"People like you are unknowing transformers of things, protected by your own fairy-tale, by love.”"
"Nicholas Ridley agreed with the Act of Supremacy, supporting Henry’s action. He became the king’s chaplain and later, in the time of Edward VI, he was Bishop of Rochester. He helped to write the Book of Common Prayer. He became Bishop of London and worked to improve the conditions of the poor."
"I gave Nick S a call before I got there and he told me that Tim CC was on his way up to get it, so I did a quick pass 500′ over a couple of pilots on takeoff, then headed back over Aber."
"Today I’ve been thinking about sentences and how to mangle them."
"One gift that was in Shelby's stocking that she loved were these light up tooth brushes."
"Look closely, though, and the belief in a 2012 apocalypse has a great deal in common with the belief that asset prices can have an infinite upside. Both beliefs offer grand narratives that replace the ordinary patterns of human existence with a something-for-nothing fantasy. The bubble believers insist that they can have limitless wealth without having to work for it; the 2012 believers insist that they can have the new and improved world they think they want—whether that amounts to a new age of enlightenment, on the one hand, or a Hollywood movie world of heroic survivors blazing away against hordes of roving zombies, on the other—without having to work for it. In either case, what drives the fantasy is the conviction that it makes sense to sit on your backside and wait for the market, or the space brothers, or something else to give you the future you think you deserve."
"Most Likely to Make a Grown Man Cry: Where She Went by Gayle Forman"
"I hope those that celebrate enjoyed the day,"
"#739 - Anatomy of a Murder (1959) - (#872 on TSPDT) Jimmy Stewart is one of those actors who never seem like they are acting. He is just smoothly natural with a homespun charm that covers up how sharp-witted and powerful of an actor he truly is. His performance in this Otto Preminger film is one of his finest, but such a great film as this - one of Preminger's finest as well - is already quite spectacular, even without Stewart. But yeah, he certainly makes it better. Many in the field of law have called this the most accurate look at a court trial ever put onto film, but more importantly, much more importantly (who wants truth when they can have the artifice of the most beautiful fraud in the world - yeah, I said it), is that Preminger has sewn together a succulent and quite devious motion picture experience, and one of the main contributing factors (along with Some Like it Hot and Psycho) to the eventual downfall of the Hays Code in Hollywood."
"Yes, wonderful colors, sunshine and blooming things!"
"As for my father, he just loved me."
"Over the next three days, I learned how to be a mama of babies in the NICU. I learned about beeps and alarms and three-hour schedules. I saw the names on the isolettes and knew those were my babies. I saw their daddy's nose on their tiny, raw faces and knew those were my babies. I was pumping my breast milk every two hours around the clock to give to my babies. But it was a very intellectual experience. My brain knew those were my babies."
"Looking around, in one corner are the “die-hards” who are still kicking on and you may even remember them from Friday night, but you would never go there! Sunglasses, nervous twitches and sideways glances – there is a slim chance that they have showered, and can let alone speak by this stage."
"According to La Tercera newspaper, Vallejo will be a “guest of honor” of the UJC celebrations and her agenda in the Caribbean nation includes several activities and meetings with students."
"+ Take LOTS of water with you when hiking in a desert environment. (we did!)"
"I have business idea which involves fabric which I am very excited about. I am currently putting together a business plan to see if I can take it further. That is really exciting. Even my other half thinks its a good idea!"
"I see the vulnerable or arrogant you;"
"\"Memory is the greatest curse ever inflicted on mankind,\" drama critic Jed Leland (Joseph Cotten) says at one point in the film and this line in many ways reflects what made this movie such a breakthrough. Citizen Kane explores a sort of existential mystery, attempting to encapsulate one man's life by deciphering the meaning of his dying word. Welles proved a wonder in his film debut, playing the title character, producing, directing and co-writing the movie — all at the tender age of 25."
"Yet again we see the familiar pattern; an immigrant from an alien country abusing the hospitality of Australians by using his position to abuse a vulnerable member of their society."
"(San Remo, Italy) — For the first time in my life, I have had the opportunity to visit the Italian city of San Remo which played an historic role in the prophetic rebirth of the modern Jewish State of Israel."
"The initial ache and pain has seemed to dull slightly. Some days it is a very deafening pain, while others it's quite transparent. I am beginning to get a grasp on what 'living' without her really is. Now we have moved past the 'coping' and moved into the surviving. We have embarked upon a new journey down a different path. I always take a rest along the way, close my eyes and try to imagine how differently our journey would have been. I miss her terribly and that is something that has never dulled. That, I'm sure, it never will."
"Outsourcing doesn’t have to mean relinquishing control. Though not strictly outsourcing, using an electronic system can do quite the opposite, especially where indirect spend is so hard to monitor."
"No backlinking to older posts"
"4) A Sikh must keep hair and wear a turban."
"\"By eliminating multiple series, your inventory is always current... With every card available at once, kids will get less duplicate cards. Therefore, they have a better incentive to collect a complete set. So you know they will keep buying all season long!\""
"Romans 13:8-Let no debt remain outstanding, except the continuing debt to love one another, for whoever loves others has fulfilled the law."
"Is worth a lifetime"
"2 hold"
"But the peplum is about to have a very big year, even though many of the fashion breathren don’t yet know what a peplum is. This ignorance is not surprising: the first thing that pops up when you Google peplum is a website devoted to films featuring Burt Lancaster and Charlton Heston in togas. “The most under-rated genre in the history of cinema” is how one blogger contentiously describes peplum movies, which also go by the soubriquet of sword-and-sandal movies. Further Googling confirms that both meanings derive from the Greek for tunic."
"Thirdly, as noted by other commentators, several procedural issues remain outstanding despite Tugendhat J's conclusion that the 'case will now proceed to trial in the usual way in accordance with the CPR'. For example, although it seems unlikely that Mr Edwards and Michael Mendahun (named as a defendant because the sex video was available on a website operated by him) would oppose the grant of a permanent injunction, there is no procedure for obtaining a permanent injunction against 'generally described persons' such as the second defendant. In these circumstances, it is suggested that Tulisa would need to obtain a 'contra mundum' ('against the world') order against either Mr Edwards or Mr Mendahun. However, obtaining such an order may not be straightforward as neither Mr Edwards nor Mr Mendahun appears to be threatening further publication of the sex tape."
"Anywho, grilled cheese was eaten; grilled cheese was loved."
"The ward is all but empty, a single human at the desk. An orderly patrols the corridors with the disinterest of Archorid in daylight. Aware that no alarm will sound, just a console light ignored by the distracted nurse, she knows what must be done."
"Having had a telescope since I was thirteen, I am fascinated by the starry sky and can identify most of the major constellations. Given this time of the calendar year, I knew that the constellation Scorpius would be in the southern portion of the sky. I scanned the lower portion of the southern horizon to find the tell-tale star of the Scorpion, the crimson Antares."
"We'll hit the bookstore afterwards and have dinner out at Pip's favorite restaurant."
"My ‘audition’ will be on April 8, and until then, I will be practicing every day, multiple times a day."
"Standing in front of her mirror, April pulls the brush through her shiny, blond hair. She sees her bed behind her, with its Strawberry Shortcake Dolls arranged neatly on the pillow. Still looking in the mirror, she moves until she sees the poster of Big Bird."
"Karan located an image of Raja Vikramaditya which I bowed to .. but did not feel was quite right. Not the right place. He then did some more locating and found a place near the lake between Mahakaleshwar and Hari Siddhi Mandir where there was a temple to Vikramaditya. This was the very place I was looking for and waiting to see for so long. I knew it was right as soon as I entered the place. After bowing to Durga Devi and admiring the pictures of the navaratnas of Raja Vikramaditya’s court and bowing to the Guru who had located this place after his narmada parikrama, I finally bowed to Raja Vikramaditya."
"Private medical firms include such treatments with health cash plans and the NHS was thought to spend around £4 million on homeopathy. The British Medical Association (BMA) has urged NHS trusts to stop including this type of treatment in their budgets and instead turn to more clinically-proven forms of treatment."
"1 PM Saturday. Last night I was to perform for a room full of grumpy old Jews in Exeter, south Devon. I expected to face sour, smug faces filled with resentment and bitterness of a people who weren’t living where they thought they belonged – in New York or at the very least, north London – and with no respect for me for having been crazy to leave New York and not successful enough for them to have heard of me."
"I somehow managed to figure my way into a sitting position, feeling something like a floating genie, and spied a very old woman, creaking away in an equally-floating rocking chair, serenely knitting a blanket. \"Grandma... Rachel?\" I asked. Grandma Rachel had been dead for 20 years. This was most definitely a dream, no doubt brought on by all the cold medicine I had taken the night before."
"Please pray for healing, comfort. strength and courage"
"I bought the magazine (Burda 03/12) on Thursday and finished sewing the dress on Sunday. The only reason it took that long was because I had to wait till Saturday to get to Spotlight for thread and a zip. (Btw, I'm wearing a black cardigan over it today which goes better with the black tights than the pale green merino thermal on it's own - only took the cardy off for the photo!)"
"powdered sugar for coating"
"There are no reasons for unreasonable things. They want to know why they left but the fact is that, purely on the spur of the moment, for no good reason, bad reason or any ol’ reason. Now that they’ve left they have the problem of where to go. Beckett would have them go nowhere and end up back where they started from. I do things a little differently. I take them through a wee adventure, not a very taxing one, and settle them with the local ex-madwoman in Rathnerth who takes on the role of their mother and I could have left them there, but where would be the fun in that? Do they get to escape or does their author have something else in store for them? Mercier and Camier felt a presence, the author of their destiny, but what about Milligan and Murphy?"
"I spend a TON of time on sims. Actually, I love it."
"No and I can tell you why. The Mayans had several methods to count time, one of them for very long periods, the \"Long Count Calender\": one Day is a K'in, 20 days are a called Winal, 18 Winals are a Tun (about one year), 20 Tuns are a K'atun and 20 K'atuns are one B'ak'tun. So year one, day one would look like this: 0.0.0.0.0 (0 B'ak'tun, 0 K'atun, 0 Tun, 0 Winal, 0 K'in). If you do the math and keep on counting Dec 21st 2012 looks like this: 13.0.0.0.0"
"But sometimes"
"6. My mother taught me: FORESIGHT."
"This was a super quick make using the pattern I'd already drafted for this tutorial. I was aiming for a boxy style shell top and that seems to have worked out pretty well. Except this time I drafted a facing for the neckline,which really enhances the bateau shape much more than the bias finish did on my previous make of this top. It was such a quick make that I even bothered to finish the facing with some deep purple bias from my stash..."
"Now get a cuppa and check out the superb designs the DT have come up with once again. Thanks gang."
"Add your wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and start flipping pancakes!"
"Now, on to the winners from the Air Wick Aqua Mist competition. I chose M.W. to receive the first prize of $200 because her comment made me giggle every time I read it ...."
"i'm part of that generation that was going to live hard and die young...or so we said..."
"Point being: One of the best things someone feeling lost in the church can do is read history. You’ll meet lots of friends who can help you as you struggle, a lot of them will probably be from church history, but if you’re like Yancey, you’ll find help from several non-Christians too. Yancey’s friends are Martin Luther King, Jr., G.K. Chesterton, Dr. Paul Brand, Dr. Robert Coles, Leo Tolstoy and Feodor Dostoevsky, Mahatma Gandhi, Dr. C Everett Koop, John Donne, Annie Dillard, Frederick Buechner, Shusaku Endo, and Henri Nouwen."
"Like in many Western remakes of Japanese horror films, there is also an effort to destroy the threatening Other. In the Grudge Buffy valiantly tries to burn the house down, and in the Ring the frightened mother tries to appease Samara’s angry spirit. These solutions are part of a Western tradition of exorcising the evil and re-establishing the status quo. Pulse follows suit and Mattie with the help of a grease monkey who bought Josh’s computer, uses a virus Josh created to shut down the system, thereby destroying the ghosts. In contrast, Kairo ends quite bleakly with little hope of a resolution. The film’s female protagonist is adrift on a boat with other survivors, but there is little sense of connection between them as the film closes on the indefinite search for more people."
"Globalisation has increased the size of agglomerations in that firms and workers are attracted to places with lower production costs and larger local markets which reinforce regional imbalances. In my view it seems that the only way countries can compete in the global market place is to make certain locations more desirable so that efficient firms looking to lower costs of production will move into regions. The free market does not allow this solution, agglomerations left to grow to unsustainable levels will lead to negative externalities of pollution, congestion and other social ills (as in the case of London, see the article in Saturday’s Guardian)."
"We have a big box thats full of scraps of paper, card, ribbon, wool, and anything else we think will make a good picture and she likes to create little master pieces from nothing but scraps and a glue stick."
"Lastly (and I realize this is probably not a turn-off for most of the reading audience), Twilight vampires are just too…nice. They don’t burst into flame in the sun — nope, they just get even prettier with their sparkly skin. They can even stroll around outside, perfectly unharmed and unsparkly, on a cloudy day! (Although I have to say, I think sparkly vampires are marginally better than vampires who avoid bursting into flame by wearing copious amounts of sunblock)."
"Our explanations must now rest on two major foundations: most Neolithic genes were native, but the major domesticates were exotic. Small-scale rather than continent-wide migrations are the best way to integrate these into one model. Agriculture in a region may have been introduced by immigrants, but that does not mean that the immigrants carried mainly Near Eastern genes (Richards 2003; Rowley-Conwy 2004b; Zvelebil 2005). The LBK, for example, originated in the Carpathian Basin; the population that moved westward emerged there carrying a complex mix of European and Near Eastern mtDNA and no doubt picking up more as it moved."
"I was quite excited at coming up with a Nonnette nouvelle. The combination of rose and roasted rhubarb jam has probably never been used before. This in conjunction with some delicious Cornish honey, ought to be irresistible, I thought. As we still had quite a bit of cake in the house from my recent Clandestine Cake Club event, I used half the normal quantities to make six rather than twelve individual cakes."
"Labour's Fascist Election Strategy Exposed"
"\"But, Sir. . .,\" I began."
"This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation."
"The chalet was organised and booked by my 4th SIL By 6 pm most of the other family members had come and the bbq started."
"and camp under stars"
"Chestnut St & Cornwall Ave (bottom of Burrard Street Bridge)- 10:40am"
"I just interviewed the"
"Romans 1:26-28 For this reason God gave them up to dishonorable passions. For their women exchanged natural relations for those that are contrary to nature; and the men likewise gave up natural relations with women and were consumed with passion for one another, men committing shameless acts with men and receiving in themselves the due penalty for their error. And since they did not see fit to acknowledge God, God gave them up to a debased mind to do what ought not to be done."
"Grains of the golden sand-"
"So here is my routine, if in fact he gets in the bed before me and passes out into a deep slumber."
"- Facebook – Follow USDLA on Facebook"
"So I walked passed the papers this morning to find the headlines “HEARTBREAK FOR MISS IRELAND” and saw a picture of a tearful beauty queen (these at the time were tears of joy ). I then continued on at later checked my twitter to find comments such as “Cant believe it @MissIreland2012 “. Honestly i am not a huge fan of these so called “beauty” pageants as i feel they send such a bad message out to the young of today, however this particularly caught my attention."
"She Can't Find Her Keys...Paul Peterson"
"Psalm 46:1 God is our refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble."
"7) The people are buying more guns because their neighborhoods are becoming more dangerous, and their neighborhoods are becoming more dangerous because the people there are buying more guns."
"Mom thinks it was God that aligned their paths, because without this woman — this survivor —she wouldn’t have known where to start."
"And for those of you who were wondering what Alasdair was waffling about, Open Space, the Uni open mic night, is having fun times at Red House in Sheffield next Thursday. Click here for FUN TIMES DETAILS!"
"The extreme ease of becoming rich also comes to the aid of upholding morality; money is never an essential consideration in marriages; commerce, industry, the practice of a profession, assure young people of a living and a future. They marry the first woman they fall in love with; and nothing is rarer in the United States than a bachelor of twenty-five. Society thereby gains more married men in place of licentious bachelors. Finally , the condition of equality protects marriages, while difference in rank obstructs them in our country. In the United States there is only one class; no barrier of social distinction separates the young man and young girl who agree to become united. This equality, propitious to legitimate unions, is highly embarrassing to those which are not. The seducer of a young girl necessarily becomes her husband, whatever the difference in their economic position, because while superiority of fortune exists, there is no difference at all in rank. The rectitude of tradition, which applies less to individuals than to society as a whole, gives a serious cast to all American society."
"“Yes,” I replied."
"the pillaging of resources."
"However, that really does not have me so bothered…. because it is a money maker I see…… however.. I think that it is a sad thing that I have to sit in the living room with my son when he wants to watch this WWF Smack Down stuff because the organization not only added more violence to the acts but women being added and dressing and talking soo provacatively…….."
"Our fence has been a horrid mess the last few months. The crazy wind has taken it's toll and we had to replace it. Matt rebuilt the fence door, with the help of Audie."
"Hair - Vanilla, sandstone, caramel."
"you lifted the mother by her tail"
"We got there a bit late in the day and some of the buildings were already casting shadows down to the water. So we ended up picking a shorter building that would be easier to measure. We found a nice little historic look-out tower."
"An attorney filed an RCE, and canceled all of the 30-some claims except for"
"If the crossfader is in the center position, tracks assigned to \"A\" and \"B\" will be mixed equally."
"Because we LOVE money, don’t we? I find it hard to believe when someone tells me they don’t like it when they’re wallet, purse, or better yet, your bank account doesn’t have a healthy amount of funds in it. We love the fact that we are able to make purchases after we’ve paid our bills."
"It was the best I had read anything in a long time also because the longer I read the more I felt this story was more about my daughter than a capless pen."
"Crime Busters is a skills-oriented chemistry event in Science Olympiad. Students are given a scenario and evidence collected at the scene of the (non-violent) crime. They analyze the clues in order to solve the crime. You can see a good description of the event at Crime Busters on SciOly, a student wiki for Science Olympiad for exchanging tips and resources. Note that gypsum is plaster of Paris and calcium carbonate is chalk."
"Ikuisuus is A Finnish label releasing mostly experimental, psychedelic and ambient music on CD, CDR, CS and LP."
"and carry it outside, with careful had,"
"Hot Rod released his single \"Dance With Me\" no December 17th, 2010, to the world on his label G Note Records."
"There have been a lot of fall starts in the Buffalo Bills’ search for a franchise quarterback to replace Hall-of-Famer Jim Kelly. They thought they had one in 3rd round pick Todd Collins in 1995. He didn’t work out. They thought they had one when they traded the #9 pick in the 1998 NFL draft for Jaguars back-up Rob Johnson. He didn’t work out. They thought they had one when they traded their 2003 1st round pick to the New England Patriots for Drew Bledsoe. He didn’t quite work out either."
"Fashion designer Betsey Johnson’s company filed for bankruptcy protection Thursday night in New York, following poor performance in its chain of retail stores."
"So from now on, should we no longer assume that everyone understands the basic idea that a ball, once set in motion, can hit a person? At the same time, should we start insisting on protective eyewear every time a moving ball is invovled? Goggles?, I guess?"
"So after another long grooming session (he is still shedding out an impressive amount of hair each day) we were tacked up and ready to go (after telling people where I was riding of course). I couldn't resist taking a few pictures with my phone before I left, I'm really loving Prince's new plaid saddle pad that I got for my birthday!"
"So don't do something like this:"
"\"The realization that formal development will often be intensified by metrical change gave rise to the idea of organizing the metrical process in such a way that each measure is subject to a different metrical structure. If the metrical proportions are then constructed along mathematical lines, namely according to sequences or combination theory, then the metrical process is no longer the product of random or arbitrary events. New, higher-level symmetries are the result, moreover interesting overlaps of the metrical series with the musical phrase, varient recapitulations, and the like."
"R - Hooray! Now I am at the helm of my very own star ship!"
"None I guess. There is just not as much going on over here. Not as many live shows going on, so the bands here are not as well practised as bands from other countries. When bands come over here to play, they are much more tighter than Icelandic bands are. So we should do more practising."
"and with ERP of"
"Blend for a couple of minutes, pausing to scrape sides of the blender down with a rubber spatula. Heat one tablespoon oil in large soup pot and add chile puree. Cook for about 10 minutes, letting mixture thicken. Add six cups of vegetable broth and heat through, bringing to a boil. Add:"
"Recently, my husband taught my daughter how to play “Chopsticks” on the piano. She has been practicing and practicing it and finally got it down. Last night, she was on one keyboard, and my husband was on another. The two of them played the sweetest duet, and it was so cute! I love watching my husband pass on his skill, and I love watching my daughter absorb it all like a sponge."
"Want to know something completely annoying about living at home with your parents as an adult?"
"They say \"Let your voice be heard! Your perspective matters!\" You can always spot bad copy a) by the irrelevant application of exclamation marks and b) by poor use of language. The copy begins, \"As a strategic member of the workforce, we invite you to participate in our annual Salary and Job Market study.\""
"As gales of abnormal force"
"the kind of love she may never find."
"Right after a big storm."
"Disclaimer: I love me a good tale involving the supernatural. Keyword here is good. Yes, there are many novels out there with witches, vampires, ghosts, and the like, but finding one that has a solid plot? Not so common. And one that makes you able to believe that these non-human entities could feasibly be walking amongst us? Even harder to find. Enter the first novel by Deborah Harkness: A Discovery of Witches. AND, it's the first in a trilogy! I am anticipating the second instalment (due out this summer) with bated breath."
"He eyed my purse like it was the holy grail. When he finally managed to pull his eyes off my bag I tried to give him my signature, \"Touch this and I'll ... Well, we both know I'm not capable of doing anything about it, but I'll be madder than an expat waiting in line at the prefecture.\""
"Transfer the dough into a 9 .5 by 1 inch tart pan or pie plate and press into the pan with your palms, working the dough up the sides with your fingers and pressing it evenly around the rim. Trim any overhanging bits of dough. Chill for 20 minutes while you preheat the oven to 325 F. Bake for 10-12 minutes or until the crust is golden. (I used a pie plate and it took like 25mns for me, for tart pan may be it will take only 10-12 mns. Keep an eye on the crust while baking and wait till it becomes golden)"
"One yard wire-edged ribbon"
"Jenny said she thought it was a book about identity, which seemed to me an astute assessment. Set in the 1920s around the building of the Bloor Street Viaduct which will bridge the city, it is essentially the story of Patrick, who, like the moths he watched flinging themselves against the lighted windows in his isolated country childhood, comes to Toronto 'searching', for a home, or an identity, or maybe a narrative of his own, but drawn with the logic and coincidence of dream into the stories of others, and in particular the immigrant Macedonian community. As Trevor said, the blurb on his edition bills the book as a love story, but it's not really, or rather it's more complicated than that. As in dreams, and as in Ondaatje's better-known sequel The English Patient, love stories become displaced from the centre, are left hanging or morph: a nun falls from the bridge and is caught by the worker Nicholas, an incident that hangs over the rest of the story like an iconic miracle, bonding the two souls together, yet later we will learn that Nicholas has married another. Indeed, as in dreams, characters central to the The English Patient appear on the edges here, waiting in the wings with the centrality of their own narratives. The language too is dream-like, and there are constant references to dreams - The bridge goes up in a dream - and, as in The English Patient there is the ache of loss and longing that characterises the most affecting dreams. Right from the start we are clear that the whole thing is couched in the dream of narrative:"
"But it wasn´t really nice. The snow was very wet and sticky. Not good for sledging."
"Lt. General James N. Soligan, USAF (Ret.)"
"I have to let her Announce it.. so HANG tight… hints will be out soon.. but here is one,"
"Doesn't that look so much cuter?"
"POSTCARDS!"
"There are а number оf avаіlаble hard drive data recovery services today. These involve hard disk repair services, data recovery software services, аnd ѕоmе more. The amount оf time that thеѕе avaіlablе hard drive data recovery services mау takе tо recovery аny lost files highly depends оn whаt type оf service іs done. As уou mаy know, therе аre the so-called standard, expedited аnd emergency hard drive data recovery services."
"(New York, NY) – Christian metalcore band For Today are kicking off 2012 with the nationwide headlining “Fight The Silence Tour” presented by HK Army and Substream Magazine. The tour kicks off on March 10th and will make stops throughout the country including the Never Say Never Fest, SXSW and New England Metal & Hardcore Festival before concluding on April 22nd."
"Do you ever pick up things for yourself while you're shopping for others?"
"05 - Once In A Million Years."
"green chilly - 5(chopped)(+ or - accordingly)."
"On the other hand: will we really experience new things if we avoid places / people / situations just because they’re strange or new to us? The feelings of insecurity, pain, fear and discomfort can very well mean that something new is happening. Are we looking at those feelings through the eyes of the adventurer?"
"I have been forcing myself to focus all my verbal energy on the mass quantities of papers that are required of an English and Spanish double major. Hopefully you will excuse me."
"All told, eight people lost their lives—six Black and two white."
"Back then, she’d have had every mother, grandmother, housewife, mid-wife, and auntie in The Village to catch and keep her and those babies … and the older they got, the deeper the hugs and tissue-swiped tears and runny noses."
"I won't lie. I felt like I was sprinting, and it was a little painful. But I didn't feel like I was going to die, so I just kept pushing myself. One foot in front of the other. We turned a corner and then all of a sudden we turned onto a gravel road. WHAT? I was not expecting gravel. My lungs were burning and I was ticked about the stupid gravel. Really, it isn't that big of a deal, just something I wasn't planning on, you know? Anyway, then I saw the 1 mile marker. Lungs on fire, thighs on fire, two miles to go. The entire second mile, and at a least half of the third were all on gravel. When I finally hit pavement again I was so incredibly happy (not to mention it was a bit of a downhill and the last quarter mile, woot!). Pretty much the entire third mile I was thinking I couldn't make it. That I had gone out too fast and I wouldn't be able to finish at that speed. I more or less argued with myself in my head for five minutes about whether or not to slow down. But when I reached that last quarter mile I decided to go big or go home."
"The amount of booking requests and the money I could make if I went full time keep rolling around in my head. For all my liberal hippy bullshit, Labour views and Commie leanings, I find the thought of making that much money exciting. I keep day-dreaming about that flat in London. About lazy days, spent being this exciting, mysterious person that I could never actually be.But I want it; I want to disappear. Home keeps calling, and all my conversation is vague and evasive. I don’t want to think about them right now. The responsibility of being loved. I don’t want it. I talked to my Dad this morning, and he said he missed me, he never says stuff like that. The feeling’s mutual, but I don’t want to do anything about it. Just stay missing, stay missed. So selfish."
"Anyways, awhile ago I came across Marianne Williamson’s “A Return to Love”. It’s a book about what she learned in “A Course in Miracles”, and let me tell you it’s a fantastic read, or listen if you have the audio book. After listening to the audiobook once or twice, I started to put it on at work and listening to it fairly often to really let it sink in. Now in the past few weeks I have been putting it into practice, and I will say that it has blown my mind."
"but before you leave Jakarta. don’t forget to brush off all the unnecessary burdens from the past. draw a clear line between you and your previous lover. you know where your going, but he doesn’t. so let him know, that you know you’re not meant to be with him. for real.some jerks will try to get in your way. some from the past will still tempt you. you’d fall for one of them in March at a party, but that’s okay. cause somehow, that night wouldn’t go so smoothly, so that’s your cue to take a bow and leave."
"Maybe you want to explore a new destination on your honeymoon. There’s a cruise and a ship for you. Celebrating your wedding anniversary? Take a cruise with a honeymoon package to make it extra special. There is nothing more romantic than a cruise to an enchanting destination."
"I took a look at my current craft supplies to see if anything inspired me and with my Mod Podge, Acrylic spray and a small bottle of glitter I knew exactly what I could use these shoes for. A shoe makeover! So I went out the next day and purchased the biggest container of chunky gold glitter I could find. I'll give you a step-by-step process of how I did this DIY."
"I really enjoyed them."
"“It was my tribute to their proud, naked way of living!” she protested."
"Sidepod Version 2.1"
"Again, I am not sure if you have noticed or not, but I am not the most coordinated person on the planet, or even the universe, for that matter. And the C2K plan involves interval jogging and walking, which necessitates a change in speed on the treadmill."
"A Box -"
"Reykjavik, Iceland. I know, you're asking, \"Why in the world would you want to go to Reykjavik, Iceland, Kay?\" I'm not sure exactly, but I can trace my desire to see Iceland back to October of 1986. That's the date of the Reagan/Gorbachev summit that eventually led to the end of the Cold War."
"I took apart this bed, The Dude drilled 4 new holes at desk height using a template I made, The Oldest and I cleaned under the bed, vacuumed and rearranged. I then put the bunks back together, and ran to buy the desk top. The Dude cut the wood to fit. It doesn't exactly, but at $36 a sheet, it's workable. The Oldest also did not want the side rails, so those were left off. He completely reorganized his room with the added storage, set up his fan and alarm clock, and set up his train set on a part of the table:"
"4 Ba-benzélé 6:15"
"Vanilla: The addition of vanilla produces a smoother, creamier lemon flavor and it seems you can taste the milk more. If you like a tangy tart, lemony flavor forgo the vanilla."
"This method holds a number of advantages over traditional construction schedules. Firstly, since the core and floor segments are being built in parallel, the construction can be much quicker, resulting in a time saving of around 30% for a similarly sized regular tower. Secondly, vastly fewer workers need to be on site at the tower, meaning only around 90 specialist workers will need to work in difficult and dangerous conditions at the tower itself, the remainder being in an optimal, safe and comfortable factory setting."
"And now, more yummy pages to do, because everyone's April challenges are up all over the place. I love the never ending inspiration and creativity :-) Yay to us all, keeping all this positive energy flowing around the world!"
"I know, some of you will say to give her time."
"Add a pinch of salt to the flour and then pour hot oil (2 tsp) over it and knead the dough with water and keep it under wet cloth for 1 hr. You have to keep kneading it after every 20 mins to make it soft."
"6. The Islamic century - Neo-Barbarism and Chaos, the new Dark Ages"
"But this morning, those wanting Hunt to go in a Comres poll outnumbered his supporters 3-1. In fact, only 16% of UK adults think Hunt should stay."
"What fascinates me about art is the way the artist speaks to us so clearly. Time is no obstacle. Language is no obstacle. Art transcends both. There is a young artist sketching the statue. What will he leave behind to inspire future generations?"
"I invite you to visit Paul Corrie’s website at:"
"Allison: “And you don’t know what my debating skills are like.”"
"Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, brown sugar, oil, honey, and vanilla. Don’t worry about clumps of the brown sugar, those will dissolve as it sits while you prepare the remaining ingredients. Then fold in the carrot, zucchini, and walnuts"
"Oh yeah, they have it great. Just because they can’t leave the house without a male “chaperon,” can’t drive, can’t work, can’t leave the country, can’t be in the same room with unrelated men and on and on doesn’t mean they have it bad."
"I was very impressed. With this being the third different Merlot I have tried to date, and with it being the first Washington State Merlot, I can easily say that this bottle has been the best Merlot thus far."
"I've been drooling over Elaine's and Natalie's nude pumps all summer. Sure, I've been keeping an eye out at my usual shoe haunts (Payless, WalMart, Kmart-yeah, I'm cheap) for a knock-off under $15 that would do me. I didn't find anything (obviously, or I would've worn them by now)."
"The terms of the rule regarding this changed when the disciplinary rules were revised last year."
"Like this! That’s it. I’m done! Good-night."
"The first day of autumn seemed an appropriate time to reprise my version of this popular comfort food, so I've condensed the three original posts into just one; but I hope you'll go back and read those first three posts. And, hey, if you take pity on me for the lack of response to those posts, do leave a comment on them as well as on this one."
"My raspberries are on and we have been making freezer jam, freezing raspberries and trying a new banana bread recipe. This is not your mother's banana bread, but it is YUUUMMMY! I found this little gem in my ward cookbook. Very moist and delicious. The white chocolate chips and raspberries take it to another level."
"“No, no, there’s a young Hobbit or two that need saving right now. I won’t hear of such nonsense as your running off!” exclaimed the elder putting his hand significantly on his sun-patterned jade and bronze amulet."
"It happens in a blink"
"From there, the lacrosse incident was not discussed. The questions included discussions on issues such as the architectural changes to Central Campus, Fine Arts at Duke, the future of the football program at Duke, and emphasizing Duke as more than a “basketball school.”"
"Yesterday my car battery went flat. I had to pick up my eldest from school in an hour. I had no money because I’ve been out of work for the past month. I was stuck. I called the children’s father in an attempt to see if he would help because the car is predominantly used for them. He came. With a price. He agreed to get a new battery…..If I would give him something in return. I felt stuck between a rock and a hard place. I needed to pick up my daughter as we have custody issues and upcoming court and couldnt afford to be seen as the lesser parent."
"The whole novel could have been so much shorter that it's 720 pages!"
"“How you doing honey?” She said. The smell of alcohol was strong on her breath. Alcohol, perfect. I know from experience that alcohol disables your ability to stop talking, which is exactly what I need from her right now."
"Such a penchant for extravagance has added up to some pretty daunting numbers. The UK’s Daily Mail, citing White House sources who referred to the First Lady as “a vacation junkie,” claimed Michelle Obama had “has spent $10 million of U.S. taxpayers’ money on vacations alone in the past year”–as of August 2011. The unnamed source further notes that Mrs. Obama also enjoys “drinking expensive booze during her trips. She favors martinis with top-shelf vodka and has a taste for rich sparking wines.”"
"Poured a dark brown with ruby highlights and a nice tan, long lasting head.The taste was rich and complex with spices and dark fruits and most surprisingly, some nice hop bitterness. Despite the nice head, the carbonation seemed a little low. Overall, very nice. I liked 2011 better than 2010."
"Somehow, in my messed up head, I had to go through a process of consciously deciding it was ok, But it was ok."
"Fair enough. I gave up on becoming a teacher. Other schools had the same reason. And so for a while, I decided to pick up on the legacy of my parents and go into advertising. But I didn’t want their help and I wanted to get hired on my own. For a while, I wanted to be part of a world so different from what I am part of now — the young professional in Makati kind of world. But as promising as I was — these interviews have this way of giving you false hope — none of them would hire me. Their reason? My degree is not an advertising one."
"Today marks the 100th birthday of one of the greatest songwriters from those Tin Pan Alley days: Johnny Mercer, born November 18, 1909 in Savannah, Georgia. Best known as a lyricist, he was also a popular singer in his day, and he co-founded Capitol Records."
"White Crinkle Ribbon from My Craft Spot"
"Islam also teaches that men and women are equal in the sight of Allah. They are individually accountable for their actions, and will be judged equally by Allah."
"So how is all that represented in my card today? Well, I created a card of encouragement for someone who is having a hard time. As the focal piece I included a Scripture verse -- Psalm 139:14 -- that I feel goes right to the heart of the issue for this person. And, true to my style as a person and crafter, I included \"sunny\" colors, some flowery papers and paper flowers to represent the beauty and hope that God brings to every day, plus a cute little bunny image just for smiles."
"3. In a version of the foregoing, the licensor may from the outset set a high minimum royalty payment for the licensee, secure in his belief that the licensor will be able to identify and manage a successful sublicensee in the territory."
"California is gaining status in the beer world. That's awesome because I make it to the land of movies quite often. Luckily, that is where I am now (stop by and say hi if you're in the area). I have been here for 3 days now and I feel like I'm failing in my search for great West Coast beer."
"“Because people are changing so rapidly, some folks who’ve used natural remedies in the past find that these are either no longer working, or, conversely, way too strong. Homeopathics, crystal elixers, and flower remedies work primarily on energy, so some people have found these do a better job of addressing any symptoms of DNA Activation. As we continue to move towards light and away from density, we will find increased effectiveness from subtler “medicines.” We will also continue to experience what I call overshooting the mark, when we blast ourselves with aggression –whatever that means for us, whether pills, mega doses of herbs, too much exercise, etc. Think “subtle and aligned,” and you’ll remain on the right track.” Laura Bruno"
"Or what about the distraught girl who calls me at 2 AM because she needs a ride home after her date got drunk at a party and she refused to get in the car with him, and he left without her, and she didn't know who else to call because her parents wouldn't understand because they had warned her to stay away from that guy (yes, I know that's a run-on sentence. Shut up, I'm on a roll here). Yes, I'm aware of the risk of misinterpretation when a male teacher is seen driving a female student home at 2 in the morning, especially after she's been drinking; and yes I'm aware that the \"safer\" response would have been to tell her to call her parents and hope that they'll understand because they love her. But I've never been one to take the \"safe\" route - I help people when they ask me for help, and I don't worry about what other people might think. I give my home phone number to every student, every year on the first day of school, and I tell them to call me if they ever need ANYTHING, any time, day or night. Those aren't just words. Sometimes they take me up on it, and I'll be damned if I'm going to turn my back on them when they do."
"Question #4: What is missing from IHeart Organizing that you would like to see more of?"
"potassium"
"Hong Kong’s Best Shopping Guide – Electronics"
"Four years ago, I was induced with Renae and had a horrible experience. My body just wasn't ready. Sammy's labor started spontaneously, and it was amazing. Not to mention his birth was much (much) shorter. Because of these 2 drastically different labors, with this pregnancy, I was avoiding an induction like the plaque. I was wiling to wait for labor to start on it's own, despite the fact that I was ready to be done being pregnant."
"For me, one of the areas that most YA fails in is the way the romance develops and the manner in which the two protagonists fall in love - but here is was completely believable and organic, especially thanks to some of the reveals later in the story."
"So today was a FABULOUS day, just like I hoped it would be :) I, um, er, *cough* could have had something to do with the fact that I started my period last night. Crazy PMS will get me every time - LMBO!"
"-Top each plate of spinach with segments of one orange, half the diced avocado, and 2 tbsp of almonds. Divide the dressing between the plates and serve immediately."
"Thank Shayln for this very unique SMELLY ARMPIT award!! LOL!"
"Midtown Plaza, Cnr Bourke and Swanston Sts"
"For example, I could fit 9 spools on the bottom row. I had 13 inches of space (remember, I'm not counting the border). So 13 divided by 9 is approximately 1.4 inches."
"A freight train passes as I tip my head back against the white poles along the stairs."
"The Lassie paused its eating momentarily and gave Moon a very dirty look."
"That day at court when the judge wouldn't hear the concerns I had for my children or the risks that I was trying to avoid - something took root."
"Then eat them all before anyone else knows you made them. These can be put in the fridge if you have any leftover, but I don’t really like them out of the fridge. The strawberries will start to release a little bit of strawberry juice-liquid and they get a little sloppy. But they’re still good."
"2nd Place: $5,000"
"After class, I slowly walked to his office. I stopped and got a drink of water from the water fountain, went to the bathroom, because I felt like I was going to puke. I stopped at his doorway and I could see him sitting at his desk. He was looking at me, holding my paper. Dear God, he was waiting for me."
"For Mother's Day, Adam surprised me with a lovely gold necklace that has a gold mother & child pendant on it, it is such a beautiful gift, I adore it so much :). We also went to an awesome brunch in the late afternoon at Elizabeth Park's Pond House Cafe in West Hartford. Elizabeth Park has gorgeous flowers blooming all over and is home to a beautiful rose garden. Adam's mom truley enjoyed the brunch and spending time with her grandchildren as well. It was perfect!"
"Alright folks, the April Carnival of Pen, Pencil and Paper has arrived! If you haven't seen some of these blogs before, you may want to add them to your favorites and check out their archives."
"On the evening of New Year's Eve I set up a little 2'9\" course for Klein. We hadn't jumped for about a month mostly due to the rain and a couple small snow storms trashing the footing in the arenas. It just turns to clay around here. Then it took forever to dry out. Nice weather has returned, arenas were looking good and we were excited. I set up a two stride, a wide oxer, a vertical, and another jump that was a horizontal X. That way she could stretch out and it was only 2'9\" because it was meant to be a little confidence builder. AND since she hadn't really jumped for a month. We'd jump a xc jump here or there on the barn property but nothing serious."
"MY TRIP WILL BE BY MID WEEK AND I EXPECT YOU TO COMPLY BEFORE THEN SO THAT THE DELIVERY CAN BE COMPLETED. IF YOU DO NOT COMPLY, THEN IT WILL NOT BE MY FAULT IF YOU DO NOT RECEIVE YOUR CONSIGNMENT PACKAGE."
"Life’s not a bitch! Life is a beautiful woman"
"What impacted me first when I started was learning about core values and passions, the bedrock of the human soul."
"We’re a couple of codependents, like the span over Pontchartrain."
"In a December 2009 review, Fannie Mae officials estimated that cutting loan balances would cost about $1.7 million to implement and taxpayers would see a potential savings of more than $410 million. More than half of Fannie Mae customers would benefit from the program within six months."
"Pinocchio's Christmas ... ABC Family ... 10 AM"
"Big Sky Brewing Company Ivan The Terrible"
"I got a call on Friday from R&D’s HR rep. They want their stuff back. (Big surprise, eh?) So I am to come in tomorrow morning to “exchange” things: company property for personal property. The only joy I take in this is that our group manager is the one who has to sift through all my boxes and try to identify what is mine. Ha! That should take him a while. I took most of my stuff when I left. Since I am notorious for leaving piles of paper all over my desk, he ought to be having fun right about now. Of course, I wonder if this means I will get back my 15 bottles of half-drunk water. Ha! Ha! Ha!"
"Asked Pops about Addler. Remembers it 'cause he was there. Fine player, pop says. A real terrier."
"When it's just me, a 4 year old and an infant, pulled pork for days can get a bit old."
"Labour's new policy on pensions steals the extreme neo-liberal ACT party's policy of making workers work harder, longer, and die sooner. Pushing out the age of retirement from 65 to 67 is an open attack on the working class. To get elected Labour has abandoned its class roots and openly appeals to international finance capital to allow Labour to manage its affairs in NZ. It's another lurch to the right in response to a deep crisis echoing the 1980s crisis management at the expense of workers. Labour wants to make workers' pay for NZ's economic crisis in the same way as so-called 'socialist' parties in Greece, Spain, Portugal and Ireland are making workers pay for the crisis of international finance capital."
"8 ounces sour cream"
"Why isn’t Jesus’ testimony about himself valid? By “not valid” I take it he means “not quite as convincing”, rather than “not legitimate”?"
"Speaking of your new favorite things, we went to the doctor’s office on Wednesday and you got some shots (definitely NOT one of your favorite things) and we found out that the ear infection that you got while your first tooth was coming in (and second-which is here now too) is gone. YAY! After the appointment, we decided to do some grocery shopping and stock up on some stuff we were out of at home (diapers and formula for you, namely). We went into Costco and the first thing I saw when we were walking down the aisles was a little outside swing for kids. I immediately knew your face would light up like the sun if you got the chance to try swinging (you love when daddy makes you fly, holds you upside down, carries you on his shoulders, or throws you up in the air. We always tell people you’re going to be a roller coaster girl). When I saw that it was only $19.99 I couldn’t resist. Daddy agreed and we bought it on the spot for you (along with an adorable Ladybug Beach Towel that I couldn’t resist). Daddy hung it up on our back porch and, sure enough, you are a fan of swinging. We actually left you out in your swing for a bit while we got some stuff done and you were happy as a clam to just sit there as it swung back and forth. Love that big two-toothed smile of yours, lovey."
"I used to live in Ocean Grove, NJ and I loved it. My dilapidated house was only 5 houses from the Atlantic Ocean and it was just lovely. I could see the sunrise every morning on my way to work and walk along the boardwalk whenever I wanted."
"But Monsieur Pascal knew that in the ancient world – and many periods since – a strong nose showed strength of character. If her nose had been weaker, maybe her character would have been weaker, too. Maybe her strong nose was one of the things that attracted Julius Caesar and Mark Anthony, two of the most powerful men in the world, to fall in love with her and marry her."
"This is only one extreme. My life has always been extremes. Along with these sadnesses, there was equal happiness."
"Flatbreads are great to cook, easy and fast. You don´t have to wait for the oven to heat up, so it´s very convenient to take a couple of balls of dough that you have in the fridge, let them rest and then cook them on a hot frying pan."
"going in our camper-van to the coast soon"
"If you want to listen to an online radio station that not only plays exactly what artist, song or genre you told it to play, for several years there has only been one viable option: Pandora. But now, its biggest rivals in the online radio space are working on apps that will provide similarly customized listening experiences. They will also create a nice healthy competition for our ears."
"Today, I'm going into detail about how we have our diapers arranged and what makes our system work! Future posts will be on the types of diapers and how to use them, how to launder diapers, the poop factor, and other cloth diapering goodness!! Keep checking in during the month of June for the Cloth Diaper Series! Now, let's get down to business!"
"He learned to be strong."
"***That’s three."
"If violets are the vanguard of spring in Wisconsin, the rearguard is the removal of flannel sheets. Each year they seem to stay on the bed a bit longer - last spring was so damp and chilly they didn't come off until June. In a drafty old house like ours (and with a thermostat kept as low as ours), there's nothing so cozy on a cold spring night as snuggling down under the fuzzy warmth of flannel - with a fleece blanket above, and a good weighty comforter to top it all off."
"In the poorest part of this poor village lived an old woman, all alone, a widow of many years and without sons or daughters to care for her. But she was of a good heart, and every day she would tend her scrawny tea bushes in memory of her husband even though the other villages would laugh at her folly - for her tea was bitter. \"Old Wife's Tea\" they called it, and to this day in China, poor quality tea is named so."
"Now, to be honest, some of these are going to offer good and useful advice for the Zombie Apocalypse. Others ... well, you're gonna want to take notes on what NOT to do. I leave figuring out which is which as an exercise for the student."
"Don’t keep all the good ideas to yourself…share please!"
"1-2 “God’s kingdom is like an estate manager who went out early in the morning to hire workers for his vineyard. They agreed on a wage of a dollar a day, and went to work. 3-5″Later, about nine o’clock, the manager saw some other men hanging around the town square unemployed. He told them to go to work in his vineyard and he would pay them a fair wage. They went."
"5. Opposite Sex"
"This week, Beth Norman and I challenged each other and the other TJ members to do a card using the Penciled Twinks technique from the Feb 08 newsletter."
"Make SURE the book itself is getting the same kind of polish you're doing here."
"teacher's knowledge. He could do mental arithmetic mechanically, sing"
"Businesses also fail because of a poor or nonexistent business plan, poor management, too optimistic sales projections, poor marketing, poor location, the owner’s insufficient experience, and so forth. Given these pitfalls, imagine the extra challenges faced by business owners with disabilities."
"-We’ll have to rely on a flywheel. A worm theoretically would serve a similar purpose (super-high gear ratio), but they are way too expensive. A set of the cheapest worm plus worm gear is already over our entire budget, which is an unfortunate financial constraint."
"It's back! I miss doing these and I figure, if nothing else, I at least post something once a week, right? Right! So without further ado, let's get on with Friday! If I end up repeating myself, just ignore me, I'll eventually go away. ::winks::"
"But I think the real inspiration came when I started playing musical instruments. Piano was the first. Unfortunately during my lessons I was tutored by a drugged up old granny with scarecrow-like fingers and she constantly smelt of a wet carpet that had a bunch of livestock living on it."
"She danced her little heart out and those little wandering eyes looking out for Mummy and Daddy were just adorable."
"Total frustration had caused me to throw the styrofoam cup across my office. Fortunately, only a few drops of cold coffee splattered against the eggshell wall. The fifth refill was almost completely finished after a morning of “boot and re-boot”."
"I have a great hope- I will be spending eternity with Christ. He looked at me in my hopelessness and with my sinful mind and actions and loved me so much He became a man and died in my place. Love like that is so beyond what I can fathom, but I trust that my sin has been forgiven. I am wiped clean!!"
"Patchwork."
"Aliette: ha ha ha. I once had someone (non-Vietnamese) argue with me about how I’d got Vietnamese history all wrong because it was in the (American) history books. I’m much less pacifist than you, and I basically fought an urge to strangle the person at that point…"
"We went to go and visit my brother and his wife in East Atlanta, we went out ot eat that night."
"Marketing Tips by,"
"Madison County residents may contact the C.A.R.E organizations by calling Williams at 986-7840 or visiting the TLC website at www.tlccatrefuge.org."
"I was determined to get a picture of the hay bales this month . These huge round creations are SUCH a contrast to the Ediths illustuation of haymaking in her \"September\" painting. Modern farming methods have long since replaced the sights she came across 106 years ago."
"Nigar khan was in controvercy when her topless photos appeared on the cover of Norwegian magazine Vi Menn. But Nigar Khan denied that fact and stated that the photos were not genuine."
"“White Zombie La Sexorcisto: Devil Music Vol. 1 on 180g clear / white Import LP"
"Because the Commission did not address all of the issues presented by the administrative law judge’s decision under both the per se and rule of reason analysis, further proceedings before the Commission may be necessary with respect to whether Philips’s patents are enforceable and, if so, whether Philips is entitled to any relief from the Commission. Accordingly, we reverse the Commission’s ruling on patent misuse for the reasons stated, and we remand this case to the Commission for further proceedings consistent with this opinion."
"Because of the nature of some of these movies and TV shows, I’m not certain that I would allow my children to sit in front of the television and watch them, but things were different back then and we as children had a lot more autonomy than ours do in these times. I do not fault my parents now but thank them and wonder now at these shows, knowing that television is used as programming. Whatever the purposes might have been by those in charge of such, the outcomes surely could not have been known in advance. Insofar as a mind can be opened, experience can be moderated by the capacity of a mind to conceptualize beyond the mundane. Opening minds seems to have been one of the major intents of a certain type of media programming back in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Considering that some of the tales told in these television shows and movies are ancient in conception, their relevance to our current dilemmas and questions as a species is quite interesting."
"“Oh? So you are Lanna’s cub, eh?” queried Arik, eying him with his great bushy brows raised high. “You don’t look especially furry,” he added to amuse himself, and to test how he or Lanna might respond to that jibe."
"Random updates before I go --"
"Getting a phone call from my sister."
"Brewed: 02-07-2008"
"from the sun’s harmful rays. Those undergoing treatment for"
"All the mostest and the leaster"
"For dessert, she served strawberry pie, apple pie, brownies, and pudding."
"H.G. Wells: The first man to raise a fist is the man who's run out of ideas."
"I think this picture lies though, because the tile is not that gray. It actually has a lot of warm beige tones mixed in, but we'll see. I think it will look amazing either way."
"No wonder the Bible says you shall have whatsoever you say (Mark 11:23)."
"She started off by spouting out a whole stack of various and interesting tidbits of information. Here they are in a seemingly random order! Hopefully something will jump out that is of interest."
"There used to be a tiny little brewpub in this town. It was in a weird space, in a strip mall, owned and completely operated by a guy & his wife. There was only ONE brewing vat, and it was about 3 feet away from the bar, so it was truly a MICRO-brew place. This guy made the best beer I've ever had, and his wife turned out some mean pizza. They moved to Hawaii several years ago, and my life hasn't been the same since."
"5 Time Keeps Slipping Away 3:18"
"Hope everyone is enjoying the book and we'll see you back next week! (hopefully!)"
"I do not see where unity is possible between these two worlds as they drift farther and farther apart unless they both cling to the same ligament, the only thing strong enough to bind us together."
"The thing I love about Janet is that she doesn't mince words. She minces bones, and tendons, but not words. If your query sucks, she'll tell you that, and then she'll tell you exactly why. This is not the place for people who say they want a critique but secretly want to be told how great they are. Query Shark will eat you alive."
"Always quick with a hug, a laugh, a smile or a kind word, he gave selflessly. His smile could brighten any day and I always looked forward to every family gathering to see him and my Aunt Kay. This past Saturday, the sunshine dimmed, the clouds drew and the earth stopped turning for a time as we held our breath and bid farewell to a favourite person in so many of our lives."
"The reason with you I’m enamored"
"The ABI themselves admit that the flood insurance agreement has led the home insurance industry to provide continual cover to otherwise uninsurable properties. They claim that the average cost of repairing a home that is damaged by flooding is between £20,000 and £40,000. Not only that but there was over £3 billion of flood-related damage in 2007 and £174 million of damage as a result of the Cumbria floods of 2009."
"Some unknown person was there to provide the animal for Jesus to ride in on for His triumphal entry into Jerusalem."
"There are two things I want you consider carefully when you read this text: alcohol content, OG and level of acidity. remember, I'll be asking questions later."
"With Barcelona, Real Madrid, Athletic Bilbao, Atletico Madrid and Valencia still in the European competitions and only one British team (Chelsea) left, people are asking, are we really as dominant as we once were? I personally doubt we are, in the domestic competitions, we still look strong but on the bigger stage, we seem to have been struck down with a case of “Big Game Stage Fright.” Over the last few years, it’s been a regular occurrence to see the likes of Arsenal, Manchester United, Chelsea and even Liverpool in the final stages of a European tournament but this year we’ve had to face living with only one team in it. Manchester United & Manchester City went in the group stages of the Champions League (and then exited the Europa League,) Arsenal were then knocked out in the last 16 by AC Milan. Only Chelsea fly the flag for our nation but they are now favourites to be the next team out of the CL despite holding a 1-0 advantage against World Club Champions, Barcelona."
"D.H: No play, ball in the air, on the ground, game over!"
"½ cup raw pumpkin seeds"
"I'm not sure why I picked on competition for a theme, as I'm not really a competitive sort of person, but I think it does make for an interesting theme. One that can have many interpretations."
"A week doesn't go by when I don't create something. This is an ATC for a swap. Its not digital...I still love cutting and pasting. I like my little works of art to tell a story and this one amuses me."
"I think I'd like to send this question to them (as I am sure it will likely get me a 95% approval rating from other speed daters): Where is the strangest place you have vomited and why? Please be specific in your answers."
"Preventative Health Taskforce. Australia: the healthiest country by 2020. National Preventative Health Strategy. Canberra: Commonwealth of Australia, 2009."
"Pull-Up ladder"
"Another reason for mentioning Fiji is that it provides us with a very good example of of how fragile an indigenous culture is, and how vulnerable an indigenous people can be when faced with an aggressive, or ambitious, immigrant race."
"Placing the preschooler on a chair, standing at full height, is designed to be provocative, emphasising how big he is rather than his vulnerability. Anybody who has a 3-year-old (or 4 or 5-year-old) knows that children at this age can seem terribly grown up one moment and so very young the next. That is why many children this age will still seek out a bottle, dummy (pacificier) or thumb. They still seek the comfort that breastfeeding provides, whether or not they actually receive this comfort at the breast."
"People who've been to my house know I hate having things on my fridge, but we've found the best place to keep this is on the fridge. In December 2006, I wrote a post about how our fridge would most likely always have something on it but obviously I didn't listen to myself."
"I replied like I always did, “Nothing.”"
"51. Five Flavors of Dumb Antony John"
"11th), Can’t Buy Time (Fell 18th), Arbor Supreme (Fell 28th)"
"I thought that this interviewer of those with the fire could be Fanny Kiefer or Ian Thom but they did not seem to fit. Then I saw you in my mind one morning giving a talk in the gallery. I figured this interviewer could be you. You have the personality, the good looks, the knowledge and even the connections to start an art talk show. Perhaps Fanny or Gordon or Ian could help you. You could interview Shadbolt’s successor at UBC, those at Emily Carr U. or people like Sylvia Tait or Gathie Falk. This may be the time to shine a light on what art can be in these days of economic doldrums, world chaos and the advent of our new art museum."
"Good lord do people fucking love this Jeremy Lin character. And for whatever reason, they love him in the most twee way possible. It’s like a non-stop contest to see who can come up with the best play on words using his last name."
"I have a cute little Easter Welcome sign above the Front Door......"
"Unknown in any former period;"
"Porque sacaba y temblaba"
"The best in my life! And it was the short version."
"4) I have a cousin who..."
"“Sure I have; I told you years ago.”"
"from when I was a child. But the way she understands angels"
"Well yesterday morning was one of those mornings that follow a fairly sleepless night. I was exhausted and had scheduled to move furniture with my Hubby for the better part of the day. I groaned to Brent that I really wanted some coffee."
"I think many people know aboutSuzhou, what you do not know is inSuzhou, any one over the age of 60 get free buss ride, any student will ride for free.. For RMB$1 and at maximum RMY 2, you travel a distance from Jurong to Changi point, about 2 hours journey. Their diesel is at the same price as ours. I though we taughtSuzhou? As for Shen Zhen orBeijing, for RMY2, you travel for at least 1 hour. All are air con buses. Forget about allChinacitizens above 65 yrs get 55 RMY per month, small sum right, but no string attached."
"Lost youth is sad. My lost youth – everyone’s lost youth – is sad. It is sad that Jamie, Stacy, Bob and others are dead. It is sad that I have fallen out with some of the people in the photos who were my best friends at the time. It is sad that I am in London and they are not."
"and he was a jackass the entire 5 days.."
"*a note: I think that the words ‘creative’ and ‘aesthetic’ could probably be interchangeable in this post."
"6) Lush rain forests"
"She did go to school this afternoon though."
"Other supporters took offence and reported him to a steward and the 55-year-old from Hartland Road in Isleworth, west London, was arrested by Scotland Yard’s football intelligence unit."
"Después de que Miller se uniera a la Fuerza Aérea a finales de 1942, Bobby trabajó como músico de plantilla de la NBC (1942-1943) y participó en la organización de los Town Hall Concerts de Eddie Condon, pudiéndosele escuchar en los volúmenes 1-5, 7 y 8 de los 10 grabados. Tras un año en la NBC, reemplaza a Red Nichols en la Casa Loma Orquesta de Glen Gray, donde permaneció hasta 1946. En Mayo de 1947 toca con Louis Armstrong en el NYC Town Hall Concert, además de actuar como director musical. Entre 1949 y 1951 toca frecuentemente con Red Allen y Wiley Lee. En la primera mitad de los 50 realiza una serie de grabaciones producidas por Jackie Gleason ('Music for Lovers Only'), con un total de seis álbumes. Son el más claro exponente del Easy Listening y en los créditos de los discos, el único músico al que Gleason le reconoce su labor es a Bobby Hackett. En 1952, participa con su banda en una de las emisiones musicales de la WMGM ('Dr. Jazz') que posteriormente lanzaría como disco el sello Storyville. En esa época actúan dos noches por semana en el Lou Terrasi's, mientras el resto de noches son el respaldo de Billy Butterfield o Pee Wee Erwin. Con Eddie Condon y Lee Wiley, abren el primer Festival de Jazz de Newport, en julio de 1954."
"Illustrations of the station"
"I've really fallen off the outfit wagon, haven't I? I've been so obsessed with getting our house done that I can't think of anything other than paint, flooring and an occasional end table."
"Describe your personal style"
"For a non-Muslim to rule a country with a Muslim majority is illogical and unacceptable, in terms of religion, as well as democracy. Otherwise, you should let me make a Muslim the ruler of Britain. Would you accept such a thing?"
"Marovanyati Nyamasoka"
"nummykitchen.blogspot.com"
"Trying something new is only one of the benefits of taking your child to the local Farmer’s Market!"
"The answer is Jesus. As I read those words, I can feel grace pouring over me like cool, clean water. The past is gone. Yesterday has been washed away. It’s over. Done."
"The internet has a lot of great data available at your fingertips. Since I was a magpie of a child – everything sparkly caught my eye – my family and friends invested in a number of reference books. Through researching individual pieces, I’ve accumulated a knowledge bank that I access while out sale-ing. If you’re wanting to have a meaningful collection of costume jewelry, I suggest the books I’ve listed below, or head to your local library and see what they’ve got!"
"recessed panel. I had planned for this to be the bottom as you can see in this picture."
"Next on my YA book pile:"
"The first Standardbred races were contested along long roads, with men challenging their friends to see who had the swifter steed. Often the streets of major cities were cleared and races conducted. That's why so many American cities have a \"Race Street\"."
"It’s for America’s soul"
"Regardless of where worldly saints attempt to gather such a notion, they site Christ as the source."
"My grubby halo, a vapour trail in the empty air,"
"By calling out for help, coming close and kneeling at Jesus’ feet, this leper breaks the law. When Jesus reaches out and touches him, he, too, breaks the Levitical law. Jesus obeys instead the higher law of a compassionate heart. By cleansing this man’s disease, Jesus reconciles the leper to his community and to God. The priest’s declaration of ritual cleanliness reinstates the outcast in his family and in the society. The theologically trained scribes wonder how Jesus can superseded God’s wrath and punishment (3:22, 30)"
"On Monday, my friend Ari from London was passing through Florence. We’d been messaging each other back and forth on Facebook, gushing about how excited we were to see each other again. And we made a plan — my class ended at 6:30. We’d meet at the Duomo, the huge church in the center of Florence, at 6:45. I was counting the hours."
"As social media continues to evolve, I think more and more people will come to know and understand this vocabulary that I’m talking about – and then, hopefully, the Internet will have more and more well-constructed websites."
"I found two pairs of boots for winter, without prices. I tried them on, they fit perfectly and I took them up to the counter. Sometimes it hard to know how much things are going to be at oppy's, so I just had my fingers crossed that they weren't going to be more than $10 each. I figured that this is still a bargain, and saves me looking for winter shoes in the department stores."
"On September 12, 1905, approximately 100 people met in a loft over Peck’s Restaurant, at 140 Fulton Street, in lower Manhattan. The purpose of the meeting was to strategize the overthrow of the Christian worldview that still pervaded much of American culture and to replace it with the ideas of a then rather unknown writer by the name of Karl Marx. They called the organization they formed that day the Intercollegiate Socialist Society."
"Tip: Do not dress like this..."
"Monkey Munch. Muddy Buddies. Or even Monkey Buddies. Whatever the name, I could eat a gallon of this stuff. Make it in a quick minute! Here's the recipe!"
"I'm going there no more to roam"
"or the moon cries"
"I am God, even thy God. Ps. 50:7"
"1. If there's a hop shortage -- and there is -- screw it: I am going to grab all the super-hoppy beers I want and can get. Hopheads who got all defensive when I talked about hoppy beers being simple? Pile on, I can take it. Just don't get between me and the IPA taps."
"Those with a grasp of the underlying chemistry (which we will not be discussing in detail in this document) and the barest familiarity with Google will quickly discover that all sorts of chemical precursors for home-made explosives are available online to whoever wishes to order them, certainly in retail quantities and sometimes in bulk. However, attempts on the part of parties not well-established in the chemical or agricultural industries to order large, or in extreme cases any, quantities of such chemicals will have a high probability of resulting in the suppliers contacting the authorities. This principle can be generally illustrated in the context of ammonium nitrate, which is by far and away the most important chemical substance in this context."
"In other words, I combined the RVC + Meringue Cupcakes with Raspberry Curd to be ……."
"haha, kind of sounds a bit lame when i actually put it into words. you’re already blogging madison, helllloooooo…"
"He has no leisure to love, still less to make himself loved. The taste for fine arts, which is so closely allied to the pleasures of the heart, is forbidden him. If, emerging from his industrial sphere, a young man displays a passion for Mozart or Michelangelo, he loses public esteem. Fortunes are not made by listening to sounds or looking at colors. And how chain to the accountant’s stool one who has once known the charms of a poetic life?"
"That’s my recipe for the week. If you made a vegan recipe and would like to share be sure to link up below. Happy Friday!"
"Reading Caregiver's blog about faith and hope today couldn't help but lead me back to XTC's 'Dear God'. You may find this odd (or perhaps not) coming from one who professes a faith in God (you may not have known that, of course) but I think 'Dear God' is a great, great song. I don't mean to abuse Andy Partridge's intention in writing this song - I'm guessing that when he says he is an atheist, he means it - but I, for one, have always found faith and doubt to be very close bed-fellows. I've never been one who has been fortunate enough to to be absolutely certain about the things of the spirit all of the time. There is also the added dimension of how angry we can get with God at times - a rage that I find fully expressed in 'Dear God'. If you look at the words of the Psalmist alone, that all too human confusion and anger is right there in scripture. I suppose it boils down to me being a 'believer' but a rather rubbish one (I have issues with 'the Church', too). I hope God will forgive me (He knows there's quite a list of things I need forgiveness for). And what's more - don't get me started on friggin' nut-job fundamentalists of any hue."
"I had much the same problem in Aspen, compounded by trying to keep up with Dana and Bonny, my two fitter sisters-in-law, and the high altitude which made me huff and puff even more than usual."
"3-4 pound venison backstrap"
"The above preparation was made in Lalgudi with homegrown mangoes."
"Workbox/File 12:Family Project-Make Egyptian jewelry (items in ziploc bag)"
"más que sombra y que tierra,"
"Luck relies on egress—laughing"
"“You know it, my love,” she said as she ran her fingers across my cheeks and gave me a passionate kiss while leading me to the bedroom. She had her hands down my back and started undressing me skilfully without letting her lips leave mine. I took her nightgown off. Her bare body was exposed and my heartbeat was soaring upon seeing her bare chest. My lips made its way down her neck, slowly, and down to her breast. Soft and tender. I licked her breast and wrapped my lips around her nipple, circling it with my tongue. At the same time, my hand reached for her other breast and squeezed it. She moaned with pleasure."
"In the words of Gloria Gaynor:"
"Without ever being read by a soul at all"
"We also take on a small number of titles per year sourced from submissions to all of our imprints and have regular in-house editorial meetings to review all of our titles and monitor those achieving good reviews, sales and feedback for potential upgrade to DA Diamond status."
"I found the title for the Work in Progress – The Tower. Two scenes and a theme came floating into mind too. It was a good day. I walked in the sun, yes just breezed along on the shady side of the street and enjoyed a bit of exercise – gotta fit on that plane in six weeks! But then I also enjoyed a cheeseburger which that devil, Impulse made me buy but if that’s the worst thing I eat today it’ll be okay…and there is no chocolate, cakes or biscuits in the house. So that’s all right then."
"I’m waiting to see if my first father emails me this week. He never actually answered my question about how often he wants to email. He just asked to start over. So I don’t actually know if I’m going to hear from him. But either way, it doesn’t feel as big to me anymore. I don’t check my email all the time looking to see if he emailed. I don’t wonder if each new message is him (though it helps that he skips my inbox so I know for a fact if it’s in my inbox it isn’t him). I don’t really care right now. I’m sure I’ll go back to caring eventually. And I know it makes me sound cold. But for right now, I’m enjoying the not caring part. Maybe things can get to a “normal” place now. It would be nice…"
"Wright says the 63-year-old deputy was not forced to retire. He will be retained as a reserve deputy and continue to work for the sheriff's department in a reduced role."
"for these murders."
"We did however try and make our own pasta. The pasta looked the right colour, texture was good and when we fed it through the machine it seemed to make pretty good spaghetti. The water was on the convection stove but was taking forever to boil. We’d piled the spaghetti on the bench while we were waiting and when we went to get it…it had melted into each other. The pasta machine had also decided that our softening pasta was not going to work and we couldn’t push anymore dough through the spaghetti side. We decided to try and save ourselves and put it through the fettucine section."
"Bad habits, I have a' plenty. To name but a few:"
"The materials I have used are:"
"04 I've Told Every Little Star 4:40"
"Cece’s eyes shot open, his hand at her back stilled. “Wait Tar! I’ll come out to get it. Don’t come in…I’m…I’m…err.. I’m not dressed!”"
"In socialist society there will be no social stigma attaching to any kind of work. Nor will there be pressures, such as exist at present, to continue - because they are cheap and therefore profitable to the capitalist -industrial processes which are harmful or dangerous to those engaged in them. In any event, with human needs and enjoyment as the guiding principle, there will be no need for anybody to be tied to the same job continuously. The opportunities for men ands women to develop and exercise their talents and to enjoy doing so will be immense."
"I thought it was a good trio for a masculine or a kids card."
"3) Italicize those you plan on reading"
"So, I'm sitting here at my desk....and I can see the stack of STUFF piled up to work on, out of the corner of my eye....right in plain sight. And, I simply cannot touch it. I do not want to balance the checkbook, or update my mileage log, or work on papers for the accountant to prepare the tax return.....I just cannot go there in this frame of mind....."
"Heaven is a sweet, maple syrup kiss"
"This song bears a beautiful testimony of the real events of the Savior’s resurrection. It tells how the Savior spoke to Mary in the garden and to others. These became witnesses to the reality of his resurrection as they watched him eat and felt the physical wounds in his body. The final phrase testifies that because Jesus lives again, we will also be resurrected."
"Sir Richard Grenville's Revenge was thus revenged, as Ralegh had sworn; but his own account shows little enjoyment in it. Horror and pity seem his strongest feelings at the 'very lamentable spectacle'; and it was his long-boats from the Warspite that were the first to be rowed through the flames and blinding black smoke from the kegs of powder exploding on the ruined galleons, to try and rescue such Spaniards as were yet alive."
"Then we went downtown and checked in to say hello to their cousin, Kaetlyn at the bookstore and then it was to the Science Centre. This is the second time taking both of them there and the third time for Sloan and they love it. The theme right now is 'in space' and there are lots of space toys and costumes and even a space station tent thingy. We were there for more than 2 hours."
"* 15x Deviously Dark Bronzers:"
"Me: Does that mean you want to do the dishes?"
"“The Long Road to the Merry Cemetery” means five days of “different” music – Grigore Lese and his contributors, Shaun Davey’s music – played live by 120 artists, pottery workshops, dance, traditional music, traditional cooking, trout and more Eco living tips, in harmony with nature and self."
"A crowd flowed over London Bridge, so many,"
"Stir everything to combine thoroughly and pour it into little cups. Chill it overnight for best result or for at least a couple of hours. Serve chilled."
"My mother looked like a mafia widow most evenings, she has a tiny bite on her face which meant huge black sunglasses had to be put on when we went out. She said she was scared someone would think my dad had hit her. In my head, every evening went the refrain of \"only the lonely\" but her glasses weren't as nice as Roy's."
"The dating shows bring up a deeper social question about our times: America is past being ready for a black president, but is it ready for a black “Bachelor”? The biggest challenge in the show’s casting process is to find bachelors who viewers in America’s vast mainstream national audience will care enough about to stay tuned-in for the duration of each season."
"However, the full call actually has Zimmerman stating: \"This guy looks like he's up to no good, or he's on drugs or something. It's raining and he's just walking around, looking about.\""
"\"This one is from me to you\", she says."
"I never meant to do those things to you"
"What a season."
"Where are the jobs bills that the freshmen legislators promised? Where are the infrastructure projects to repair our crumbling country? Where are intelligent ideas to move our economy forward? All these seem to be caught under the determination of Republicans to do nothing—except try to defeat the opposition."
"Healthy Hair Food No. 3: Beans"
"Both parties made a terrible decision that night – Luke to think he could safely skipper the boat, and Kate to get into the boat with a person she didn’t know."
"Somehow, my fascination with confidence doesn't seem to be as compelling as my fascination with doubt. Many of us may consciously (or subconsciously) desire to possess the arrogant bravado of a cocky showman. Perhaps it's not to the extent that we wish to flounce about stage in a Harlequin leotard, sure, but there is a lot to be said for having faith that there is value in who we are and what we do. I suppose I yearn for those subtle indicators of doubt in those I admire, as a reminder that although these doubts are universal, we are all capable of achieving great things."
"Peter Oborne"
"1. I’m a bully. There’s no doubt about it, I’m not against bullying even if I’m being bullied at times. I’m a bully for a reason. I don’t just bully for fun."
"- Misty Morning (Cave Aged Cheddar) paired with Mad Hatter IPA"
"A text arrived from her saying that she would buy her own perscriptions with John. I will check on her tomorrow to see if her fever went up. The Dr. said it might. I wonder if she will sell her antibiotics as well or just the narcotics. Once again, when faced with dire medical consequences she goes for the highest high she get. The suboxone and clonoprin would have calmed her and helped her get by. Getting by and or regaining her health is not her priority."
"Ah yes – the dummy has had a boob job and a makeover – she now has one of my bras stuffed with Bob’s boxer shorts and a couple of towels to make her more my measurements…bless."
"I’m in space."
"Over the years, through experiments in landscape photography, I noticed a few things. This is for sharing."
"I went to the dentist today. And no, I haven't been flossing. I could say having things stuck into my mouth by a cute girl is fun, but I would be lying. Flossing may make your gums bleed, but getting them jabbed with their alien prodding devices makes it look like you've been chewing glass. I guess if I did actually floss my gums would be all scarred and bled-out so this wouldn't happen. At least it isn't a week long mouth period like after I got my wisdom teeth out (which I even wrote about while I was still loopy from the pain killers.) I guess the horror stories of what happens when I don't floss aren't strong enough to stop me from forgetting what floss actually is."
"And yet, before you think it, let me say it – I would die if I thought any of my grandchildren, nieces or nephews were spending summers crawling through wrecked vehicles or walking alongside public highways. But, as you know, it was another time – a gentler, safer time."
"“This better be worth it,” Hyun-Gi Rahn, manager of Elegance Entertainment said to the talent scout, Narm Seung as she followed him up the stairs to seats in a local high school auditorium in Los Angeles."
"and get caught up on celebrity gossip!"
"So over there, on that list, I did my best writing. That was by observing how others wrote and learning. Those stories are in the Treasure Chest, that were kept. I can’t believe the number of really famous people in this genre I was writing next to, now. I got three chapters of Man in the Moon published in this book of Susannah’s. That was just huge to me. I remember. Being in a real book! Also part of that, the opener was over in SlowTrains.com here. I got to interview Kate Braverman, once."
"\"One wonders why this case has taken so long to get to court as five years is unreasonable in the extreme?\""
"Also, this post is prepared ahead of time and I’m telling you this and ruining the illusion because I’m seeing The Hunger Games tonight and I’m very, very excited. I will probably be exuberant about it tomorrow if you catch me on G+, Facebook, or Twitter. I read the entire trilogy a few weeks ago and I loved it. The movie looks amazing. I’m kind of squeeing, at least as much as my sardonic and stoic countenance can squee."
"This is the sort of thing I ponder when I’m on the toilet."
"And there I spied a pretty maid"
"To share my room in the house not right in the head,"
"I'm waiting here for my prince to come"
"The crap that they wrote was plain wicked"
"Senior Health And Wellness Fair Sponsored by Queen of All Saints Church"
"But before we do, we owe a huge thank you to everyone who downloaded the first series of the podcast. It was a blast to make, and it’s wonderful thinking that there are people out there enjoying it too. As a bit of a thank you, I thought I’d explain what’s happening with us at the moment."
"The cascade is slightly revised, again with the two conjoined winglets. Now the larger outboard winglet is curved near the join with the endplate, creating a deeper angle of attack and correspondingly a larger vortex spilling of the wingtip to direct airflow around the tyre."
"At the most recent sale I bought a four-CD set of Elvis Presley's greatest hits, a rain gage for the garden, a book on how to build stuff from lumber, and a hummingbird feeder. I have thus far listened to two CD's, the rain gage has about an inch of water sitting in it, and the book has been read and now sits in the reference library (the cabinet across from the toilet). The hummingbird feeder is another story."
"And lastly...."
"Character-led fiction is those series of stories that are initiated by the publisher and often written by a whole team of writers. The first famous one was probably Animal Ark, written not by Lucy Daniels but by a collection of writers-for-hire. Publishers like character-led fiction because they don't have to pay very much for it and these series usually sell lots of copies."
"We shouldn’t serve in any capacity to get a trophy. If we do, we’re forfeiting heavenly reward, trading eternal glory for a temporary self-esteem boost."
"This got us into a lengthy discussion as to the merits of hockey and comparisons with (American) Football."
"P.s. This week with a special guest star too... Mhmm... Let me know if you figure him out!"
"Frisch weht der Wind"
"They also took the family's Mazda 6 vehicle - registration VVS239GP, he said."
"At the home of these new friends we experienced a whole new level of tension-free living. Of relaxed relationships between kids and parents. Of the kind of ease and mutual support most families I know would love to bring into their lives, if only it didn't meant giving up a lot of deeply held beliefs about how things are supposed to be."
"but I can't stay away"
"Now, my world revolves around You."
"I swore I wouldn’t take the bait. There have been plenty of opinions rolling around the universe about the now-infamous Time Magazine cover, and I wasn’t going to add mine to the mental clutter being churned out daily on the internet. I had resolved to myself to spare you the various responses I’ve had since that photo broke; but ultimately, I cracked."
"Here's how this works:"
"It's bound to come, the show where they find someone buried beneath 500 1.75 L bottles of Old Grand-Dad from the National Distillers distillery in Frankfort, circa 1985. (That's the sort of thing whiskey hoarders hoard.)"
"Today I will make my way to the Drafting Room and Sly Fox Phoenixville for ticket day part two. It will not be as long as yesterday, that's for sure. The real world is calling me and I don't mean the tv series."
"You can see on this crime website that it is fact that Loughton has a higher crime rate than Debden. It doesn't show the trouble to be concentrated to the high road either."
"KT: How did this project come about? How were you contacted to participate in this anthology?"
"Independent People ~ by Halldor Laxness (Iceland)"
"I couldn’t deal with her reasoning right then. All I could do was plead my case for not going home, describing all of the injustices that I felt were stacked up against me."
"“Great working with you guys!”"
"Sexy. I know."
"7. Do you play video games?"
"4. Now to cut your shapes for the tree itself. For this I used Fundamentals 1 cartridge and from the Flowers section I used image 4 together with the circle from the basic shapes on the left hand side tool bar. I cut the following sizes."
"Two recent schizophrenic experiences I've had recently. a) going to the darzi, and b) listening to grown men talk explicitly about their sexual experiences."
"because all you need is hearing for moans"
"Posted by Cristian M."
"Mr Cameron wrote: \"The last 24 hours must have been extraordinarily difficult and painful for you."
"Now we have Rosie, and now we have yet another style of training. So far, anyway--at least, in puppy kindergarten--the training has been all treat-training. We give treats for sit and treats for down and treats for wait and treats for this and treats for that, and we play the \"drop it!\" game in which we distract the pups from chewing on our socks and shoes and other contraband by scattering treats across the ground and merrily singing, \"Drop it!\" And ostensibly they abandon the sock and scramble after the treats and eventually they will abandon the sock on the command, no treats necessary."
"some third world country who has fallen out of favor with the groups"
"25.What is your most marked characteristic?"
"Click on Advanced options to show our details for this key pair."
"Mellie laughed and looked around for a hidden camera, thinking this must be a joke. “Right. Ah…heh…okay, bud, brilliant costume,” she said, imitating the branch’s accent. “Where’s the zipper?” She reached toward him and touched a soft leaf."
"Square-Jean xxiii Jardin"
"She knew the rules; never let the village children see her, keep within the forest, and keep her secret or end up like her dead mother."
"Prior to that, I was a commissioned officer in the Navy with three years in SEAL Team 12, the off-world team, under the aegis of Naval Space Command."
"The court directed the ISI, the MI and the FC to submit a detailed report on missing persons."
"Teachers would have a greater chance at observing and identifying abuse if they had the same awareness and prevention information. In fact the entire school should be required to have the same information. Therefore, I believe that all degree and certificate programs should require a teacher to be certified in a course albeit continuing education or part of obtaining their degree to include child sexual abuse education."
"When I posted about The Dead Zone, I mentioned that it was the first book to introduce the town of Castle Rock, and that all of the books that King writes about Castle Rock take place in the same “universe”. Cujo is the second book to feature Castle Rock (the main events of the story occur in Castle Rock this time, rather than just a side story). King establishes the “universe sharing” right off the bat too. The first paragraph of Cujo is actually a recap of the Castle Rock events from The Dead Zone (as in “Once upon a time there was a bad man in Castle Rock named Frank Dodd” – those aren’t the exact words, but I don’t have the book on me at the moment, but you should get the idea). The recap reminds us of Frank Dodd and gives us a rundown of all the girls he murdered. We are then reminded that Johnny Smith came to town and stopped him. We then find out that the story of Frank Dodd has stuck around and Frank has become a sort of boogeyman to the local children (as in, be a good little boy/girl or Frank Dodd will come and murder you in your sleep). Many, many times throughout the book the characters either make reference to or have remembrances about Frank Dodd."
"Total change of subject but I am out of conditioner (which sparked this post). Am I the only one who runs out of conditioner before shampoo? I seem to end up with lots of bottles of shampoo but never enough conditioner. Do you buy just new conditioner or both?"
"Bunny: Vermillion, Rose pink, Baby pink (and Sandstone and Light fawn for it's tummy)"
"Just another project I am working on for my office at work. So far I have shown you the large frame with coffee filter wreath and the saying I framed in a distressed frame. I decided I need something on the wall behind my desk to put notes and reminders without it looking messy and tacky!"
"Of course you're going to be exciting and you may have trouble going to sleep but don't start testing out sleep aids. Have a calm night -- watch a movie (nothing to suspenseful), have some decaf tea or a glass of wine and relax and try to go to bed early."
"Historians do not believe this second passage has been changed."
"The passion she has for her art is plain to see in the way she describes what she does. Each time you put on one of her pieces, you will be wearing a unique piece of art that came directly from an artist's inspiration!"
"- Wine bottle"
"It has a loop for hanging also."
"I found this doing research on a project I’m working on. It’s about curcumin, an extract of tumeric, and is known as a “cancer fighter.”"
"This came about really fast. This is a knee-jerk reaction to a couple of people who aren't responsible anyway. If you know someone who died from taking these products, did it really surprise you?"
"One of my goals in 2009 is to try at least 1 new recipe a week. I have so many wonderful, healthy, lowfat/low-cal cookbooks, and I’m looking forward to trying out a bunch of new meals."
"I'm back at work. I wish I were back at home. But the bank account dictates where I go, and where I go now is the office. So."
"In fricassee"
"because you don't know what to do with it."
"One day I was walking home from work (notice I said walking, poor and NO car) I spotted by the dumpster a most lovely couch. (It had legs and every thing! I was in love! ) We were so excited for night to fall that night. (To get the couch-focus here)"
"Nearing"
"So... wood won."
"Sye said \"I don't discuss Scripture with those that don't hold it as authoritative.\" Which is a great point, as I get bogged down often here doing just that, with good reason."
"And I will now leave you with a blog post from Jenna Fischer (best known for playing the Secretary in the American series of The Office) which came from DailyActor.com. I hope you find it useful and inspiring."
"They are generally productive but can lose focus, become scattered, with less follow-through than the other subtype."
"So… I guess that was quite a lot of questions and sentiments. All that came from me contemplating on whether or not I should give you a pack of cookies. I don’t know. Ordinary things just get me thinking, that’s all."
"So, I am almost done with his hair and I call Evan."
"Next in the series: choosing the \"floor\" of the garden. Wishing everyone a lovely weekend and as always, thank you for visiting!"
"Congrats to all the winners and a HUGE thank you to all the wonderful sponsors!"
"One day, an evil sorcerer disguised himself as a poor boy. He told the girl that his mother was sick, and he didn’t know what to do. The girl said “I’ll get you a fruit and you can use its power to heal your mother.” The girl climbed the tree, got one fruit, went back down, and gave it to the boy. In an instant, the boy changed into an evil sorcerer. “Hahahaha,” he said, his evil laugh resonating throughout the woods, “I have tricked you. Now I will become the most powerful sorcerer on earth!” He took a bite from the fruit, and he turned into a really good boy."
"\"Oh thanks Hun.\" I felt the cup on the nightstand beside me. There wasn't a trace of warmth in it. \"Sorry Babe, it's even too cold for me, but the thought was lovely. And I appreciate you not waking me up...\""
"As they grow older, the exact dates of their first steps may fade in importance, but I can’t imagine the day I won’t cherish the memory of their still-damp after-bath kisses."
"Jayme lives and works in Sacramento, California where she creates wonderful little imaginary scenes we all would like to travel to. She illustrates unique characters then brings them to life. The final product are hand cut creatures so lovable, you wish you could be transformed as well."
"\"We are not without means to reciprocate,\" he said."
"Out of all the students, Yunu is the moodiest. He gets frustrated easily, though out of all of them he probably has the highest level. He and Guncheol seem to be good friends, the kind that joke around and give each other shit. At least, that's what it looks and sounds like, considering my Korean is not much better than their English. They might be actually fighting for all I can tell."
"As the school year came to an end we were surprised and honored that the senior class of Laconia Christian School dedicated their yearbook to us! It read:"
"So, there you go—the leaders in the clubhouse for 2010. Several marquee releases await (seriously, just release the new Franzen already), but someone's going to have to bring some serious heat to top Matterhorn."
"Wifesy called me back in 7 minutes to say, “I relented and paid the moving fee.”"
"Jamil Nasir - The Allah Stairs ***: A very good dark fantasy about a boy who escapes into a magical realm to get revenge on an abusive father. Has the feel of Victorian weird fiction, where two guys are walking down the street and they spot something weird that they don't fully comprehend."
"In case anyone reading this doesn't get the reference, \"Bud\" Melman was a very funny recurring character on Late Night played by actor Calvert De Forest. He later followed Letterman to CBS and made appearances on the show until his death in 2007."
"“Where’s Kenny? I came here to talk to Kenny.”"
"yes, i know. how terrible. how vain. but the fuzzy glimpse i just got of my child was not a pretty sight. all i could imagine was this petite little face with a great big joker mouth."
"So I hadn't planned on shopping anything more exciting than a litre of white paint for my living room. But then I came across a store that actually sold Villeroy & Boch crystal wine glasses at a discount of more than 50 %. I stopped dead in my tracks and rushed into the store. Almost hyperventilating, I ran to the counter: Do have more of those V & B glasses left? They had. So home I went, with 12 new designer glasses at a price which can only be classified as a real steal. I was so excited, I completely forgot the paint."
"I have thought about switching a unit of Sword Masters to White Lions (same points cost), but am not sure. The 2 attacks each from the Sword Masters is just so good."
"All I can do is try to determine what is best for my family."
"Those first few days and nights were difficult for me."
"During the nineteenth and twentieth centuries the Society became involved in other spheres of activity. Chief amongst these was an active contribution to the University Extension scheme and the establishment of a thriving lecture programme that continues to this day. Over the years it has attracted many eminent speakers; a scan through the list reveals names such as Oscar Wilde, Edith Sitwell, F.R. Leavis, Mary Kingsley, Dorothy Sayers and John Betjeman."
"Through two hours and four rolls of paper towels, you stood by me as we soaked up that paint until the sun went down, literally. Together, we cleaned my car until no one could ever tell a trace of paint had fallen on that gray fabric. Oxy, I truly believe that if we can get through this, we can get through anything. Thank you for standing strong with me and still working though you've sat in that shed for so very long. Thank you for not poisoning me with toxic fumes, but most of all, Oxy, thank you for saving my marriage. Because had you not worked, I'm fairly certain Paul would have left me."
"I am definitely more of the latter than the former (why must my husband insist on throwing his watch and wallet in different places throughout the apartment every day?!) and have been looking for fun and functional trays to store and organize around our home. While trays can of course be used to beautifully present food, they can also be used to group and display items belonging to a certain category (e.g. a small every day tray could hold your watch and jewelry) or group items, like perfumes and beauty products, together. I like a polished look for the bedroom or bathroom while a sleek look (like the black tray below) could be used in my living/dining area all year round for displaying knicks and knacks elegantly or even treats like cupcakes! I use our floral Liberty of London tray in our kitchen for holding our breakfast treats and fresh fruit - the print is just too fun!"
"Giving the gift of Scentsy will remind her each day how special she is by filling her home with the fragrance your sure she will love! To ensure your package arrives on time I would order no later then May 7th. Contact me for specials not listed on my website."
"He said opposition’s attempts to smear Najib in the coming general election is visible as he is going all out to regain lost ground in Pakatan Rakyat-led states, particularly Selangor and Perak."
"Incidentally, I haven’t secured a translator yet. When I do, I’ll write more about how I made all that work (because my goal is to accomplish what I want to accomplish without investing money…or, at least, much money. You have to be creative when you’re only making $30 a month!!) It looks promising."
"Fires Were Started"
"I LOVE to cook painfully hard recipes"
"That's what I was told, and I'd love to know if it's the truth! I care very much because St. Wenceslaus is my name saint. Have you heard this before?"
"They add a bit more sparkle"
"If the men only started going bald when they were 30 or 40, there was no difference in their risk of developing prostate cancer compared to the healthy group. Read more>>"
"12 Wall Of Sound 1:46"
"Another says he was chased by a group of Asian youths who screamed insults and spat at him."
"It is very hard not to go completely mental in here. Maybe it is the heat of the greenhouse or the crushing scents of herbs and flowers you haven’t smelled all winter but I always leave with a carload of stuff."
"I can find no current info. online about the situation, but this is probably another building that will be lost to time, to circumstance, and from what I've read, perhaps a little bit of greed on the part of the property owner. He would rather tear the barn down than to simply give it to the town."
"My dearest baby bean,"
"‘By this time I had little hope of anything changing but, two days later, as I lay in the bath before my 38 week hospital appointment, my stomach heaved with astonishing vigour as the baby conducted what was evidently a major manœuvre. I didn’t dare to believe that it had turned a full somersault but, to my delight and the total amazement of the consultant and all in attendance, an ultrasound scan later that morning revealed the baby settled in the normal position for birth.’"
"Why? Partly for his education, partly because of his parents’ ambition, and also perhaps partly out of guilt."
"The date was fun with Don but, I've got to say, it was kind of nice having the first bit to myself, so my eyes were wide open to see everything possible around me. And the fried chicken and waffles tasted just as yummy as I sat and ate them alone on my stoop the next morning,"
"The rules for the award are:"
"A few views of the crib bedding. I DIY'd most of this after an exhaustive search for some cute, non-girly yellow & gray crib bedding. I made the bumpers with some white quilted fabric using this tutorial and these foam pads. The piping and ties I made using single fold bias tape in Canary. I blogged about the skirt here."
"Well, even though it was a failure, I wanted to upload and show it to you guys."
"Maybe events more than 1500 kilometres north east will prove her right: maybe you never should give up hope."
"Local TV news drops the ball again"
"Don't do a blogfest because everyone else is - decide if you want to do it. Don't blog about your querying process if you don't feel comfortable making it public. Your blog is your space. Use it as you want to."
"like, take-all-your-clothes-off-on-the-porch-before-you-come-in mess"
"\"Rocky Road can be an obstacle or an ice cream...\""
"Callow for eternity"
"Yet, I know my romanticizing of the East, is not the same as those who don’t have any family members from Asia. The photos of my mother, still young and pretty in her cheong-sam and striking a pose with her babies in Canada, is the beginning of why my dreams aren’t out to lunch."
"This is a cute article but as this blog is about language I thought I would suggest we stop being the amygdala and try to be Wernicke’s area instead."
"Téa Obreht’s novel The Tiger’s Wife, is set in an unnamed Balkan country that is emerging from a devastating ethnic war. Natalia, the narrator of this novel, is a 30-year-old native of The City (which could be Belgrade, but isn’t). She is a doctor, a graduate of the medical school in The City where her grandfather was once a distinguished professor. Like father, like daughter."
"Nov 21 – Gravity – Cheswick, PA (W/Cobra Starship)"
"He said the decision was made at the commission’s special meeting on Wednesday where they discussed each of the recommendations made by the Parliamentary Select Committee (PSC) on Electoral Reform."
"CAT scans"
"When I got there he was still in the ER, all hooked up to wires and tubes. He looked ok though, lethargic from the drugs they gave him, but otherwise his normal self. Just being there calmed me."
"The mere fact that my counter gets a bigger number each time only means that someone's taking time to visit my blog either by chance or by searching for something via Google, it doesn't matter really. I'm happy to know that someone spends time looking at my cards or projects and find inspiration from them. Thanks very much!"
"The blood is in your mobile and not just your mobile, but your computer, your T.V. and many other forms of technology we all use everyday. I’m am not saying to boycott these technologies but this is a serious issue among many in this world that need attention and to be resolved. Unfortunately i could not find a link to this doc but if you can you should definitely watch it"
"5. Even though it is well produced, more than a few of the drum tracks are straight up Beat Jacks, Ultra, Double XX Posse, and Jungle Brothers amongst others"
"We are created to give Him pleasure, to give Him glory. The reason you are alive is to supply God true heartfelt spiritual worship."
"“Si amas una flor que vive en una estrella, es bello mirar el cielo durante la noche."
"The survey was part of a larger Pembina report that examines best practices from other urban regions."
"Lately my life has been a bit of this:"
"ON Crime Central there is a chance to win both books during April. Just answer one easy question The last date to enter is 30 April and winners will be notified on 1st May."
"Since then, I’ve learned to appreciate frustrators; the people who look at the world different from me. Sometimes they don’t want what I want. Frequently, however, we want the same thing, but they’re frustratingly different."
"An old joke has it that a pessimist sees only the holes in Swiss cheese, whereas an optimist sees only the cheese. Perhaps there are also critics who manage to see the cheese above all, and the holes, if holes there are, only in second place. Howard was surely one of those."
"If we’re willing to listen."
"10 Trained Condition Of Obedience 6:42"
"I came back downstairs, turned on the Garmin, and we were off. There was a light rain for the whole run, but it really felt nice. It was just warm and humid enough, that the rain was more than welcome. It was so nice being out there so early. I don't know when was the last time I ran down Monument Ave and only encountered a handful of cars. We didn't even see any other runners for the longest time. We stayed on Monument until we hit the 1.5 mile mark and then turned to head back. We made a few turns on our way back, so we ended with just over 3 miles. We did 3.39 miles in 34:42. I was even pleasantly surprised to see that we managed negative splits. That doesn't happen too often for me!"
"ENCOURAGE APPLICATION (writing or drawing): Discuss ways to give gifts to the Savior by serving others and showing love to them (see Matthew 25:40). Give each child a piece of paper and invite them to write or draw one gift they will give the Savior. Then have them fold the paper in half and decorate the outside like a gift."
"Keep away from filling your total web page with back links. Make back links mix in to the website. Url pages are not appreciated by visitors or lookup engines. Be confident to hold your subject material aligned with your text in get to give lookup engines far more specialist subject material."
"Although I’m mostly harming myself this way, I slip into child mode and hide the fact that I’m cheating. I find great joy in “getting over” on . . . who? Me, myself and I."
"Lt. General Richard L. Kelly, USMC (Ret.)"
"For my first attempt I chose to look for the best medialunas. Argentines are very proud of this morning and afternoon staple of local culture. They are the most ubiquitous food items that you will find."
"I’m in store for the latest iteration today. My mom is taking me shopping to find some cute ‘going out/date’ outfits. Not that I go out or have dates regularly, but I have found my wardrobe lacking over the last couple of weeks. I work as a stylist and image consultant (among other things), so I know what I like and what looks good, but when I went out with the ‘Talking Points‘ girls, and met up with my ‘Return Policy‘ friends, I found I had nothing cute and a little sexy to wear."
"Every year, thousands of people visits sites such as Ground Zero and Auschwitz in what Dr. Stone calls a compulsion to face their own mortality in a secular pilgrimage. ”People feel anxious before – and then better when they leave, glad that it’s not them,” he told the BBC education correspondent."
"From the screwtop bottle it pours a wan yellow-gold, the meagre head subsiding quickly to an uneven skim. It tastes slightly cidery, and not in a good way. Light on fizz, but that just adds to the wateriness."
"Easy Tiger 709 East 6th Street - 512-614-4972 - This brand new bakery and bar pays tribute to the fermentation that makes bread and beer possible. Hop on down there and have a brat, pretzel, and beer."
"17 If You Want Me"
"Councils and Councillors"
"Check out the trailer below, and then check out the fantastic shows!"
"Seeing my father the first time on stage at the Lyric Opera was one of the most inspiring moments in my life. I was on a field trip with my school classmates. It was a really big deal for all of us, but no one really knew how big of a deal it was for me. As the curtain opened I strained to find my father amidst the full stage of singers and actors. I could not find him. I promised myself I would not give up! I would find him through all the costumes and the theater make up; I would search each person on that stage with my eyes and my heart until I could see my father. But then … they began singing … and I stopped searching; Because I could hear his voice over and above everyone’s. I could hear him vivid, crystal clear and I knew … THAT IS MY DAD!"
"so where am i going with this? who the hell knows. my new way of telling time is, \"it's time to get the fuck moving.\" (which i say to myself, of course, about 45 minutes before we actually have to leave.)"
"there were no lines,"
"My hair is really thick and frizzy, but it gets greasy if I don't wash it every morning. Often, I get a buildup of shampoo and conditioner that makes it feel unclean, even when it's not. I've avoided going without shampoo though, because I'm afraid of the transition period- 2 weeks to 2 months of greasy hair while it gets used to being shampoo-free."
"What is Gestational Diabetes?"
"The efficiency and intricacies of this Akshaya Patra program has attracted the Harvard Business School to make a case study of it. The practices of corporate governance in Akshaya Patra has attracted the CNBC India Business Leader Award-2008 under the category ‘Society Enterprise of the year’. The transparency and accountability has attracted ‘ICAI Award for Excellence in Financial Reporting’ conferred by The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India for the year ended March 31, 2009. The leveraging of technology in education sector has earned itself the coveted Tech Awards Laureates 2009, as one of 15 global innovators recognized each year for applying technology to benefit humanity and spark global change. The Tech Awards, a signature program of The Tech Museum, and presented by Applied Materials, Inc. USA, selected Akshaya Patra from among hundreds of nominations representing 66 countries. These are just a few of the several accolades received by this program which has attracted leaders in business and politics all over the world as a model."
"Well, there you have it, a beet muffin recipe and some potential alterations. This muffin has won me over to beets and, more importantly is a great way to sneak in even just a little bit more vegetable, especially in the desert stage of the meal. The beet muffin is wonderful for kids because 1) it’s as tasty as any banana nut or regular chocolate muffin 2) it’s just as simple to make so kids can join in on the baking fun and 3) the beet muffin’s surprisingly pink color will be a hit for any daughter/niece/granddaughter/etc as it has been with my friend’s granddaughter."
"And worse, this kind of log line doesn't entice me to read on. Again, the goal of a query letter is to entice the reader to want more."
"For whatever reason Antinous entered the waters of the Nile, therefore, he did obtain a form of immortality. Had he passed quietly from his role as favourite he may well have disappeared from history, but with his death and Hadrian’s response to it, he was assured a place in future remembrance—such as this book."
"i’ll remember all the times"
"I had a c-section and as they were taking my baby Patrick said, “The baby has tons of dark hair.”"
"That's the end of part ni. Come back tomorrow for part san :)"
"Kathy is super clever to have come up with all the money making and freebie getting scenarios covered in these pages. She teaches you how to use Ebay and how to score free brand name clothes from places like Gap, Banana Republic, Old Navy and more."
"The Banks and Bankers who caused the crisis left alone."
"For this round (cdacpc3), the theme is Fall/Autumn"
"Aikido is a technique that incorporates moves that are more defensive than offensive. In fact, it seeks not to injure but to prevent or stop a person. This is perhaps why there is rarely a weapon used in the sport. The martial arts is made up mostly of movements and techniques. Still, there are some, who are already advanced, that go into weapons training. Weapons that are used in aikido are the tanto, the wooden jo and the bokken. Often, techniques in taking weapons from opponents and keeping the weapon practitioners are using are taught."
"The slow ships feelered Southward, snails"
"At first pricking my finger to take blood glucose levels made me a bit queezy, but now it is normal. And I like getting the instant feed back of how I am doing. Tip: if you get unexpected numbers wash your hands and test again. Sometimes I just didn't get my finger clean enough. I also found the almond scented soap I was using gave me artificially high readings. I switched to an unscented and haven't had any further issues."
"What is my day going to be like?"
"Oops. I think I have a typo in my header. Oh, but no matter. I’m only reviewing a Chetan Bhagat book. After all, 98% of indians have poor english, right? So the hell with spell checks on this post."
"“And how would you define ‘excellence’ during your visit here?” she asked."
"In mine when I’m asleep."
"You bet."
"knowledge without ignorance"
"Classification: Reversal, Appropriation, Re-framing, Thought Terminating Cliché, Thought Stopper, Obedience Demand, physical sex does not exist, lady brains, mansplain feminism cause females r doin it wrong."
"This young lady was more reticent than Garbo to share her story. Normally, I don't really ask people to participate in i live here:SF. In some cases, I do, but mostly I rely on volunteers and referrals to make the project happen."
"But being on the ground in Oregon still wasn't all the way to his gas station. They dismantled the plane and loaded it up on trucks to take to the station, but couldn't get the city permits to take it onto the road. Art was too far into the project, and into debt, to give up at this point"
"Hell yes, Mount Rainier"
"another thing to add to my to do for the weekend."
"But at the end of the day all that matters is that i have Husbandface and i have Spawn and we have a roof over our heads even if it means that we have no money at all and cant afford Christmas :("
"So that’s my list! For now. There are so many others… but I’ll stick with those 10 for now!"
"white patches of connective tissue. To our children’s eyes,"
"The trade publication’s rankings consist of two parts, weighted equally: a proprietary index of new and/or expanded plant activity, and a survey of corporate site selectors across the country."
"What I didn't like about Airplane:"
"And there is a risk that communal bigotry will be fueled by two further factors. First, rampant politicisation of the state machinery means that the government wants to hire/promote rank AL-ers. The thing is, a generation ago, hardcore AL-ers had a disproportionate number of Hindus — student councils of major institutions were dominated by anti-AL factions in the 1980s. This means, politicisation may be leading to a communal backlash. Second, the (long overdue) expected repel of Vested Property Act may be creating apprehension in the mofussil areas. The fear is that once the act is repelled, local AL-ers will use a Hindu front to grab prime land."
"The stockings are hung by the chimney with care,"
"My anger had now most assuredly returned. \"Her daughter! Her baby daughter is the most important female in her life!\""
"1 quart boiling water"
"She has participated in a number of international meteorological experiments in the Alps and in Australia and accompanied two scientific expeditions to Svalbard and two cruises to the Antarctic Peninsula as historian of science."
"2d Session"
"Which brings me to another topic I have been thinking about."
"I listened as Mrs Sulis seemed to put her hand over the receiver and command something of someone. I faintly heard the stomp of a foot and the screaming of a girl in the background. Apparently Veronica was not so happy after all."
"We will always remember the coconut M&M's we discovered,"
"From Josh Harris’s blog in 2008: Today I got a letter in the mail that Louie and Shelley Giglio sent out to friends of Passion. It was a report of all that God has been doing through the Passion World Tour. It sounds like it’s been incredible. But then the letter ended with an announcement that completely shocked me: Louie is planting a church in Atlanta. Here’s what he wrote:"
"Today I am reminded of my wrong. I have sought help from the wrong source. You have been my only source oh Lord . I owe it to you to run to you in the first instance."
"* Flatmates who stole food"
"-DO NOT LECTURE ME ON PRIVACY AND TRUST"
"So come in and embrace 90210’s mediocrity with me with my weekly character breakdown."
"Hank Williams hasn't answered yet"
"One of the other topics covered in the \"health benefits\" section that I found particularly interesting: Have some red wine or some spinach with your hamburger! Apparently cooking ground beef above medium rare (I wish I liked it the French way!) oxidized much of the fat in the meat. Antioxidant-rich foods and beverages consumed along with the oxidized fats might counteract any associated health risks. The French had it right all along... :)"
"My addiction is more like a curse!"
"After sending his son to school wearing a wire, Stuart Chaifetz found out that his son, Akian, was being bullied …When his 10-year-old son, Akian, started getting into trouble at school, Stuart Chaifetz was stunned. The notes from Horace Mann Elementary School in Cherry Hill, N.J., said that Akian, who has autism, was having violent outbursts and hitting his teacher and his aide – behavior that the boy had never exhibited before."
"I think of summer and feel my heart growing lighter."
"Some fitness programs proclaim they prepare you for the unexpected with some lame WOD or whatever. This is legit and seriously hard!!!"
"The best you can do is hope for the best and contact local people long before you get there to ask for their advice and support. When we took our show on the road on Cape York Peninsula in October 2011, we were blown away by the kindness and encouragement the locals gave us."
"Not only is there a great deal of information available about plant work in progress (specifically pdf files describing steam generators) there's also a plant status box which will show status in real time. There's even a link to a version of the site in Spanish, which is a great touch."
"opting for the ten thousand"
"Lets get started. I have made Risotto before but always feel overwhelmed when I make Risotto for some reason. I think because Risotto is such a time consuming process, oh well here it goes!"
"Some outfits are Shocking"
"Another technique you'll notice, is that I sort of shake the can as I spray, I don't just hold it straight to the subject. I never really noticed that I did that, until I started watching this video. The reason I do it, though, is so that build-up doesn't occur on my painting subject, thus resulting in drips."
"* 2 tbsp garlic powder (2 cloves minced)"
"Serve hot with sambar or any spicy chutney.."
"(Leave a comment on the redhead post below, this happened after she was posted, so she feels isolated and lonely haha :))"
"I went…..to Box Hill to see those rare natural bowers, cabinets and shady walks in the box coppses…..here were such goodly walkes and hills shaded with yew as render the place extreamely agreeable, it seeming to be summer all the winter for many miles prospect"
"I've been working on the covers and b&w illustrations for the first four books in the Spell Sisters series for Simon & Schuster, written by Amber Castle."
"Amy prepares to impress the Doctor with her culinary skills, Rory has a strange encounter while late night shopping and the Doctor pursues an invisible graffiti artist. But who - or what is ‘Monos’? Find out in the first part of brand new comic strip adventure, Sticks and Stones by Scott Gray and Martin Geraghty!"
"There is corruption in which officers get money for not enforcing the law, or officers breaking the law to get people charged, he said."
"We will send a message"
"*faith, in all things"
"How can you be so greedy?"
"Questions:"
"He has had a number of visitors bringing him love & support over the last few days...Nathan, Rhonda, Mary Lou, Rene, Jen, Jodi, and Jenny. As I've said before the visits mean a lot to Sean and all of us!"
"“In this way, borrowing and lending multiply phenomenally our God-given enjoyment of the material creation, and our potential for being thankful to God for all these things and glorifying him through our use of them. In borrowing and lending, we can reflect many of God’s attributes. We can demonstrate trustworthiness and faithful stewardship, honesty, wisdom, love, and mercy.”"
"So why do football clubs never learn, why do they invest millions in one manager and then within 18 months do the same all over again? There are it seems one exception at the moment, Blackburn Rovers. Under unbelievable pressure the board are publicly backing Scotsman, Steve Kean. I am writing this before Kean takes his Blackburn side to Fergie’s Utd on New Years eve and hence if they get a tonking and ad such Kean is sacked or resigns then the following is irrelevant."
"Applying these principles to the kids rioting in our streets does not condone their behaviour but it sure can go a long way to providing a workable solution."
"And it is not only the Lord we must present ourselves to. More important, it is the Welsh crowd. They are coming North en masse, and they scare me witless. Expectations of my children are sure to be high. The Welsh crowd, composed mostly of dowager aunts who look exactly like Miss Haversham, will be decked out in Victorian black lace, having all been born in 1842. They take things like funerals and children very seriously indeed."
"Recipe for wheatmeal pastry"
"Remember a time when you first met a person, something inside you told you cannot trust that person and you finally turned out to be right? Remember when something within said a specific question would be asked in your exam or interview and it turned out to be true? Remember a time when you knew what other person is about to say before that person would even open the lips? If that is not intuition, then you’ve misunderstood the meaning of the word!"
"5. Integrate Across Various Online Platforms"
"What's your favorite recipe? This bread is actually! It was my first baking recipe that I made my own"
"Chorus*"
"But I cannot ignore the elephant in the room: the hall was near-impossible to traverse. Three people could not pass down the aisles simultaneously, so it was very dificult for people to browse your work comfortably most of the time. Exhibitors on the central aisles were crammed in back to back with almost no room for manoeuver, and it was hard to stand up and engage with people face to face because there was inevitably a chair in your way, buckling you at the knees."
"called him Dr., or me Professor."
"“I was interested in what some people might say was a woman of no consequence on a day of no importance engaged in an act of no significance,” he said. “I was really interested in what it would look like to think about that as a historic piece of information. I very consciously tried not to endow her with the traditional things that would make it worth watching her and to see if I could make her interesting enough and the workings of her mind interesting enough that the fact that this isn’t a do or die day, it’s just a day, would matter.”"
"$ 100 Less you get 5 megapixel instead of 7. Except if you are planning to print a large picture of lots more is W5."
"The symptoms of chronic sinus infection, as mentioned earlier, are more or less the same as of acute sinusitis, the only difference being that they last for a longer duration. These include pain around the eyes and the nose, severe headache, pain in the jaws, a thick yellowish discharge from the nose, cough and, in some cases, fever."
"I will fear no evil,"
"And then she headed away over the ridge and out of sight."
"So they did another blood test for my glucosamine levels. This time, rather than registering “HIGH” like last time, it registered 419. It’s great that it was low enough to register (and if you factor in how freaked and agitated I was, that number’s probably much higher than what I’d have tested at home). But my blood sugar should still be down under 150, so we’ve got a little bit of work to do. It’s promising to see that the insulin and diet have been helping, though! The doctor upped my insulin dosage to 2 units twice a day, which is no big deal as I’ve been getting shots twice a day anyhow. She ordered another fructosamine test, and I’m expecting that the number will be much lower than last time – maybe even low enough to be “fair” rather than “omg this cat is made of sugar!”"
"And here’s a bit more detail on the services required:"
"Dark Victory"
"Carter: At the time of his re-election campaign his approval ratings was below 30% and a majority of Americans felt that America was on the wrong track."
"Customer care manager -110066389"
"It’s somewhat out of vogue to talk about the quality of jobs and the shape of the labor market at a time when unemployment is so high and the obvious issue is the number of jobs being created. This wasn’t the case prior to the recession, although rather specious reasons were given to justify the rapidly increasing inequality of wages as the outcome of superior education or productivity. What can’t be denied is that even before the recession, we were sliding into a highly unequal labor market in which many low-paid, insecure workers (50% of American workers made less than $26,000 or 230% of poverty in 2010) serve a small number of ever-richer elites."
"So if you’ve never heard me before, the clock is ticking for your transformation to begin."
"Two – Hot Dogs"
"Mitch: I’ve created a blog."
"Counselors’ Corner"
"We reached the same camping knoll we stayed at a couple of days earlier. This time, however, it was occupied by the park rangers on their whatever mission. Likely there was another spot right next door. One of the park ranges, as soon as he saw our group, came over to talk. I suppose they don’t really see large groups like that often."
"Check out that cover- each month has the same beauty, with different eye colors (so far)."
"Nevertheless, I hope you enjoy it."
"Harkonen K, Viitanen T, Larsen SB, Bonde, JP, Lahdetie J. Aneuploidy in sperm and exposure to fungicides and lifestyle factors. ASCLEPIOS: A European Concerted Action on Occupational Hazards to Male Reproductive Capability. Environ. Mol. Mutagen 1999; 34: 39-46."
"Mike actually begged me not to wear this to the office. He said it was only appropriate for work if I were serving sushi. Thbbbbpt! His opinion was definitely in the minority because I received many, many compliments today. Even perfect strangers (on the street) told me how pretty the dress was. So there, Mike."
"I will be there reading from the new book and Sally J. Collins, the illustrator, will be drawing with children. There will be all sorts of activities for families all through the day. You might even catch a glimpse of Hamish himself!"
"Michael’s Bar & Grill (Burbank): A two day fiesta, both Friday and Saturday, featuring 4 shots of tequila for $20 + a special menu of Mexican style fare. Menu includes $6 Jalepeno Caps, $12 Baja Clams, $12 Fish Tacos and $12 Pork Tostadas. Oh, and did we mention the theme is ‘Fiesta Karaoke’? Better start brushing up on your Shakira…"
"John Patrick Shanley"
"Asaph Chuene and Peter Mongezi are co-founders of the upcoming Establishment for Political Redress (EPR)"
"anyway collectors image requests are starting to come in over on the facebook page so expect some great images very soon, also you might have noticed were not offering as many magazine downloads as we were, if you would like this to change please let me know, digital books and photo books will continue as normal as well as promo music videos and the live performance ."
"Ohmygosh, I have missed blogging like anything! I've still been reading guys, so don't worry! And please don't kill me, I have a good reason for why I was gone. I've just survived the first few weeks of high school."
"- Want to strengthen your muscles? Lie down on your back, knees bent at 90 degrees, hands placed on the temples on each side of your head, and lift your shoulders and upper back to bring your head and your chest closer to your knees. Exhale when rising and exhale completely when going back down. Repeat the exercise 15 times."
"The top vote-getting chapter will also receive a grand prize — an all-expenses-paid trip for six FFA members and an adult advisor to October’s 2011 National FFA Convention in Indianapolis."
"\"Dear Julie,"
"I will share the printable I created for the Goody Bags tomorrow, but for today, here's the recipe:"
"My father and grandfather were perfumers and sampling strips of sandalwood"
"Changeinadvance@gmail.com"
"It has seemed to me for a while that there is no-one that stands up for our charnelled dead. I doubt they ever wanted to be dead. I doubt they would have ever seen themselves as a political statement, red in tooth, blood type and flat line. Their voices, their ideas are largely subsumed by the political actor in the play, the man with the bomb, the woman with the commitment, the other side."
"But, you know, you can’t really ignore that fact that they are aliens. That’s kind of a major thing. So…"
"It’s tough to stay under 600 calories and still get enough to eat here. A McDouble is 390 calories. A six piece McNuggets with one small sauce is 330. Get one of those with a small fry (230), I guess. When I have to resort to this I’m usually hungry again sooner than I’d like. I guess you could do a fruit and yogurt parfait (160) instead of the fries. I mean, if you're into that."
"(3) But at that time (the time of Moses) the people of God were one, and in one nation only, Egypt only was smitten. However, now the people of God are collected out of all languages and dwell among all nations. And they are oppressed by those who rule over them. Therefore, it must come to pass that all nations (that is the whole world) will be beaten with heavenly stripes. As a result, the righteous people, who are worshippers of God, will be set free. Back then, signs were given to announce the coming destruction to the Egyptians. Likewise, at the last day, wonderful phenomena will take place throughout all parts of the world, by which the impending destruction will be understood by all nations."
"It would use a similar technology as NFC, as there would be wireless transfer of data between the outlet and an authentication system, which may, or may not be asking for money to plug in."
"SS: A lot of writers say their perspective on writing totally changes once they direct a movie. Now that you’ve directed a film, are you joining the chorus? How did your perspective change, if at all? What did you learn?"
"We gave her several reminders throughout the day that we were still waiting to hear something from her. We still waited."
"His first book was a vision of an Edenic paradise with lush landscapes and ethereal moments like a cloud of dust exploding over an elephant’s head while the scenes in his second book become progressively emptier and drier. By the end, the trees have vanished and the water has evaporated."
"Of course, like its predecessor, the new Libyan State denies all knowledge of any torture taking place."
"I will give your more details as soon as I hear from you, including the sharing ratio."
"Other: Copic Marker R29"
"“Shawn”!"
"I digress..."
"Then the burgers. I ordered the Salmon burger done banh mi style (carrots, cilantro, jalapenos, lettuce) - oh so good! Drew had a make your own creation beef burger with jalapenos, mustard, and grilled onions. We didn't really discuss the food much because we were too busy eating! Other options on the bar menu look great too! Next time I might jump out there and try Mina's lamb burger."
"ALONE."
"And chat and chat and chat and chat."
"O2 is the latest in a string of companies to launch mobile payment systems. Barclays launched its Pingit app, which transfers money between bank accounts, earlier this year, and online payment service Paypal’s app can send money to other PayPal users."
"My job has downsides (I work long hours and sometimes get mistaken for a toilet) but it also has perks. Today’s perk was that I got a free (to me) manicure."
"Sweet, yes?"
"Even now, more than forty years later, I feel a little bit nostalgic about Joel’s one and only Christmas, a Christmas I can never return to. I enjoyed that Christmas, but I realize now that I didn’t enjoy it enough. One of the things I learned from Joel’s death is that life is so fragile that we ought to approach every day with the knowledge that its blessings may only be temporary, and they must be enjoyed as fully as possible."
"Basically, this missing child was not being looked for by anyone. The grandparents weren’t aware of what had taken place. Casey Anthony had stolen her mothers credit card and ran up charges, she had practically burned bridges with a lot of people."
"The government should strongly recommend that food companies and supermarkets use a consistent food labelling scheme that includes traffic light colours. They all have a responsibility to provide a system that helps shoppers compare products, and then easily pick the healthiest option if they want to.\""
"\"It benefits the people in power, but what about the poor? BEE is more of a problem than a solution.\""
"If you can refer to the sheet you may have, on the back there’s something called a Kadisha Tome Demonis Kaddish. And this is the larger ideal of drawing connection between worlds, our own worlds and the worlds, again, far beyond us. You’ll see the Aramaic at the top and the transliteration of it at the bottom. We’ll go nice and slowly, for us to hear these words. It is a linkage, it is a connection from our soul, one, each to each, one to another. And we hope, too, that as we find and make sense and bring ourselves from step to step in this world, that John, too, is doing the same in a world beyond."
"That being said the ‘?’ following PostDeleuze is meant to be as uncertain as it seems if not a little provacative because of the way Deleuze is used as an odd metaphysical (but perhaps not purely metaphysical) backdrop for quite a bit of work done in New Materialisms and Posthumanism. As I mentioned in my last post, Cyberfeminism occupies a sort of forgotten place inbetween these bodies of theory and takes on another interesting twist given Sadie Plant and Luciana Parisi as part of the CCRU (Speculative Realism’s prehistory)."
"I Will Dare"
"I had been leisurely looking for just the right material to use for a while now, but couldn't’ find anything thin enough. I didn’t want it too thick because our butcher block island top doesn’t hang over a ton. I wanted something with a low profile."
"It is thought that if Arrowcroft and the council receive written confirmation that there is no overage provision, they will make an offer to buy the land owned by Stanhope and Schroders after evidence on the site’s value is heard next week."
"The list of Tinseltown luminaries who have resided here, either short or long term, include George Raft, Loretta Young, Clark Gable and William Frawley. Frawley had lived there a short few months when on a stroll down Hollywood Blvd., not far from his former residence at the Kickerbocker, he collapsed and died in front of Leeds Shoes. It has been erroneously stated that he was still living at the Knickerbocker when he died, not true. A former neighbor of Frawley's at the El Royale recalls Bill knocking on his door in the afternoons to borrow a walnut for his martini! (for those who imbibe, and are daring, try it and let me know) Judy Holliday lived there with her mother while she was filming \"Born Yesterday\". This fact is verified by no less than an FBI report. (well she might have been a commie, you know)"
"Translation: Yes, it’s the sea breeze."
"Surprisingly, I found myself having a hard time finishing it. This is a lot of SWEET for one sitting. While the initial sips were delicious, I do believe this is too much of a good thing. I never thought I'd say it, but this is just too sweet. At 22 ounces, the Southern Tier Creme Brulee Stout would make a great after-dinner drink with someone snuggly--IF they like sugary booze."
"lying in wait"
"They didn’t, of course. I mean, to begin with they accepted me and all, but there was always this vague sense of unease, like they knew I was hiding something, but couldn’t figure out what. And then bloody Mr Hangley had to perform what was tantamount to abuse on that poor, unsuspecting tangent secant theorem, and I couldn’t help myself: before I knew what I was doing, I’d opened my big gob and corrected him, and once the words started they just kept pouring out, a torrent I’d been hiding inside for so many years that when they finally spilled over, they flooded everyone within a five mile radius."
"I’ve never understood the Spice Girls. Baby Spice, Posh Spice, Scary Spice, Sporty Spice and – what – Ginger Spice ? I can never remember the other girl."
"- cup cooked legumes (dried beans, peas or lentils)"
"- Get back into blogging"
"DPs: Stampin' Up & My stash"
"John Carter"
"Such discussions over school lunches and healthy eating echo a larger national debate about the role government should play in individual food choices."
"Please take time to read the submissions by the other carnival"
"In the last two weeks he said he had only seen Taliban patrolling the streets. “The hospitals are bolted. There are no medicines, no doctors. All shops have their shutters down,” said Khan."
"The price of 1,000 products and services was compiled in each country and then compared between countries. The US, which ranked number 20, was used as a standard price index for comparison with 100 points, 24 Stundir reports."
"*** if you don't use part cream of mushroom soup, in addition to doubling the amounts for the white sauce, I'd recommend amping up the flavor by adding a finely chopped onion and some garlic to the butter at the beginning, cooking it until soft and translucent but not brown, before adding the flour and continuing with the regular white sauce recipe."
"Okay, how many of you former Girl Scouts out there read that title and kept on humming the rest of the song? 'Simple Gifts' is actually an old Shaker dance song (they danced?), but I learned it as a wee Brownie back in my scouting days. I hadn't thought much on it, until the other night when my husband and I were out berry picking. I guess there's just something about walking around in bushes up to your shoulders while scavenging for little red treasures (read: thimbleberries) to make one mull over the beauty of a simplistic lifestyle."
"Let’s bring this city to life – tonight"
"Nature’s Trust D-2 is a Top 10 herb, often purchased by folks who buy Samento, Banderol, Cumanda and other NutraMedix anti-microbials."
"The line wraps around the entire block, with job hopefuls wrapped in blankets and sleeping in tents. Many people in line aren't working, or want the benefits of a union position."
"with the sun shining"
"Warnings: Pathos. Quite a lot of language, including the \"n\" word. Also some mild sex-related dialogue."
"Oh my divine, my lotus flower"
"Tan Sri Dr James Masing has a different understanding of democracy. He said that it is essence of democratic principle that the people “Jangan lawan tauke” (Don’t fight with the Boss or “don’t bite the hand that feeds you”) and “The rakyat (people) are the boss on polling day, they elect who should be the Boss of their lives for the next 5 years”."
"If you are living solely for yourself- than your life is considered a waste."
"On Monday evening, May 23, Harold Camping showed back up at the Family Radio studios for a live broadcast of his call-in show, Open Forum, along with a short press conference at the end. If anyone was waiting for an “apology” from Harold Camping for his prophetic failure, for regrets expressed for people’s lives being torn up by foolish decisions and sacrifices they may have made to be part of his Rapture brigade, they were quickly disappointed."
"6 interest"
"As the anniversary of probably one of the most infamous responses in broadcasting history approaches, the woman who uttered it is shortly to be awarded “the highest honour” that America bestows upon civilians: the Presidential Medal of Freedom."
"It was lovely to laze about, and read my Agatha Christie novels, and be in my fella's company without having to try hard at anything. Quietness is ok, and so are late evenings talking lots about all sorts, and joint-effort-crosswords, and snuggly siestas."
"I am watching him sitting in front of the tv chatting to Thomas the Tank Engine and I feel so proud to have him in my life. He came about in such a convoluted way but he is mine and I wouldn’t change what happened for the world."
"Chris Smith (England) – Between the Toes of the Cloven Hoof"
"The Spring/Summer 2012 Idea Book was released on February 1st. It is full of card and scrapbook ideas using spring and summer colors. There are eight new paper packets that will help you make perfect spring/summer scrapbook layouts and/or beautiful seasonal greeting cards. Be sure to contact me to get your copy of this new catalog."
"Randall, D. and Wright, P. (1987) Ammonia distribution and excretion in fish Fish Physiology and Biochemistry, Volume 3, Number 3, 107-120."
"Spray a loaf pan with cooking spray. (You can't free-form this meatloaf. It's too wet.) Place turkey mixture into the pan and bake for one hour."
"1. Heat oil in sauce pan, add cumin seeds and green chilli."
"My Creative Scrapbook's May Limited Edition kit is another stunner! It is just filled packed with Fancy Pants Road Show including several beautiful transparencies, one of which is flocked! This kit has my all time favourite Prima flowers. The small pink ones and the beautiful whispy aqua ones. Ah but if only it was a magic kit and each time I reached in the bag more flowers would keep appearing :D"
"You are about to enter another dimension, a dimension not only of sight and sound but of mind. A journey into a wondrous land of imagination. Next stop, the Jones home on Christmas Day."
"Read James 2:14-26 (NKJV)"
"If Jeremy Lin was a black player, you could never call his fans the “Lin Mob” or tout a huge performance by saying “Jeremy Lin-ches the Heat”. No matter how positive the intent, the meaning of the words is too negative, but… If he were a black guy playing in a sport dominated by black athletes, the line"
"Woah….. so exactly what have I “trapped” inside here that needs to get out?"
"Hand Sanitizer"
"The phone book is another place where you might find a discount coupon. And you can do a simple search online to see if there are any current coupons for your favorite restaurants. Just search by restaurant name and “coupon,” “discount” or “promo code.”"
"Image via the Smithsonian Photostream"
"For example, Richard Ramos till this day denies that he had nothing to do with the fraud that took place building Mansions of Forest Glenn in Niagara Falls, Ontario — even though a half dozen condo unit owner testified against him. He proclaimed his innocence to them and to many other people — including myself."
"I had a commission from one of the ladies at work for a Birthday card for a two year old and the only stipulation was it had to have a fairy on it! Well that one was right up my alley but as it was for such a little one, I didn't want one of the sophisticated fairies I have and I found this beautiful little Sweet Pea stamp in my collection from Conie Fong."
"Grubby eggs and the sweet bunny tag! We all know I love me some bunnies!"
"Words from my family are far more full of knowledge, love and wisdom than any I hear outside, in the samsarik world.. But words that stem from concern make me feel incompetent and I don’t like that. Especially if these words reflect deep love. Love makes us want to swallow inaccuracies and forgive follies and put aside priorities. Love makes us want to compromise."
"Frank Foster (Tenor Sax)"
"Many multimedia data streams contain both audio and video, and often some metadata that permit synchronization of audio and video. Each of these three streams may be handled by different programs, processes, or hardware; but for the multimedia data streams to be useful in stored or transmitted form, they must be encapsulated together in a container format."
"What if I am bored?"
"Well, happy day dreaming."
"3) There is Gospel in the editing."
"All of these items, it turned out, were wrong. Yet police (and Nifong) appear to have accepted Levicy’s word without question. Did that decision reflect official DPD policy in dealing with SANE Nurses (or SANE Nurses-in-training)? If so, it would seem that the policy needs a second look. And why did the police never interview Dr. Manly? Was it because they feared Manly might contradict the testimony of Nurse-in-training Levicy?"
"d. Indicating continuous tense: 現在學習呢 at this moment they are still learning."
"You probably have one shot with this book. Get it right. Slow down."
"Throughout high school we had a bit of a shifting lineup that swelled"
"Wore them to the show on Saturday,"
"I exhale deeply. \"Can I have a cigarette please?\""
"The first thing I do is decide on what type of cake I should make. Ideas can come from your child if they are old enough to have an opinion. Or if your kids are young like mine I like to think back through the year and come up with an idea that reminds me of them. For example, my daughter was practically born with a smile on her face so her 1 year old birthday cake was a big smiley person. Her 2 year old birthday cake was a turtle because she loved the Tiny Tim turtle song, \"I have a baby turtle, his name is Tiny Time...\" and sang it every day that year! I have a friend who made a bear cake because their little guy's nickname is Krew-Bear. This is a fun way for you and your child to remember cute characteristics about them that you might have otherwise forgotten. If you are thinking about cake ideas for adults, unfortunately our family is a little more boring with them. They simply get to choose their favorite type of cake; ie. Chocolate Cake with Peanut Butter Frosting, Chocolate Caramel Cake, Lemon Cake, Black Forest Cake or German Chocolate Cake with Coconut Frosting are some of our favorites."
"#95: Shamrock Shake. This one’s long overdue, but I forgot to post it. Amazing that I’ve survived in the land of Spartan green without trying a Shamrock Shake! My neighbor and I usually go for 2 a.m. trips to McDonalds anyways (yay insomnia), so it seemed like an opportune moment to try something new! The shake itself was pretty great, but definitely hyped out of proportion."
"Many English and German words have the same roots, but are written and pronounced slightly different: for example, the English house turns to “Haus” in German, and is pronounced almost identical. Or, to pick a group of words that is mentioned in the poems. colors. In English, there is red, green, blue, white – in German, it’s rot, grün, blau and weiß. Of course, some colours are very different. But there also are some words that remain the same in both languages – and it was this group that inspired the creation of the visuals “The Things that Remain” – “Die Dinge, die bleiben”."
"I am often dumbfounded when I hear someone talk about their beliefs, absurd practices (to me), and/or the foundational “facts” that are the cornerstones of their religion, only to hear those same believers of possibly mystical powers, make fun of the “ridiculousness” of another person’s religious beliefs, practices, and/or foundation or cornerstones."
"Well... I think I wrote a hundred times here that time flies!!! And somehow.. it just does.... giggle."
"We did have the INTECH home ed trip on Tuesday, where the Planetarium show was fabulous. They covered flight into the Known Universe which matched recent building of Solar Sysytem for youngest plus added the immense amount of information on space that is now available. Subhanallah makes you realise how tiny we are in the big scheme of things!"
"3 patterned papers from First Edition Paper"
"Blog: Cooking Lager"
"The US section offers Classics Illustrated #43-74, mainly first editions, and the first tranche of our DC Comics one-owner collection spanning one hundred lots including Superman from 1948-1955, Action, Adventure and Superboy from 1959-1970s, Showcase #9 and #10 and Lois Lane #1-6."
"I am always here if you need me to cry with you if you need me to laugh with you to pray with you to run with you to live life with you You are my friend I will never leave you"
"2010.08.30 Afghanistan Marjah 2 1 Two civilians are shot to death at a mosque by fundamentalists."
"Despite being a little worn out by my last Dan Brown experience, I figured my reading experience wouldn’t be complete if I didn’t read the last of his best-sellers. So, before my weekend of travelling, I picked up a few books, Digital Fortress being one of them."
"Meantime...I'll leave you with Pete's close, because I loved it:"
"Origen: Or, the hedge which God set round his people was His own Providence; and the winepress was the place of offerings."
"…in which, in matching white, the girls duet."
"Hello everyone! Here is a card with matching envelope that I made. I learned a new trick and I will share it with you!"
"Dr.Paul Recknik has written a book about the case and accuses Mrs.Manning of the murder and it’s once again on the front burner."
"These comments were similar to those his ex-girlfriend recorded for the world to hear, some of which apparently were said in front of their infant. In his tirades he demanded sexual act be performed on him as he called her terrible, terrible names."
"(A toast, a toast, that good/cheerful feeling. / A toast, a toast, that good/cheerful feeling … ONE, TWO, THREE - DRINK!)"
"I got home and had to work with the kids on their homework for a little bit. After that, Heather came home and we watched “Dr. Phil” while she got dinner ready. We then sat down and ate dinner together. After dinner, I went into the basement and played some COD:BO before taking some more pictures of “Lord of the Rings” Miniatures to sell on Ebay. After working on that for about an hour and a half, I then started to watch some of my usual Wednesday night shows including “Survivor: South Pacific”, “Harry’s Law”, and “CSI” while I DVR’d “Criminal Minds”, “The New Girl”, and “Law and Order: SVU” before heading to bed."
"Do you ever find your unfinished knitted and sewn garments getting oppressive?"
"Let A Tax Attorney Help You Get Your Taxes Sorted"
"I introduced myself to his friend. We shook hands as he enthusiastically introduced himself back. Judging from the look on that guy’s face and his breath, I could tell they had had a couple of drinks before coming over. It also seemed like they had been at some seedy place first as the expat boyfriend muttered to him something like “And oh, they’re not really the kind of girls you had earlier” – referring to me and Work Friend A. Well, thank you."
"With more strength, you’re more capable of performing any sort of sport/activity, such as going on a hike with your family and friends, spontaneously participating in sports, etc."
"Thanksgiving week was very nice - worked from home Monday - Wednesday, and had Thursday and Friday off. We had a very relaxing Thanksgiving day hanging out at Theresa's dad's house. Lots of turkey and all the other Thanksgiving goodies. It was very nice to have a day with Theresa and her family where we could just relax all day :-). Thanksgiving week was overall very solid. It was nice to hang out with Theresa all week and unwind a bit. Even had a chance to squeeze in a decent amount of Halo: Reach."
"Toast an english muffin. I toast mine in a cast iron skillet with a little olive oil."
"i am wearing..."
"03 - Gator Country 07:14"
"Writers: Scott Lobdell and Tom DeFalco"
"They break for me sometimes too. Don't boil the noodles too long; keep them al dente and that helps."
"Because they are on spring break they were forced to do the grocery shopping with me this week and when I asked if they had any ideas for the “surprise” meal, they volunteered to make it themselves. Here’s the menu they came up with: pasta with chicken apple sausage and garlic broccoli in red sauce & a salad with romaine, red peppers, sliced mushrooms & cherry tomatoes in a lemon vinaigrette."
"Life is fleeting, brothers. In a very short time we will all give an account before Jesus Christ, not only as to how well we have shepherded our flock, but how well we have obeyed the command to make disciples of all nations."
"I’m not truly in an unbiased position to make this prediction. As a matter of fact, I have not seen a lot of the nominated movies but there was one I thought would be worth making the effort to pay a visit to my local theater."
"Her father sat on a long sofa of red velvet, a glass of merlot in his hand. His dark skin mingled with his pale purple eyes. His black hair, with a few streaks of gray, was fastened at his neck in a queue. He wore white pants, a white blouse, and a jeweled belt. She’d never seen any man so handsome."
"Shock can be good. If it is uncomfortable and gruesome it does not mean that it is morally 'wrong'. There can be an imperative to shock. Shocking practices are best shown straight i.e. shockingly. Extremes can bring hidden truths home by making them big and visible. Where are we headed? What, in these awful, horrifying,"
"On that note, if you are on Facebook, make sure to check out the Kraftin' Kimmie Stamps page. It's a great place to hang out, chat, share photos and keep up to date on all the happenings at KKS. We'd love to have you join us there. :)"
"After one month of being held incommunicado, the Bahraini regime released Al Raas but with-held his passport. He is now stranded in Bahrain – without medication – pending a prosecution trial. On three dates in June, he was brought before a Military Court. It was during the opening hearing on 7 June that he first learnt of the charges against him."
"I digress. Back to silencing dissent. The latest fun times involve the president of the United States of America whining that Fox News is being mean to him. This is embarrassing and incredibly stupid (as well as very smart, but I'll get to that part in a minute). Waaaaah, those meanies at Fox News are not being nice to me. Sniffle. So the BO administration wanders around the fringe media talk shows on Sunday morning berating Fox as an \"arm of the Republican party\" and cautioning the state-run media (ironic, right?) not to pick up any Fox stories. Um, like ACORN and Van Jones and the rest of the horrific news, real news, about BO and his fellow plotters. Of course this is simply too ridiculous for words, and any journalist in his or her right mind would immediately jump on this story and shout it from the rooftops as the assault on free speech that it is."
"stand of three trees will"
"This has allowed me to gradually sneak things onto his plate at dinner without him freaking out or refusing to try it. He's discovered a love for peas, broccoli, and corn on the cob. It's a start."
"Sources tell me that former San Francisco 49ers and Detroit Lions head coach Steve Mariucci is interested in the Arkansas head coaching job. As of this morning, separate sources indicate to me that Arkansas AD Jeff Long has not spoken with Skip Holtz or Tommy Tuberville to this point. Yet another source tells me that New England Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels would be willing to talk if contacted by Long. There is no rush at all for Jeff Long. Although coaches can leave campus for spring recruiting next week, head coaches are not allowed on the road during the spring recruiting period."
"8. The forcefulness of simplicity."
"There are no special features. (Alliance Films)"
"Patients with plasma total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein level more than 240 mg% and 130 mg%, respectively, were selected for the trial. Treatment with Amla produced significant reduction of Total cholesterol and Lipids. Amla produced significant reduction in blood pressure."
"Moby Wrap, the award-winning baby carrier, is a long piece of ultra soft, breathable cotton that is wrapped around the wearer to create a safe, custom-fitted and versatile baby carrier. For babies to 35lbs, the Moby Wrap is the most comfortable baby carrier on the market. Moby Wraps are available in original solids, fun prints and designs, UV protected and organic cotton. Each Moby Wrap is designed to custom fit the contours of both baby and babywearer. There are no buckles, snaps or other fasteners, making wearing a Moby Wrap simple and convenient. We use only the softest 100% cotton, making it comfortable against baby’s skin. All Moby Wraps are machine washable and fit almost everyone. The Moby Wrap retails for between $44.95 and $59.95."
"I’m not comfortable in my own skin anymore. I want that feeling of comfort back. I miss it."
"I met him one day on my way to the Post Office. I did a double take at seeing him outside of the chippers. He was with a guitar player - the two of them busking. The plastic microphone was left at home; they'd all the professional gear. Speakers so their voices could travel all over the city streets. They were between numbers and Mike asked me would I stop and sing a song. I was about to automatically say no, I didn't sing, when I thought, why not? I sang 'Young Ned of the Hills' : 'And he sings lady love will you come with me now/ Come and live merrily under the bough. ' Nerves caused my voice to tremble as it boomed up and down the city street. A passing lady, without looking, threw in a euro. A man came and pushed a mint into my hand as I sang - maybe he thought that I'd a sore throat. I'm not that great a singer - I wonder did the people of Cork all feel like they were trapped, that there was nowhere for them to run, only into the nearest shop, as they scuttled up and down the Grand Parade doing their shopping? Whatever they thought of me, I thought I was great. Mike would want to hold on tight to that plastic microphone - he could have competition for it."
"My blue eyed husband suggested that I should challenge making different types of Kimchi everyday for one year and blog about it."
"Here's a look at one of the suites. This is Diana Ross's, by the way."
"Introductions were made to FHH's Beloved and Robin's husband JB and we were shown to our table. For various reasons we actually moved table twice after that but soon after we'd finally settled in along came Polenth and Whirlochre to join out motley crew."
"Roman Catholic lay author Gary Michuta provides numerous alleged examples from Athanasius, where Athanasius is allegedly quoting the apocrypha as scripture. One in particular is of interest:"
"But I feel more anger when I think about the inequality in death. People jump up and down about inequality and rights etc etc yet seem to think this should stop when the breath stops."
"Photos from my local show, including my best ever carrots (and parsnips), will follow soon in the next post. I think I’ve finally cracked it and confident I can grow better carrots next year rather than the usual finger-thick spindly things I’ve grown up to now!"
"Stills taken from the footage would be circulated to all police stations in the region."
"This point should need no discussion… but it does. One of the major problems I see in my work with blog publishers (I write their articles for them) is that these folks still see the business of blogging as something casual, episodic, to be done when and if they have the time."
"“I sort of wondered about that,” Pappy seemed relieved. “You got any ideas for gettin’ us those whirlybirds?”"
"Who knows the best way to explore space—the government or the market?"
"Folks hanging out in the park applauded the free show of precisely-coordinated drumming."
"The Opposite of Amber -Gillian Philip,"
"Okay so you think you know what unschooling is all about?"
"Level 13: Damage: +13%, Critical Rate: +13%."
"But there was one night that beat all the others. The one that would make me abandon my half-built snowman without even being called. At least not by a human. No, it was the aroma of Garlic bread, tomato sauce and Italian sausage that literally wafted through the walls and into the chilly air to tell me exactly what night it was. Lasagna night."
"First off, in our family, no one is big on celebrations. We don’t really celebrate anything that is traditionally being celebrated. With that being said, last week was my birthday, April 27th. And with the opening sentence, you should already know that I treated the day as “business as usual” day."
"I am a bit bothered by something, actually a bit more than \"bit\" but not in a huge, dramatic way. I'm not angry. I think I am a bit puzzled, feelings might be a little hurt, I know I can say I am \"irritated\"."
"Clothes: I have my main outfit as well as backups and last minute alternates all packed and ready. A few things are in the dryer, but I have a big note out to remind me to grab them."
"stained with moss."
"So I'm going to have to retro-post some projects that I couldn't last week; bare with me as I work hard to catch up. I'm sure we've all suffered from technology failures at some point, lol. My laptop is currently with The Beau and he's backing up everything before we hand it over to the technicians."
"For those who have missed some or all of the FREE Daily Downloads since April 28th, I also have the kit, \"Bee a Blessing\" in the store. It is 30% off during my Featured Designer spot through May 11th. You can click on the preview to grab it."
"This is the song that Wonder Boy sang for me in the car today, after shyly admitting that several kids at his camp had been singing \"inappropriate\" (his word) songs. Then, \"Do you want to hear one?\" I bit the inside of my mouth to keep from laughing and said, very mom-like, \"Yes, that song certainly is inappropriate.\""
"Also did I mention that I really hate cancer lately? My prayers are going out to all my people who are feeling the effects of cancer in their life right now. Kick that junk in the craphole."
"Through untried roads with ambushes opponents lined,"
"that surfaced on 1980's 'Never for Ever' and the harrowing"
"Judge # 2 -- This final entry is a good, balanced chili. Neither mild nor hot.. Sorry to see that most of it was lost when Judge #3 farted, passed out, fell over and pulled the chili pot down on top of himself. Not sure if he's going to make it. Poor feller, wonder how he'd have reacted when we started tasting some really hot chili?"
"Well I found Send Out Cards. I haven’t missed a birthday in 4 months (that is a world record for me). I have even sent gifts or gift cards along with the birthday cards. AND best part, I didn’t have to leave my house to buy any of it or mail any of them."
"Those are just a few of my thoughts on the subject. Feel free to post your own or offer examples of other bad headline wordplay in the comments below."
"By 10 p.m. that night, we felt our bodies rise and fall steadily as Carl navigated the “hills”. We wearily dragged our bodies into the apartment we were staying at for the next few nights, appreciated it’s simplistic warmth, and crashed hard."
"The other thing that could have been said, of course, is that Arianism is alive and well today – the so-called Jehovah’s Witnesses."
"(Several attempts to get a picture in good light here! I really need to invest in a new camera....!)"
"90 g chopped pecan nuts"
"I got to P h i l l y and I actually brought work with me. None of it got done on the first evening because we had talk catching up and sex catching up to do….and it was our anniversary, we were celebrating! The next day, I finished it my work just in time to get ready to go to dinner with him in Mount Airy. He had bought me this really cute fuchsia cocktail dress that you can wear in seven ways, and I wore it that night, and he was also looking dapper in a shirt and tie. I think we were a very handsome couple…and I really mean that, I’m not just saying it. As always, the restaurant was very nice because he chose it. But….we got into a fight. It was my fault. Things seemed to get better when we went to a bar and had some drinks- the tension seemed to dwindle down and we were good again. But then we ended up getting into an even bigger fight. It was awful. I don’t even know how we had sex the next morning, but we did. What was so *right* with us that not even a bad fight could stop the ‘bidness’ from going down? Lol. I apologized profusely about the fight and acknowledged it was all my fault. He accepted my apology but things were still a little tense – he seemed wary of me. My friend TLC and I went to visit him….things were still tense for him. I wanted to make up, but he was aloof. One night after my friend went to sleep, he and I went out for drinks. We sat on the steps talking until late and I wanted him to come in my room with me to make up but he was not in that space. I was sad, of course. The next day, I asked him to come over very early in the morning to get in bed with me. He said he’d think about it. I promised I wouldn’t come on to him. He did come over, and I DID come on to him – not that I didn’t try to stay away, because I swore to myself that I would behave. Before he got there. And then, when he got there, I just couldn’t help it – there is something about being around him that just used to get me going. I can’t explain it and I spent a long time trying to figure it out and I just couldn’t – it was what it was, and that’s it. I somehow managed to get on top of him and was laying on him…the rest is history. We had a second anniversary about something special that was the next week and we had planned to spend time together in Washington, D.C. But he began saying that he wasn’t sure he was going. I told him I still wanted to go with him but he wasn’t sure what he wanted to do. I was angry, I was sad, I was hurt, because I knew all of “this” was still about the P h i l l y fight. He finally said no, he’s definitely not going. In hindsight, I think he was also going through something but wasn’t talking about it, but I was too focused on my own hurt and pain about the D.C. trip at the time. I want you all to pay attention to what I’m about to say: in relationships, sometimes people fight, sometimes we get hurt. But when you love someone, it’s important to listen to their cues so that you can know when you might need to fall back and give that person as much love as you can with your silence; stop bitching, be quiet, and be supportive of the person – even from a distance if you have to. That is what *I* should have done instead of being wrapped up in my own, “But I want to go to D.C.!”thing."
"This game is being billed in some quarters as a matchup of Andre Roberts vs. Terrell Hudgins, but I think the key to the game will be the Bulldogs’ defensive front seven versus the Elon offensive line. The Citadel must get pressure on Riddle, which won’t be easy (in 208 pass attempts, Elon quarterbacks have been sacked 11 times). In last year’s game Riddle was sacked once, for a two-yard loss."
"Bake for 15-18 minutes. Drizzle with sweetened condensed milk, or make up your own icing from powdered sugar and milk. I highly suggest using the condensed milk, though. :)"
"I do believe we should no longer allow the political world to use us. We can’t let politicians dangle the issue of abortion in front of us and then lead us wherever they feel we should go."
"Despite the fact that many believe that River Downs and other racetracks are dying a slow death, there’s still something about the place that draws me in on a random Saturday or an midweek afternoon when I can’t stand being in the office anymore. There’s something fantastic about studying past performances in the program, making mindless conversation with someone in line to make a bet, and swigging down a watery beer as you wait for the horses to reach the post. Like a drug, I love the seven minutes of anticipation between the moment when the bugle blows the horses onto the track and when the announcer states “the horses have reached the post” just before the bell goes off and the gates open."
"Ensamble the cake:"
"Useful tips:"
"After this experience I wanted nothing more than to go home. Maybe I should resign myself to this new attitude of every sort of commerce has a right to my data. I cannot. It deeply offends me. When exactly did I have to forfeit my rights to privacy in order to shop?"
"Westminster Abbey is nothing short of stunning (no pics as you aren't allowed to take photos inside). There are some big names buried in that place as well as some big names who walked the aisle there on their wedding day. Westminster while huge and beautiful, doesn't seem to be trying as hard to show off as I felt St Paul's did. Despite the fact that its just accepted, I'm not sure I'm ever going to get used to walking over the resting places of people as you walk around inside these places, there's just something that doesn't sit right with me in doing this, but in order to get around you just cant help it."
"Am in need of two good words?"
"The other morning, when I went back to bed at around 5.00 after a trip to the loo, I had a dream that my colourist, Greg had died. Aside from the fact that he is the one and only person on the planet whom I trust with colouring my hair, I adore Greg as a friend. We're both kind of snarky and sarcastic and love to gossip"
"“We should never be afraid of a conversation”."
"So, a series summary is in order:"
"It's awards season on the blogsphere and I have had a few come my way for which I am chuffed to pieces. However I've done absolutely nothing whatsoever in terms of accepting these wonderful thoughts because, to be honest, I am feeling a bit awkward about what to do next."
"What do my people do? Until recently it was better swept under the table than discuss the matter. It became unlawful to state a person has died of AIDS on his death certificate. How big is this denial?"
"My husband and I have been married for some time in young-people-terms. Five years have flown by at lightning speed. Feels like just yesterday I was arriving in PARIS, to live with the man I love, to leave my entire WORLD behind, to boldly throw myself into the great unknown. I had to try this life on to see how it fit."
"The words Islam, Muslim, jihad don’t appear even once in Dr. Cornish’s analysis. For him, jihad is a Quentin Tarantino movie."
"This was a pic I took during a waterfall hiking trip I took with my family on the west side of North Carolina a few weeks ago. It was so beautiful, I thought it would be a nice pic to share with everyone on earth day. Our earth is so beautiful, God has given us such a wonderful place to live."
"I know it’s like an educational process that we all have to go through, and get that piece of certificate to serve as a safety net and most importantly, “fit in” with everyone else."
"Hubby: but I haven’t done anything wrong, so why should I buy you flowers."
"Over his three years with the Moccasins he threw for a total of 6,871 yards, 52 touchdowns, and 31 interceptions with a 57.3% completion percentage (578-1,008); his best statistical season came during his junior year when he threw for 2,996 yards, 26 touchdowns, and 13 interceptions with a 56.3% completion percentage (215-382). He only was able to start seven games during his senior season in 2011 due to a sprained right shoulder. B.J. brings excellent intangibles to the next level, owning the leadership, work ethic, and passion for the game that I look closely for at the position; he understands the game very well and has a terrific football IQ. Offering ideal size at the position that coaches look for, Coleman is on the radar of NFL scouts for one major reason, and that’s his arm strength. He has a strong enough arm to deliver the ball to all parts of the field, including outside of the numbers, on a consistent basis. His best asset is his ability to drive the ball down the field, having shown the ability to throw it 50+ yards on a rope with ease. His velocity is above average for a college quarterback and is more than fine for the next level. In addition, he’s displayed the ability to put good touch on his throws, however further development will be needed here in order to develop better consistency. Owning good accuracy down the field, B.J. puts the ball in the right position to be caught, although his lack of a great supporting cast with the Moccasins resulted in several drops the past three years."
"Q: How do your friends and classmates feel about the situation?"
"I decided to transfer values to where I had written the verbs and came up with: authenticity, integrity, joy, wisdom, intention, sustainability, abundance, acceptance, and gratitude (I liked it better as a value than as a verb)."
"- In Iceland it was once against the law to own a pet dog."
"Best Catered Chocolate - Cowgirl Cupcakes"
"Southwark Council has decided to sell Greenland Pier, the pontoon and linking bridge that is used by the Thames Clipper as their Rotherhithe stop, linking Rothehithe with Canary Wharf and the rest of the river between Greenwich and Embankment."
"Hole-in-the-Wall, South Africa."
"“Take the money we’re no longer spending at war, use half of it to pay down our debt, and use the rest to do some nation-building right here at home.”"
"984 **D-IX/18/1987. “Legislative Supremacy and ‘We the People’: On to Three Hundred.” Chicago Ridge High School, Chicago Ridge, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item 1991(2), above, pp. 1097-1109.)"
"Before the action in which Stockenstroom died he and Graham were scouring the countryside and looking for a place where they could establish a military base."
"“MacBook Pro’s designers have worked tirelessly on its beautiful new look, and you can tell. And others can, too.”"
"in nature, other people, music, art."
"Was he aloof?"
"I found"
"I'm on the phone with Randy right now. He's at Noodles Oodles waiting for you. Where are you? He has collected $3,500 from us and your colleagues to help you out and has my plane ticket for you. You're booked on United Airlines, flying London to Omaha via NYC tomorrow afternoon. Let's get you home for Christmas and put this whole disaster behind us! God bless!"
"Here’s to having a plan… and following through with it."
"Shimla Jalori Trek is one of the most important trek of Shimla. on way of trekking you will get the opportunity to visit the lake and an old fort, panoramic views of the beautiful peaks of Kullu and also the beautiful views of Kinnaur and Lahaul peaks. This route is open for the vehicles for almost 9 months in a year. This pass is a height of 3223 mts and it will take almost 10 days for full trekking."
"These operational rules are what makes D&D an exploration game rather than a combat game."
"“These are the times that try men’s souls.”"
"Really think about it,"
"Spring is here in the Midwest and this Baroque aria could not resonate more with me. Prior to moving here, I used to read the text for this beautiful aria by Giovanni Battista Bononcini and laugh. To me, it seemed overly romantic and even peculiar sine it is in essence a “love song to a tree.” Bonocinni used in his 1694 opera, Serse, and unfortunately does not serve a particularly meaningful purpose to enhance the drama of the plotline. It does however, give the audience a pretty tune to listen to at the beginning of the opera, but that for the time being, is beside the point. Apparently the piece was quite popular thereafter. In fact, I once heard a story that Georg Fredrich Haendel, was so taken with this particular melody and text that he rearranged the piece for in his own version of the same opera in 1738! When one compares the two pieces, it is quite easy to hear the similarities."
"7. Are you currently working on another book (maybe the third book in the Zan Gah series)? If so, can you give us a little information about it? :)"
"So, if anyone is looking for ways to help your hair, try these different things out!"
"OK. Ready? Fasten your seat belts because here we go! :)"
"“I’m cool.” Regent shifted the position of his stool a half-foot to his left, so he could lean back against the corner of the refrigerator. He brought one of his feet up onto the seat of the stool and rested his chin on his knee."
"I cut small holes in the bodysuit where the arrows are pointing, you just carefully pull it down over the posts until they sit at the bottom. I will explain about the posts in a bit here."
"If, for any reason, you've been looking at Divergent and thought: too much hype, not my thing, girl protagonist, nothing is as good as Hunger Games, I urge you with all my heart to re-look at Divergent and to give it a go. The writing is superb, as is the world Ms. Roth has created. Tris is an amazing character and grows so much in Divergent. Yes, there is a bit of a love interest, and Four is a great match for Tris. He is a real boy, a strong and independent young man and you can see why Tris falls for him. And before you put up your hand and say: \"eeew, kissing\" - I'm happy to say, there is more action, more tooling up with weapons and doing crazy stunts, than there is kissing or staring at each other in a loving fashion."
"All the key elements — what you sell, to whom, for how much, what you promise, etc. — they are all part of your department’s strategy. The strategy chosen by any litigation support department is typically based on one of three principal directions - (a) all services offered in-house; (b) hybrid – internal/external services coalesced; or (c) all services (particularly operations) vendor outsourced."
"People who know the state of emptiness will always be able to dissolve their problems by constancy."
"Bois Des Iles held all the outdoor glory of nature withheld from me indoor."
"Because, as I discovered early on in life, if a book had a strong female character, I would look up to her and pretend to be her."
"“Stay outta this you cunt. You want some? Eh.....eh? Who the fuck do you think you are mate….eh?”"
"The nursery rhyme CD we checked out from the library is short. It has 23 tracks about a minute each. You do the math. This means we can listen to the whole thing about 1,278,417 times while sitting in Chicago traffic. And we did."
"One sunny day, in July, I had a craving for onion dip. I can't recall the last time I've eaten onion dip. What I do remember is that the recipe consisted of a packet of onion soup mix was stirred into sour cream. I don't stock that product, any longer. How hard could it be to make onion dip from scratch, I wondered? I did a bit of research on the internet, and decided to come up with my own version."
"To love me, without pretending"
"PatHaith (Lab) 1049"
"Opening the enclosure was easy, six self-tapping screws per side and four in the middle. Last owner was apparently using this monitor with wall mount. The plastic panel got off with a little prying with plastic knife. Under the plastic was metallic shield, apparently to reduce RF-signals. The 12-volt input goes to diode, few caps, electronic capacitors."
"Tomorrow and all next week is to be crazy:)!"
"When I trimmed the top edge of the new big module and saw how much of the wedge was left, the top right section needed more complexity. I shifted the ruler and left myself an extra quarter-inch in case the new seams took up too much height."
"Simplicity would suggest, if you want a job done right, ask a specialist."
"WE know Cotter is the Ultimate Fishing Town but here’s your chance to make it nationally known and help Cotter win a $25,000 community donation from the World Fishing Network."
"I checked my email before we left the house, updated my facebook status."
"It's Bob Dylan's 70th Birthday next week.Out of respect for His Bobness, here is a video I took in Hebden Bridge at the recent anti-royalist street party.A band (i know not who) sing the opening riffs of 'All Along The Watchtower.''"
"Acehnese food has more influenced from Southern Indian food compare to other regions in Indonesia. There is one ingredient here that is speciality to Aceh dishes, asam sunti. By giving the name asam, it means sour and made from dried bilimbi. If you don’t have any asam sunti, just add more bilimbi (Averrhoa bilimbi or kamias in Tagalog)."
"A BIT OF THE LEGALESE"
"For the same price. So yes, this weekend I brought home my second:"
"While I don't have kids of my own, I do take care of 3 kiddos full time, and like me, she is super busy running around everywhere! She loves that she can get beautiful flowers from bulbs without having to spend a ton of time on gardening, and she shares tons of tips with you to make your home and garden beautiful. My mom didn't pass the gardening gene onto me, but she did pass on her appreciation of flowers! I am excited to use Digdropdone.com to help me with tips on how easy it can be to grow flowers! Bulbs aren't just for planting outside in flower beds either. You can use them in cute planters for the front porch, add some color to your bathrooms, or even throw a couple in a cute watering tin with a pair of gardening gloves for a great Mother's Day or housewarming gift! Go and visit www.digdropdone.com to learn more about how you can beautify your surroundings using bulbs. It gives you month by month tips for keeping your garden looking great. According to the bulb calendar, \"The month of November is perfect to start on that first round of tidying up the garden. For some plants, a layer of leaves offers good protection. But gardeners beware: if you fail to move the debris quick enough come spring, the earliest flower bulbs may be hindered. To give your bulbs growing freedom, remove excess leaves and plant debris early on, making sure to keep your lawn particularly clean. Add some fertilizer to those bulbs that you left in the ground after they bloomed this past spring. You will be rewarded with more blooms next spring!\" Go try it out and let me know what you think!"
"All of that said, once the fundamentals are in place, once you've mastered the art of making an argument, once you know how to construct a paper, in short, once you have a grasp of the fundamentals, incorporating web 2.0 is a great pedagogical tool. For one, it makes the discipline available to people who aren't necessarily specialists. A blog, for example, is a great way to share what you're doing RIGHT NOW with your colleagues. Timothy Morton is a perfect example of a tenured professor whose blog, Ecology Without Nature, primarily appeals to romanticists, but it also attracts people who are interested in critical theory, ecology, pedagogy, and, well, Timothy Morton. It's a self-promotional tool, yes, but also a research tool. His blog is an ever-updating set of items that he has discussed at length in his traditionally published work. A constant work in progress. And while I don't necessarily agree with his research, I think his blog in an excellent model for those of us who are dipping their toes in the possibilities of web-based research."
"One of the keys to wearing stripes (or any other timeless look that happens to be trendy) is to put a fresh spin on it. Ask yourself ‘what’s unexpected?’ and opt for a look that gives your old stripes a new lease on life."
"What do you read with your children?"
"Current Views"
"If you do decide to come back, I can’t deny I can change, but I will promise you that I will always be here for you. Always."
"Allegory is a device used to present an idea, principle or meaning, which can be presented in literary form, such as a poem or novel, in musical form, such as composition or lyric, or in visual form, such as in painting or drawing."
"I suddenly couldn't sleep anymore from sleep apnea. If I fell asleep other than on my side, I would wake up choking. This was from the weight gain (much of it is in my face and the rest all on my arms and stomach- I can't tell you how many times people have asked me when I'm due)."
"Alas, I couldn't find an image of a bottle of Marmite ANYWHERE, so, completely BY RANDOM, I found this action-packed image by one of my favourite comic heroes, Frank Miller. I've NO IDEA what it is about, but I'm sure it's an intelligent, thoughtful and non-bigotted and even-handed debate about the so-called 'clash of civilization' we've been hearing so much about since, oh, September 2001."
"The doctors at Doernbecher were unsure if Dale would continue to be able to breathe on his own. Having been on a breathing tube myself, I know there is only one definitive way to find out if a patient can breathe for them self – remove the breathing tube. Fortunately young Dale began breathing on his own."
"Here are how you can take small steps on the road to better health today:"
"*insert happy dance here*"
"If we look at the on going struggle as warriors, why shouldn’t we tire from battle? Traditionally those that chose warrior as a profession did so not just because it appeals to a need to do good, to protect those that cannot protect themselves, and a baser instinct to apply the force within ourselves to strike at those that do wrong, it was understood that this dangerous work had advantages. The righteous joy taken in the defeat of an enemy, the very things which they defended spread out for the taking, a time to celebrate with comrades all glorious in triumph, and the returning home as subject of honor and praise. Without these things, the warrior life can be a grim one."
"Can't wait for next years party...I am already brainstorming what to bring!"
"“It is curious how people take it for granted that they have a right to preach at you and pray over you as soon as your income falls below a certain level.”"
"Metallic tables are also in vogue these days as it looks spectacular in a modern home. Matching chairs with these tables are also vital to complete the décor of your room."
"“The concept of personal liberties of the individual as opposed to the authority of the state had to disappear; it is not to be reconciled with the principle of the nationalistic Reich. There are no personal liberties of the individual which fall outside of the realm of the state and which must be respected by the state. The member of the people, organically connected with the whole community, has replaced the isolated individual; he is included in the totality of the political people and is drawn into the collective action. There can no longer be any question of a private sphere, free of state influence, which is sacred and untouchable before the political unity. The constitution of the nationalistic Reich is therefore not based upon a system of inborn and inalienable rights of the individual.”"
"Include some Embossing"
"Of being all alone"
"Then there is the problem of Murdoch’s paywalls. Although doing well on premium-content titles like the Wall Street Journal, the push earlier this year to boost the UK Times titles is now stuck in the mud. Times Newspapers is continuing to see digital subscription gains – but growth is slowing, and the boost to print sales has proved short-lived….in fact, it’s gone into reverse. The Times, for example, now has 111,036 digital subscribers….woefully short of what the Wapping Liars projected two years ago. The Sunday Times has even less, at just over 75,000."
"I did teach my self to knit tho, and I now have yet another obsession! Between tatting thread and now yarn... I need another house simply for all of the fibers!"
"1) Spiritual:"
"Picking out the best watch to wear for an event is just as critical as deciding on the appropriate pair of shoes. You wouldn’t wear your old running sneakers to an organization meeting just like you wouldn’t wear any old sports watch to a nice dinner date. It does not need to be difficult to discover the best watch."
"\"So this antifreeze use Organic Acid's and is free from silicates right?\", I started. \"I had been using the Dex-Cool in my system but had read a lot on the automotive boards and in discussions online that the Dex-Cool had issues with sludge formation when in the presence of highly oxygenated environment. What are your thoughts on this?\""
"It's not really a beer."
"Worship happens all around us. In fact, as human beings we can’t stop worshiping. That’s because worship, at it’s most basic, is our response to something greater than us. And no matter who we are, we will always encounter something we want to worship."
"I really wanted to like this book, but it was a complete disappointment."
"#2. Freedom needs the big picture. Silos create enemies. Free people know how their behaviors and performance impacts others. They know how they matter."
"The Demon Father preparing for war. Jake striking out to rescue his best friend. The Scream of the Banshees. The introduction of the disgusting and adorable Brag Badderson. The truth about Simon Lydgate’s demon heritage. Something very strange happening at Wembley Stadium. Jake’s tortuous journey on the ‘Scarab Path’. The predictions of the Seer of the Borderlands. The re-emergence of an old enemy. A battle wits between Jake and the darkest witchfinder in human history. The secrets of the mysterious Claviger. The unholy sisters of Marcus Crowden and… well… that would be telling…"
"grated Parmesan or Gran Padano cheese to taste"
"Vitovska might not be the best known grape variety, but it has certainly gained the attention of some influential wine writers."
"As most of us in the corporate responsibility world (sorry, corporate sustainability) know, child labour in global supply chains is a terrible thing, but some of it is better than the alternative, as I argued in this posting a while back."
"The weekend was a great success. Most importantly the birthday boy had a wonderful time surrounded by his friends. The children had a good time too, and didn't break anything or hurt themselves. The weather was good, the house was perfect, the food excellent, the cocktails and wine plentiful and the poolside banter was wry and stimulating."
"Or, you can choose you OWN word/topic that is not on the list, and then go and find the translation in French on the internet !"
"Among other penalties, such as loosing draft picks and being fined a substantial amount of money, the Saints and their fans were starting to get used to the fact that Payton would have to miss this season and Loomis was out for 6 games. Then came round 2 of “Bounty Gate” consequences. The NFL and Roger Goodell found it necessary to suspend MLB Jonathan Vilma for the entire 2012 season was well. DE Will Smith recieved a 4 game suspension, while ex-Saints players Scott Fujita and Anthony Hargrove also received suspensions. Fujita was hit with a 3-game ban, and Hargrove was slapped with an 8-game ban. Here is where it gets a little tricky…"
"We lay in the same positions as we did last night and this morning, as we always do, with only a few differences. Neither of us sleeps or talks. I read quietly, stretched out on my stomach, and she half watches TV, curled up on her side. From the other room come the slightly muffled sounds of cartoons and my daughter’s unintelligible jabbering. You’d never know, unless you looked very hard or knew us very well, that there’s yet another difference in our positions."
"The Arab conquerors, in their coins and inscriptions, don't mention Islam or the Qur'an for the first six decades of their conquests. Mentions of \"Muhammad\" are non-specific and on at least two occasions are accompanied by a cross. The word can be used not only as a proper name, but also as an honorific."
"150 g Rice Krispies"
"that intellect has long forgotten."
"Nigel"
"For many years I have wanted to be a journalist one way or the other. I imagined working on a top newspaper or magazine reporting on world events or, as I had planned for many years, reporting on football matches."
"It's just you and Arson, and a room full of Death Eaters. What happens?"
"6. Eat salads with vinegar. Forgo fatty dressings, cheese, and croutons."
"This time it was the usual things that distract you from posting. Firstly: I've got limited wardrobe here. Especially the first weeks of vacation, 'cause I just brought stuff for two weeks home, while I was staying three. Means: OMFG, I've got nothing to wear! O_O"
"phenomenon. They were avowed abolitionists who embraced and proclaimed temperance and other reform movements in the years before the Civil War. The popularity of the group and their music spread their message across the deepening political divisions in the United States. Over a span of four decades, various combinations of family members (including, eventually, children and grandchildren) performed at protests and in prisons as well as on stages across the US and Great Britain."
"The stars beautifully guide me to you"
"The dog fox cubs will be the first to leave the nest and find their own way. The young vixens will stay with their mother for a while longer."
"#1: You can run behind someone for 13.1 miles (2 hours, 42 minutes) and still think their butt looks cute at the end of the run."
"Last night, he was very unsettled, barking away at the back fence until midnight. The boys tried to settle him; I went out with the 'cross mummy' voice because I was already tired from a long day; we tried ignoring it ... nothing."
"This one is notable for being willing to wear a costume, but unwilling to give up their favorite flipflops. Life is about compromise, right?"
"Also, your new word this week is cheese. You LOVE cheese, and ask for it often:) Today you and your friend Carly were standing in front of the fridge with your arms up saying 'cheese cheese cheese' ha ha - cute"
"It’s quite beautiful."
"I began the break by attending one day of Gilded's Art Event~ The Art of Spring! I loved the bracelet that we created! I met some wonderful ladies at my table!! It was sad to have missed the entire weekend but the day I was there~ was nice!"
"I pushed him, trying to get my legs between us. “Get off of me!”"
"I would love to hear from anyone who has moved across the country or a long distance, please feel free to provide me with any tips or tricks that you have learned along the way. I have lived in Northern California my whole life and have moved only short distances before, this will be my first long distance move. We will also be driving the 2,700 miles across country with our two Cocker Spaniels, so if you have any traveling tips please let me know."
"After four months of hard graft in the bleak enormity of Garden Village (earlier) this week I was transferred back to Whiteladies, the grubby gnomeville where I live and were my adventures in the postman trade began (earlier). Every postal worker is a cartographer too (earlier) and what I mean by that is that postal work makes geography explicit by walking into all streets and all its front doors. The job unpacks streets and neighbourhoods and as exposure lasts its geography becomes internalized. And you want the geography to be internalized because only once it is in your head you can start planning short cuts and optimal routes. You don't want this mental map perfected to save time, though that is one aspect of it, but because it creates flow."
"Our hotel was just two blocks from the white house and so must mornings we walked right by it."
"09. Dirty (prod. by K21)"
"2 composed"
"by J.Cano/A.Checa"
"Celia Reynolds is the youngest in a set of triplets and the one with the least valuable power. Anne can see the future, and Jane can see the present, but all Celia can see is the past. And the past seems so insignificant -- until Celia meets Lo."
"When I was growing up, there was only one prominent atheist, Madelyn Murray O’Hair. Back then, every Catholic, indeed every Christian, ignored her as an oddity. Today’s atheists are legion. They have an agenda and their names are familiar."
"Today we live in a multi-core world. Back in the old days if you wanted to be outrageous you bought yourself two processors and hoped you could find a motherboard to put them both in. Then you hoped you had an operating system that could actually use them. Linux did. BeOS definitely did. Windows, well, not so much. Windows NT kind of did, but it never got rockin’ until NT 4 showed up. And even then it wasn’t that great until XP showed up."
"13If I did wrong in the cause of my man-servant, or my woman-servant, when they went to law with me;"
"The dark sea, and the waves that hit the red rocks,"
"12 hard boiled eggs, peeled"
"Get free admission to over 100 participating Museums, Zoos, Science Centers, and Botanical Gardens across the US! Head HERE for all of the details and to find a participating museum near you!"
"If you are pitching a romance, start with the two people involved in the romance, and what the barrier is to finding happiness. You don't need a lot of set up and backstory in a query (you don't need it in a novel either.)"
"Never mind \"labour lieutenants\" there isn't even a vacancy for \"Labour Lance Corporals\" to be filled from Congress House. Under its current General Secretary the TUC continues its tragic decline into irrelevance."
"to them Primark is like pasar malam la, seolah olahnye the clothes in pasar malam tak leh pakai isit?"
"I immediately knew that I wanted to use pink and yellow, because those seem to be her favorite colors (at least for hair color), and I chose glitter paper because of the sparkle in her outfit in the video."
"Finally after long wait I got in. Inside the club there were rockers, country folks, hip hoppers and lurkers like us, (the foreign students don’t dance much so we are mainly called as creepers or lurkers) everyone was in just like a normal Saturday night, so DJ started spinning, first he played some hard rock for rockers to go wild, then some country, so country folks can move around the floor with their wives. Then finally the main event Hip-hop party."
"Now, it was springtime during my stay, a cool, cool springtime with a hint of winter still in the air, but springtime nonetheless. There was no snow on the ground. Biking and walking were easy."
"* 2 teaspoons baking soda"
"“Therefore, we, in the International Union of Muslim Scholars, demanded, on more than one occasion, that he apologize, in one way or another, or else we would halt the dialogue with the Vatican. Indeed, I’m sad to say, the man did not utter a word of apology. Even if some Muslims tried to say it’s enough if he says I-don’t-know-what… He did not say anything straightforwardly."
"In the one ad where the Highlander family pulls up to the Nerd family, complete with NerdMom and NerdDad harmonizing \"Angel of the Morning\" in the front seat, take a look at the kid in the backseat. He's not sporting the current mod kid hairstyle, he's not wearing anything remotely trendy or hip. He's supposed to be a nerd. And the Highlander kid is telling him this, in his own way."
"We made fairly good time the next 5 miles, crossing the bridge over the murky brown and swiftly flowing Colorado river, over the knife that had slowly dug through the earth, carving the red rock into names like Isis Temple, Buddha Temple, and Wotan's Throne."
"What I want to say to the Cousin is: Are you fucking kidding me? Have you been watching Dr. Jenny McCarthy lately? What you are describing is chelation therapy, and yes I’ve heard of it, as well as the 100+ therapies out there marketed to desperate parents of children with autism. Did you ask your stupid friends how much of their life savings they’ve shelled out for this miracle therapy? Have I tried chelation therapy? No, but I have tried lots of other shit that had no effect from the Wilbarger protocol to hippotherapy. Don’t you think if mercury was known as the universal cure that autism wouldn’t exist? My son needs understanding, not a cure. He needs love, not judgment! Just because you know someone who has a child with autism does not mean you have any insight into my personal experience. Stop making casual conversation with me unless you’re going to say something intelligent. Fuck you! Oh, and sorry you have breast cancer. That sucks."
"Jonah finally locates some tracks of the four killers just as Cindy shows up. Jonah is about to read her the riot act when he suddenly realizes they are in the crosshairs. Jonah knocks Cindy to the ground just in time to avoid getting shot and he hustles her behind some rocks for protection. Jonah runs out to his horse to grab his rifle, but he is unable to get a shot at the killers."
"Is HOT TUB TIME MACHINE a sun-play of the ages too?"
"Every day should be Earth Day."
"Humble and not conceited,"
"Late last fall My Baby and I undertook the huge project of rejuvenating a gorgeous, interesting house in a beautiful neighborhood in our nearest-by town. The house had been his part-time bachelor pad/ part time home to four active children for the 20 years before acquiring the house in the country five years ago. In the time that has passed, the house has been lightly lived in and somewhat overlooked. Our early love affair created a bit of a distraction, so the house needed, let's just say, a bit of work. Besides, every house needs a little makeover every 20 years or so, right?"
"8) “Wow, I never had any trouble at all conceiving.”"
"Obligatory Knitting Shit"
"From the brokenness comes healing. From death comes life."
"finding it extremely difficult to get Central/State Government jobs, govt. housing & other govt. facilities. And finding it difficulty in getting civic facilities. And finding it difficult in preventing the state"
"If a god exists, and specifically the Christian god, then the bible was not written by him, because it just isn’t correct about anything! Even Christians will admit that the bible was not god-written or god-inspired; it was written by desert, goat herders that knew nothing of the natural world and wrote stories to try and make sense of it as well as for entertainment and political reasons to control the fearful people."
"I could have stayed there. Once I fail, it’s hard to adorn myself in humility. It’s hard for me to admit my wrongdoings and seek forgiveness. But it’s part of my growing. It’s part of God’s lesson in my life. I turn back to God because He has not removed Himself from me. He is the one that pricked my conscious, that allowed me to see the hurt on my child’s face, that allowed me to feel the guilt of causing that pain. I turn back to God because it was I who turned my back on Him. I turn back to God and I am humbled. He who forgives before I even ask."
"about a minute ago · Like"
"The Canadian Government — petrified of the ANC’s ‘racism’ accusations — appealed the IRB decision before the Canadian Federal Court. On 24 November 2010 Judge James Russell confirmed Huntley’s persecution fears by the SA government. But, he questioned the legitimacy of Huntley’s ‘refugee’ status by claiming there was a lack of ‘objective evidence’ concerning ‘white refugees’ from ‘credible and trustworthy sources’ such as Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch (para 59, 67). He referred Huntley back to the IRB for a new hearing."
"I couldn't help but put these silly birds together with this fractured funny! At least for me, it seemed fitting to have this card somewhat mimic my neighborhood friends in our last duty station! We were silly like that! I stamped the image and colored it in with Copics. I used American Crafts dp and some scrap SU! Turquoise cs. I could have embellished this card but the image is a good size that I didn't want to cover anymore of the dp as I felt the chicken wire look fit it well. I used some left over dp for an inside strip before stamping the sentiment with Momento Black ink."
"It's strange to look back on it now and realize Tunisia was just a warm-up for what was to come."
"Robert D. Colin, 49, West Babylon, N.Y."
"I came up with a solution."
"While I only attended a dozen Occupy Portland demonstrations, I was consistently impressed that people were getting the message out about the maniacal distribution of wealth and power, despite the heroic efforts of the media to vilify the movement. My heart was also warmed when many of my cohort of social workers withdrew their money from the big banks and put it credit unions–go social workers!"
"1 unlocking"
"Fiat has worked really hard to erase any bad feelings about their owning the Chrysler Corporation. They recently redesigned the Dodge Charger and Chrysler 300 (awesome job, guys!), plus they redesigned the Dodge Durango and they also freshened the Chrysler Sebring (now Chrysler 200) and the Dodge Avenger. Just to top that off, they redesigned the Jeep Grand Cherokee, and freshened the rest of the Jeep line. If that wasn’t enough, they just brought back the SRT (previously Dodge) Viper. Nice!"
"I haven't written a poem in thirty years. My writing has changed, as have my reading tastes. Yet nothing still touches me more than a melancholy melody or an introspective tune."
"Vintage-sounding or prepared pianos seem to be a running theme on this"
"Best of all he knows how to read me like a book, and this is what helps me the most. When I am tired and getting cranky, he will usher the kids into the other room and give me some quiet. If I am stressed and going to blow, he says \"It's time to go outside to play!\" and off they go so I can have a few moments of peace. When I need a break and want to go on a retreat for four days twice a year, he doesn't complain. He just kisses me when I get back and asks if I had a good time, and helps me carry in all my stuff. And then cooks me dinner ;)"
"“I Like My Country Music Kinda Rock”, another Vern co-write, is a bit disingenuous, since I’ve seen little evidence that Vern ever had much rock in his soul. This song would be best described as up-tempo country, with very country instrumentation. I really like the song and feel it might have made a good single."
"Add to this that we currently aren't telling family and have only share with two friends our plans. I really don't want to worry everyone and I also don't think I could \"nicely\" handle their opinions. We don't know how long it will take to get pregnant, so who knows anyway."
"A hole, swirling with black-on-hungry-black patterns, and Clearsight showed the sucking vortex of the air - of Realmspace itself - that pulled at everything nearby. He could feel it through the tightness of the Sherim, he realised, now he knew what to feel for. Some trick of the light that wasn't light at all said that the hole, the Axtli, was spherical, at least for a Second-Realm value of 'sphere'."
"They KNOW about this creature, but they haven't told me (the little monsters), and they have been aiding and abetting the mouse, whom they have called Marmalade... I really don't have words....."
"Today is ANZAC Day. For those of you who aren’t Australian or New Zealander it’s our national memorial day. Everyone goes out and has a beer at the pub – it’s probably the biggest collective migration of 20 and 30 something year olds to their local all year."
"And finally, for some “Wonderful Wednesday” since I know my pages are pretty heavy as of late, guess what! Nevermind, you knew I’d spill."
"Thanks so much for looking and have a lovely week!"
"and removal of miscellaneous brackets and braces."
"I have an episode of ‘Southland’ airing in March. I start shooting a movie with a director friend in late April, and after that I don’t know, that’s one of the perks of being actor, not knowing too far into the future."
"Someone searched today on ‘Lorn Pearson Highland Fling’ and got to my blog… well… it took place yesterday (Saturday 28th April) but I didn’t do it."
"You may be wondering where the white is in this card since it apprears very vanilla. Well, I stamped my flower on stamper's select white. It's a little hard to tell since I added a rhinstone, but it's there, promise. Thanks for looking!"
"Government machinery was intact.Police evacuated people from beaches.Tsunami alert was issues and finally withdrawn after 6 PM."
"Would I recommend this show extravaganza? Hell, yes, highly."
"2) Empty Friend by Failure - from \"Magnified\""
"These photography tips are designed to help you make your photographs looks bright, eye catching and professional and you don't need to have an expensive camera to do this!"
"That is one reason I am grateful for my lack of medical access. It is possible that if I were on the right insurance, I'd be encouraged, or even required, to get any number of tests."
"A big ending for my weekend was necessary, and so I finished things off with Drunk In Hell in The Old Library. Noise-rock, but times a million billion. They just sort of go “BRRROOOOOAAARGGGGHHHH” with massive riffs and menacing intent, and it’s ace. It’s as though the movement of continents started accelerating. I’ve often thought (by which I mean I’ve just thought for the first time) that there’s only one band at a time in a country who can harness such a degree of raw elemental oomph – Mistress used to be the British representatives, but now it’s Drunk In Hell."
"We were a little hesitant to review Fairway Market after our first visit, simply for that fact that it was such a massive sensory overload, there was absolutely no way we absorbed everything in that first trip. Well, that, and it was so freakin’ busy I’m pretty sure I now know what cattle feel like when being herded through a gate."
"John Bremond, Sr. opened a dry goods store in Austin in 1846, eventually settling on what is now the southwest corner of Sixth and Brazos. He later added groceries to his stock, and claimed to carry “cheese, chains, clams, clothing, crackers, cranberries, crowbars, and cutlery.” (I guess if you wanted dresses, decoys, dentures, diapers, Doritos, dillweed, doo-hickeys, and Drambuie you were out of luck.)"
"Brittney is a very loved little girl."
"The email continued, \"By speed eating sugar-free cupcakes, Hungry Todd Rungy wants to bring attention to the Cure de Tour and their efforts to help stop a disease that affects over 23 million Americans, let people know what they can do to contribute to the American Diabetes Association...\""
"When Anna and Leo discover that Bowan's fondness for the kitchen"
"Opelousas is one of the oldest towns in Louisiana. During her earliest days of French and then later, Spanish colonial rule, Opelousas was the headquarters of the Poste des Opélousas. During the War Between the States, after Les Americains captured Baton Rouge, Opelousas briefly became the Confederate capitol of the state (before the Yankees chased the state government up to Shreveport). It is because of her significant role in Louisiana’s history that Opelousas has so many significant homes, churches and buildings – and also many great old restaurants serving some of the finest Cajun and Creole food in Acadiana."
"I know. I am very much aware that these feelings were way too much for my incapable brain to comprehend. I’d toss and turn and glare at the ceiling until the indigo skies would look like its on fire again. Then as if on cue, I’d find myself thinking about her. I cannot tell you how serious my situation was. I’d lost my ability to analyze things and the new found feelings were now tough to grasp. It was like the thought of girls have become my kryptonite and the more I get closer to it, the weaker my body became. Life, I’ve learned, is always unpredictable. For who could have known that I would someday I would be in this mess?"
"Let’s face it. You know you’re on to something important, big, and secretive when you get cut off of a radio show an hour before your time is up with no explanation."
"I blame the obesity epidemic (as well as retailers' lack of integrity). No, I'm not going to rant about how much I hate self-brought-upon obesity, that's not the issue anymore."
"-Add the fried raisins &cashews .garnish with cilantro and place the boiled eggs on top.Turn off flame."
"Schwab added that she knew of parents who had put toddlers on so-called low-carb diets."
"When the Western media lashed out at the Al Khalifa monarchy, projecting only a fraction of the protesting citizens, the silent lot that supported the educational reforms and business-friendly image, was ignored. This was the thought shared by International Automobile Federation President Jean Todt recently: “Do we have to penalise 80 or 90 percent of the population because 10 percent are against? My answer is no.”"
"I had an epiphany yesterday while driving alone to a pizza shop. (Yes, God speaks to His children at the most ordinary of times.) I've always loved change. I've craved it and even sought after it. In the past decade I've wrestled through the truth that some of my yearnings are steeped in discontentment. But yet I also know I'm simply just fond of newness more than the average person."
"If a spot is truly viral, it will go viral but don't cheapen the movement by forcing a brand sponsored spot into the world and calling it \"viral\" just because it has those goats that lose control of their body when freightened."
"I painted my frame cream color. Then I added my mother's name to the frame. This was the first thing I glued to my wreath.Then I made a regular old bow out of purple ribbon. I glued it just below the frame and added a flower to the middle of the bow. Then I just glued on flowers til I got it looking the way I wanted. I added a bit of bowdabra bow wire to the top for hanging it."
"“They were calling us Asian dogs and pussies while they were beating us. When my friend tried to wipe blood from his nose, a teenaged girl stuffed my friend’s mouth with her tampon removed from her pants.”"
"Literally. I got back from Utah two weeks ago and have been sick ever since. The day after we got home, I was hit with a bad head cold. Then came the bladder infection. And now I'm fighting a severe sinus infection on both sides and an ear infection. Hoping the heavy-duty antibiotics I started last night will kick in at any second. All this after months and months of great health. I had the best winter I've had in years, with only one very minor cold. I've been taking care of myself and my emotional health and it's been paying off."
"But with the whole new lifestyle change, you’re looking at water and some carrots… and not even a lot of carrots… about a cup of carrots."
"I have yet to hear the raccoon tap back. Perhaps he or she only does so in the wee small hours, since everyone knows that's the best time to send messages to the other side."
"Thanks again for stopping and remember to stop again the following Monday!!!!"
"This cake was a real delight to make, spread over three days, plus two days to let the flavours set in and mingle before D-day arrived."
"To participate in this GO GREEN challenge please be sure to leave the DIRECT LINK to your challenge submission via Mister Linky. All submissions must be new as of 3/1/10 and be linked up by the due date 3/14/10. Also be sure to mention C.S.D. & WILD OLIVE KIDS in your blog postings so we know we are looking at the correct submission."
"I'm so glad too, because it was pretty rough going their for a year when the girls didn't get along."
"Arthur Christmas"
"Perhaps South Africa really suits the take on Viognier that I appreciate as my rethink on the grape started when I tasted one made by my friend Lorna Hughes:"
"And Yet The Government Still Issues “Tickets” to Vagrants….."
"Fourth, softball is a little over a month away"
"For decades, the GSS has asked respondents about their political orientations under the variable name POLVIEWS and whether they believe in life after death under the variable name POSTLIFE. I recoded the variable POLVIEWS into the following categories:"
"“When groups like HRC let businesses know that they are going to be measured and scored based on their corporate policies, the businesses evaluate themselves for changes based on community expectations and on the practices of their competitors."
"Even while Windrush carried immigrants here in 1948 there was racial conflict: Liverpool again, between 31 July and 2 August, in Deptford on the 18th July; and Birmingham between the 6th and 8th of August 1949 involving immigrants from seafaring backgrounds but the Progressives ignored them. The Times reported the Liverpool battle as about 50 persons ”mostly coloured appeared in court after. ..”a gang of negroes' stoned several white men who were walking peacefully. They were armed with bottles, swords, daggers, iron bars, coshes and axes. The white men hopelessly outnumbered ran away. A Negro club appeared to have been the headquarters of the coloured men, and police officers were stoned and had bottles thrown at them from club windows as they tried to disperse the crowd.”(3)"
"4. What’s the passion that drives you to get up every morning?"
"The biggest step is to make more and more people aware of the issue, so they’re thinking about it in the way they design things. That’s the most critical part."
"Try to do it again tomorrow. (That's what makes it a meditation practice.)"
"My first one has already been claimed by the Wonderkid (although I took it back out of his card box -- the box he uses to store all the cards he makes). He'll get it on or around Christmas."
"Don replied, “We still have the grandchildren’s weddings to look forward to!”"
"But obviously there need to be more cards… right? Well yes, we are missing four cards to have a complete deck. And those four cards can be so many different things. It’s up to you to fill the spot for the last four humans."
"Well wouldn't you have it..."
"How stupid is it to cover miles of land, far from any urban center, with hundreds of solar panels or huge, ugly wind turbines that kill thousands of birds every year?"
"We were legitimately playing fair fora while, and then silverfish invaded my home, and then they multiplied. Riley and Tyler came to assist fearing that they would take over the map. Then Riley abused his powers a bit as admin and started spawning mobs everywhere. They were all over in my house and I told them to burn it. Then Riley started littering my house with TNT. Kaboom!"
"I am giving away one of my Christmas gifts, I got something I already had so I am going to pay it forward! You get 2 chances to win. You have to watch the video to find out what it is and how to enter. You don't have to watch the entire video it's somewhere near the middle and I also remind you at the end. You could skip to the end to find out, if you are not interested in video."
"1. I was born at Midnight."
"Lots of house cleaning (yes, I think that's great...kill me now)."
"This is the proudest moment of my cooking history (as short as it is). This Crème Caramel above is definitely not the most perfect (look at the pesky rips and bubbles in the custard) nor the most artisan caramel pudding around, but I am so so so proud of it because I can now make it for my mother who loves this. :)"
"I returned a few weeks ago from my second of probably-annual treks to China on business. So obviously I need to post on the beer scene in China."
"There's been a bit of a struggle around here (in my head) lately."
"The story is told entirely using testimony. Each of the relatively short chapters is an account of the disaster, told by one of its survivors. There is no dialogue, no interaction between the characters in the book, just stories about the people they met, the people they loved, the people who have died. From the outset, you know everybody talking has survived, so one potential source of tension and excitement is lost, yet Smythe’s novel delivers both thrills and emotion. I should imagine writing the novel in this way was exceptionally hard work, and the results could have been horribly stilted. Smythe manages to hold it all together, delivering a very effective piece of literature."
"The discussion topic was the sociopath’s girlfriend, who he claims is not his girlfriend, but merely a coworker, who he lives with, and takes everywhere he goes, including family functions, like Thanksgiving, Christmas, and birthday celebrations. I have known he had someone for about two years now, and I could not care less. What bothers me, and my 7 year old son, is that he lies about it when it’s so obvious. Seriously, we are divorced, and anything or anyone that takes his sights off me me if fully approved by me. I’d like to warn her, but I know just about how far that would go, so…"
"On the subject - Greenwich based Meantime have a strong range of beers and a strong reputation. This brew is their way of gently reminding the beer loving community that even lager can be finely crafted."
"In my eyes the 80′z Roc Event was a total success and ke sure bigger n better events are yet to come from them."
"Keegan DeWitt (singer-songwriter, film composer)"
"\"Images of Mary breastfeeding Jesus were once ubiquitous in churches around the world. But eventually in North America, as the artificial feeding of babies became more popular, and the plastic bottle replaced the breast, our nipplephobia got the best of us and these sacred images all but disappeared from churches and art galleries in North America.\""
"But don't forget that we can't allow this shit to happen. Next time they're coming for something else. And yes, there will be a next time if we don't stop them. Write to your ISP and tell them to appeal the case. Write to your local MPs and tell them that this is not allowed. Make sure your voice is heard. Remember, we're all the pirate bay, and we must stand united against the censorship from our opponents!"
"A lot of people who don’t believe in God are that way because they’re great intellectual types…they even pride themselves in how intellectual they are. I am not saying that’s always the case…but I’m saying in some cases it’s true. And even those intellectuals who do believe in God, reject the God of the Bible. They simply can’t wrap their brains around it in a way that makes sense to their great intellects."
"Me? Well, luckily, she thinks chubby is cute."
"...those made in Sunday School out of foam and paper plates. Allie Claire was so excited to give me a Mother's Day flower. Our house is overflowing with her Sunday School artwork and I am hoarding it all up and claiming it as treasure. Only a momma could love scribbles on construction paper and foam cut outs covered with glitter."
"For Rowan to know that he is loved. Always. What more could any of us want for our children?"
"anyone talking?"
"The Goon #39"
"In fact, I do like the 4 men that are going to be involved, and I know we will get 2 good matches at No Surrender, especially seeing, what I think might be the first one on one match between Kurt and Jeff Hardy."
"Kurt Vile – Smoke Ring for My Halo"
"My memories of the party are that Leif was really nice and everybody loved him, and that he brought big joints of really good pot. True story! Here's more Garrettmania:"
"On the tourist trail the story is quite the opposite. The beer scenes in Brussels, Brugge and Gent are booming. The best beer selection these days is found at Delirium Café in Brussels and at Bierbrasserie Cambrinus in Brugge, cafés that have seen the light of day only during the last few years."
"While my cousin Angie was in town visiting, I decided to make waffles for breakfast. I had found a new recipe on America's Test Kitchen that promised crispy waffles and called for rice krispies in the batter, and I was curious to see how it would come out."
"10pm on a Saturday, just hung one of Angela Simione's sweaters. I got it last week but we were waiting to get our vintage wire hanger from Etsy that wouldn't poke through, making holes. The sweater greets you when you walk in. I passionately love it. Next to that on what we perplexingly call the farmer's bureau* a bouquet from the market today, bachelor's buttons and sweet williams, what romantic names. Angela also sent me an Elsie Paroubek drawing, that will go in my office. We are in a state of chaos regarding our triptych of pink silk sculptures/fetuses/monsters that will hang outside the administration building at Naropa. The large one looks like the Abdominable Snowwoman. We're panicked on the rest. Hopefully something fetal - we're running out of silk. Today - eternal wrangling with packing and shipping cos (just realized today that we will have to also ship the things back). I haven't written my talk. I ate popcorn for dinner. My author's website goes live soon, the finale file for Heroines hopefully next week, etc. Gina and Carrie come on Monday, then on Wednesday I'm road-tripping for like six days through the South, doing readings, etc., then when I come back will leave immediately for a day reading in NYC, then a couple days off, then Colorado. Etc. Insanity. And all I'm doing, all I'm doing, instead of writing essays is delineating more and future essays, delineating what I haven't written, what I should write someday. It is almost as if the process of delineation, of separation, is my process, separating books from each other so they don't comingle, make chaos, except that's all I seem to reside in, that state."
"In the East traditionally freedom as spoken of in spiritual paths is seen as an inner thing, whereas in the West freedom is regarded more as something that is experienced externally, in regard to society and so forth."
"During the initial information-gathering stage, TeAL staff asked convenors to complete form scoping different assessment types, to help with planning support. Fields include ‘Change approved’, ‘Submission date’, ‘Formative or Summative’, ‘External Examiner Access’, ‘Storage of Work’."
"But there is no way I can drive by myself here in China, I will never do it, period. Below picture is me in our car driving after sending Little Miss to school."
"Jack Jones: Angel Eyes"
"Back to normal programming tomorrow."
"Well worth looking at Bob's work again..I recommend it.."
"There is always something interesting to be found in my car (I am not all that great about keeping my car clean…oops). I have found CDs I thought long lost, a single shoe, several mismatched socks, sweaters, and even a pair of pants (why am I disrobing in my car?). There is constantly dog hair and empty coffee cups. Old mail too but that usually gets removed after a day or two because I remember I need something out of the mail I tossed in the back seat. I currently have a pillow (this is starting to sound like I am homeless) and painting supplies in the back. Nothing in there surprises me anymore and it is always mine."
"Him: Yeah, all the guys were sitting around the break table talking about how it's the time of year when everyone's wives or girlfriends break out, The Blanket."
"This summer appears to bring a shot in the arm to the flagging comedy market. Joined by John Scalzi's Redshirts: A Novel of Three Codas and Rob Reid's Year Zero, Koch's novel is a cinematic space opera, blended with plenty of sexual innuendo and a dash of bathroom humor, told in a wry sarcastic voice."
"Sutherland, Ian - THE KEPLER DEAL"
"Pick it up and dust it off the shelf! Yes…you know what “it” is! You know you sat there and it flashed across your mind and made you smile while reading this. Life is just for living!! Likkle bit!!!"
"I’ll fold them forever"
"Quote: “Dear Baby, Welcome to Dumpsville. Population: you.”"
"It wasn’t awful enough to completely rule it out. I really wasn’t happy with it, but I was able to at least finish."
"Overall I think this movie is good, it’s just a shame that the script is too choppy to really focus in on the relationship of Jung and Freud. Honestly the story is almost too big to be contained in one movie and yet I don’t think it could ever sustain more than one. I think this is a case where the history is more interesting to go read than to watch. Still for lovers of Cronenberg, and people who want to delve into the world of Freud and Jung then this is a good beginning."
"We did this, after moving from Ontario to Fort McMurray just last summer, for the same reason we’ve always moved over the past 4 years: Because I have yet to find a doctor in Canada willing to work with me to help me regain some semblance of a normal life."
"I am 6 weeks post surgery. Life is sort of getting back to normal. It took longer than I thought it would. It has been a whirlwind of emotion and experiences, and I hope to settle down and get grounded for a bit."
"The second nerd nodded approvingly, “Good choice. The clothes probably wouldn’t have fit.”"
"And the little we know, we don’t like. Josh Lucas is a cynical gambler and former Navy SEAL who resembles a catalog model. Kurt Russell is a former Mayor of New Yorkand former New Yorkfireman with a really good tan. Emmy Rossum is his pretty daughter who resembles a fashion model. There’s another 6 or 8 like this but it hardly matters; none of them are members of the human race as you or I know it. The original film was about a group of highly imperfect people, people you might not peg as survivors or team players, summoning the strength and the character to go on. They were played by such sex symbols as Shelly Winters, Jack Albertson, Red Buttons and Ernest Borgnine (Marty, for god’s sake). Along the way, you got to know these vulnerable people, like them, and consequently, root for them. Lately modern Hollywood repeatedly makes the mistake of thinking we want to root for invulnerable people, and I hope to God they’re wrong because the technical name for that philosophy is fascism. The modern hero is a vigilante on steroids dispatching dozens of bad guys with an AK-47 (or in the case of Poseidon it’s Josh Lucas leaping 100 feet through a burning oil slick into the water beneath in order rig a special rescue device with a fire hose). But in my book, if the hero is superman the stakes are zero. And why on earth is Kurt Russell a former New York Mayor? It is as though the creators, perceiving that they could not write any characters we could like, opted to replace them with symbolic shorthand for concepts with high Q score. It scans more like a football playbook than what you would call a script. But, contrary to popular belief, you need a script. Without one, all sorts of moral questions go unasked. Stay or go? Live or die? Help the hopeless or save myself? At one point in Poseidon, Richard Dreyfus, as a gay millionaire, is forced to shake off a man who is clinging to his legs for dear life over a burning precipice. Once accomplished, this action, which would be traumatic for any person with a conscience, is never referred to in the film again. This is not good. In these treacherous times, the cinema – all culture – has a role to play in helping us process new realities, and in helping us as citizens of a presumably democratic nation to think and decide the questions of the day. Questions with life-and-death implications for all of us. In light of this, the question on everyone’s lips should not be, “Are we ready for Flight 93?” (we undoubtedly are), but “Are we still able to stomach Poseidon?” Me, I was puking over the rail."
"The Sabu to Nubra Trek is another beautiful touring destination for trekkers visiting Ladakh. The tour includes 10 days of fun filled trek including all the modern amenities required by modern people today. You need to climb up 3400 meters from the Sabu hill to Diskit. The Nubra valley is very famous for Bactarian camels, sand hills, Samstanling Monasteries, Khardung La Pass and Deskit. You get to see the beautiful regions of the Nubra Valley,the scenic beauty, the huge landscapes and the beautiful culture here is too good to resist. Undoubtedly one of the best place for trekkers in love with modern amenities."
"–SANDHILL CRANE, NW of Cochrane, meadow W of RR60, just NE of Twp Rd 282, Ron Kube,"
"Er... make that tonight."
"Mike Fuller, USA WEB"
"And all that is awesome if you can keep it up…but I’m telling you last night I screwed up and listened to the wrong voice. The one that said…."
"It may have been bright and sunny,"
"(She may also be my new drag role-model)"
"So all in all, the rash lasted 10 weeks, 1 week before I gave birth, maybe even 2 if I can recall, but I wasn't too attuned to it because it was low on the list of things that was going on and it hadn't peaked in severity yet. It was at its worst 1-2 weeks after delivery and finally completely went away 6 weeks Postpartum."
"Malts: 2-Row pale, caramel, chocolate & Munich"
"Tue, Oct 09 Cleveland, OH Wolstein Center Fri, May 11"
"The AT&T Center in San Antonio was a fairly standard stadium venue; but, lord, how long has it been since I attended a \"stadium concert?\" I think, maybe U2 back in the early 90's? I went with an old boyfriend to see James Brown at the Erwin Center, but it was really a fairly small show...not sure if that counts. Anyway, it was big, but the crowd last night was only about 11,000. That seemed strange...I think Houston sold out in like minutes."
"Let's get onto the HAPPY! Today, we are having a Love My Tapes Mother's Day Blog hop. There is a PRIZE, so be sure to hop along to all the blogs and leave comments. There are only SIX stops so it will take just a few minutes to do the hop! One person will win: 1 lace tape, 1 fabric tape, and 3 washi tapes! You have until April 26th to leave your comments! We also have giveaways on the Love My Tapes Facebook Page so be sure to come join us there too! The blog hop starts on the Love My Tapes Blog."
"We both acknowledged that we didn't fault anyone for the things they said, how would they know what would make us feel good and what wouldn't? If you haven't been in our situations, you don't know what to say, and we know everyone's intentions are good."
"Vases"
"Heat the olive oil in a large oven proof stockpot over medium heat . Add the onion, carrots, celery. garlic, tomatillos and chilies and cook until tender. Add wine, cumin, coriander, chile powder, tomatoes and stock and bring to boil. Add the uncooked meatballs, cover with lid and braise in the oven for 45 minutes."
"The birds are from The Fish Box on Etsy. Melissa was wonderful to work with, and the birds turned out so beautifully! Plus, her prices are incredible! I’m about to order some more for a mobile I’m making for my sister."
"there may be someone to catch me.."
"My mug returned to me."
"Red crowd: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHOHMYGAWDREDYEAH"
"One of the major positive changes to GK104 that Nvidia has hyped is the improvement in the chip’s performance per watt. Without time to do a comprehensive writeup, we had to resort to some quick-and-dirty testing — but what we found was striking. Check the chip’s power consumption in 3DMark’s first game test."
"Heavenly Mother(s): The exalted wife/wives of Heavenly Father and His partner(s) in creation and procreation. She/They are to be revered for Her/Their perfection and glory, but don’t make too much mention of Her/Them, or you might be excommunicated."
"*Leah is forbidden by her father either to look at the movie screen or to listen to the dialogue. Holly agrees, but deceives the father by telling him the theatre is soundproof;"
"they will just be like"
"10 years later in July, 2006, when he moved down south. He had one of his biggest successes when winning the Becher Chase over the National fences on Ardent Scout at Aintree in November, 2002, and won Wetherby’s Castleford Chase twice aboard Mister McGoldrick, who gave him a first Cheltenham Festival success in 2008 when winning the Byrne Group Plate aged 11 at odds of 66/1. He won the 2007 John Smith’s Red Rum Handicap Chase at Aintree on Bambi De L’Orme. Elsworth was out of action for 14 months after being concussed and injured in a fall at Ffos Las in August, 2009, but returned to a heros’ welcome when winning on his comeback ride, the Paul Webber-trained Edgbriar, at Cheltenham in October, 2010. He rides primarily for Paul Webber and Henrietta Knight and recorded a Grade One victory earlier this season aboard the Knight-trained Somersby in the Victor Chandler Chase at Ascot in January."
"Those who follow my work, know how much of an over qualified tea drinker I am and these combine all the aspects that make my work 'me'."
"Love and Light,"
"And you, you are just a cunt."
"Focus, Dave."
"Thump, thump… up the stairs!"
"My man of the match yesterday would be Nani, with Welbeck closely behind."
"The end result is a book that's entertaining and worth reading if you're a Batman or Catwoman fan--especially as the characters were portrayed in the 1980s and 1990s. However, it's not a \"classic,\" so, despite the upscale and long-lasting format it was originally presented in, I doubt it's easy to find a decade after its publication. Should you come across this two-issue series at a flea-market, comic book convention, or on eBay, I recommend grabbing your copies."
"The neocons started the Iraq war. Now that is as “foreign policy” as you can get. Why did Bolton’s United Nations “take a pass” on attacking Iraq? Did the United Nations think the attack on Iraq was confused, incoherent, incompetent and ILLEGAL?"
"Once you've determined your comparable books, see where they are marketed. Periodically look for them in a bookstore and see where they are displayed. Do they pop up on Mother's Day displays? Then perhaps a good secondary market would be Moms. Also, look online and see what markets the publisher is trying to reach. A Google search (once you've gotten scrolled past all the blog reviews) will get you that."
"So what i do is just show up...and put them all in the same general area and take as many pics as i can...just capturing the stage of life i'm in and the fact that i have 3 sweet boys that don't need to smile to show personality."
"wrestles not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against"
"Adaptability/Flexibility – Demonstrates the ability to maintain professionalism and a positive attitude when encountering changes in the workplace. (i.e.: Seeks to understand changes; maintains positive attitude when dealing with change; makes appropriate behavioral adjustments when needed.)"
"*Since we offer you the instruction for free, we request that you purchase the beads for each lesson at our store."
"Downy Save $.50/1 fabric softener liquid or sheets (5/11) ETS"
"While most of the netizens said, “It is just because of the angle that she was taken in the MV.”"
"Kenneth shook his head. “Fuck no!” He retorted with a laugh. “After all the shit that’s been going on?”"
"As some of you know, the theme for my youngest daughter's 2nd birthday was chosen due to her obsession with cheese :) It seemed only natural to have a cheese and mice themed party."
"As expected from D.O who belongs to the vocal line, his biggest advantage was his singing abilities. Because he likes to sing, D.O entered all sorts of singing competitions and ultimately went through two years of training before debuting."
"BF: That’s where they are being used and turned into controlled opposition. They are trying to numb people to the message."
"My first job was an anti-oppression, arts-based employment-training program, being offered by this youth-run, arts/media centre. After that, I worked for a local community garden, mainly taking care of the garden, weeding and planting, but also asking questions whenever I could. The last job I had been with a non-profit, Environmental Youth Alliance, as an intern for six-months. It was such a rewarding job. There were roughly 12 interns, including myself, taking care of three community gardens E.Y.A. managed in the Downtown Eastside. I learned more about the city I live in, other ways of living and eating, gardening, and how valuable community places are."
"My Dad was a teetotaler who didn’t permit alcohol in his home - not even for cooking. But the stranger felt like we needed exposure and enlightened us to other ways of life. He offered us beer and other alcoholic beverages often. He made cigarettes look tasty, cigars manly, and pipes distinguished. He talked freely about sex. His comments were sometimes blatant, sometimes suggestive, and generally embarrassing. He spoke of homosexuality and other sexual deviances as though they were totally acceptable, to him affairs and divorce were the norm. He encouraged race-mixing and communism, even when those things were looked upon with disgust by most Whites, even the most liberal. I know now that the stranger influenced my early concepts of the man/woman, black/white relationship."
"Another method… which I really recommend you do not try at home… is to have a stroke in your left hemisphere. This is what happened to a neurologist called Jill Bolte Taylor, and although she was seriously ill, her life was in danger and she needed intensive hospital treatment as a result, the experience of the injury was an amazingly positive life-changing one, see: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyyjU8fzEYU. The simplest and safest way to activate your right-brain and to disarm the attacks against it from Illuminati-controlled society is just to be aware of its presence and to trust it. This was the most important thing Ian taught us at Shift 2. I think that the right-brain gives us hints, a little dig in the ribs every now and again that is just its way of saying: “Don’t forget, I’m here.” The synchronicity and premonitions we discussed are a part of that. A time is coming when we may not need to use the arduous above activities because of changes going on in the universe around us, which is in turn affecting the sun and the Earth. This all ties in with the 2012 phenomenon that Ian also explored. A couple of years ago Ian took a trip to Peru to meet with a tribe of Indians called the Quero. These were a tribe that everybody had assumed were wiped out by the Conquistadors in the 16th Century, but in fact they just went underground, living mostly in secret settlements high in the Andes mountains and keeping away from the general population. For some reason they decided to go public in the early 1960’s and reemerged from their hiding place to the astonishment and delight of their fellow Peruvians. While he was in Peru Ian fell down the stairs and broke his leg; I remember seeing him still limping at the 2010 Glastonbury Symposium, see: http://hpanwo-tv.blogspot.co.uk/2010/07/ben-goes-on-tor.html. But this worked out for the best because he couldn’t go climbing with the rest of his group and so was free to wait at the bottom of the mountain and talk to the Quero Indians who found him there, in the true way that these incidents manifest themselves synchronistically. The Quero believe that in 2012 to 2013 the sun will go into a massive overdrive of activity that will cause it to bathe the Earth is solar flares. This will do terrible damage to electrical and electronic equipment that could take years to recover from; but, on the positive side, it could free us from the control of our right-brain by the Illuminati, so making their New World Order impossible. The legend the Quero speak of is shared by many indigenous tribes throughout the world. The Maori of New Zealand call it the “unveiling”, this is the literal translation of the Greek word apocalypse; not “end of the world”, but “unveiling”. It all fits into place! We can see now why the Illuminati agents in the Conquistadors were so desperate to commit their evil genocide on the American Indians, just like the Holy Inquisition did to witches in Europe during the thousand years previously. And that brings us onto the next interesting fact: The Vatican has just set up the first ever office of the Holy Inquisition anywhere in the world outside Rome… in the city of Lima in Peru, right on the doorstep of the Quero. Could the Chemtrails be an attempt to stop the positive effects of the solar flares reaching the Earth’s surface and so preserve Illuminati left-brain rule? I’m not sure; there are a lot of unanswered questions over Chemtrails and their true purpose, see: http://hpanwo.blogspot.co.uk/2007/10/chemtrails-and-tomorrows-world.html. However Ian feels confident, as do I, that these attempts are futile and will fail. I’m glad I went to a Shift 2 event and I’d recommend them to everybody. Ian’s done a good job striving so hard not just to present them, but to do all the donkey-work as well. We left in high spirits. Both Ustane and I were inspired and filled with hope. Ian exudes a sense of optimism that cannot be found in any other researcher, even his runner-up David Icke. It was tiring to sit there for six hours taking in all that information and processing it in my brain… both hemispheres of it… , and my bottom was very sore afterwards, but I do resonate with what he was saying. I’ve noticed this in my own life since I was discharged from the Hospital Portering Service. Things have been working out for me very well, see: http://hpanwo-tv.blogspot.co.uk/2012/04/tv-guns-and-lawyers.html. Along with my housecleaning business I’ve been offered a job as a columnist in a new UFO/conspiracy magazine, of which I’ll post details as soon as they’re available. I’m also going to edit the magazine. Ironically if I were still in Portering I probably wouldn’t have the time. So now we know that clouds do indeed have silvery linings, and why they do."
"It's hard to know exactly what can be done to improve executive functioning skills in young adults and the problem is twofold;"
"Now that I’ve had time to process the news of our big move and HUGE life change, I’ll definitely be much better about remembering to take pics of all the fun stuff we’re doing to end the year in 1st grade :) The tricky part will be keeping this house clean with two crazy boys and all of their little toys and messy little hands…should be FUN! HA!!"
"SUZFC Blog (suzfcblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time."
"Until next time, thanks for visiting"
"Finally, they sell some Dutch treats such as De Ruijter bread toppings. Holy smokes. I looked over, saw the boxes and I was transported back to the early 1990's. My UCLA roommate, Agnes is Dutch and we had a shelf of the chocolate sprinkles and anise and little pink & white ones in the apartment. She introduced me to Nutella...when you had to buy it at import stores. Oh, the Dutch and their bread. Delicious combos. Great memories."
"Whatever it was, Jennifer got the advantage going into the next elimination round, in which we got a visit from last season’s winner."
"~ Yiddish Proverb"
"Detailed party directives — which can arrive daily at editors’ desks — also restricted coverage related to public health, environmental accidents, deaths in police custody, and foreign policy, among other issues."
"Luk 11:24 When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest; and finding none, he saith, I will return unto my house whence I came out. 25 And when he cometh, he findeth it swept and garnished. 26 Then goeth he, and taketh to him seven other spirits more wicked than himself; and they enter in, and dwell there: and the last state of that man is worse than the first."
"Thank you so much to everyone who left good wishes on our Wedding Anniversary yesterday. We had a lovely evening .. .. perhaps I should switch my computer off and pack my crafty goodies away early more often!!"
"My dad, my mother in law, sister in law & her family showed up around 3 and we munched on the fruit & chips until dinner time. Yes we ate the chocolate covered fruit as an appetizer and that was for a very good reason."
"The bucket can be filled with candy, baubles, pens,"
"“D”, our talker, and by talker I mean ALL DAY… lol… he loves to know “why”. He has made huge strides in his communication of how he his feeling. He is big on personal space and we have come a long way of being able to get closer to him to be able to work with him. He is getting really good at using his words to get us to back up if we are too close or if he needs a break."
"still share the love of the cute lil shops we've"
"There is no height"
"But those days were good."
"If the three or four action scenes that punctuate the body of the film seem a bit boilerplate, with the likeable team of Asgard heroes not getting much time to strut their stuff even when the film sets us up for that in the finale, it feels like an acceptable lack nonetheless, because Thor retains dramatic cohesion. Branagh manages to invest it with emotional immediacy. The pain of Loki, the confusion and regret of Thor, the anger of Odin, and the earthly emotions of Jane all make an impression, and give impact to the familiar but still enjoyable moments when Thor’s fellows come to his earthly aid, and his self-sacrifice results in his power being restored, perhaps the most rousing moment I’ve seen in a superhero flick since the resurgence at the end of Superman II (1981). Hemsworth, whose sole claim to fame prior to this was in playing"
"There are three important ways that God uses the community to shape us into his masterpiece."
"This is what we get in terms of character development. Mr Palomar may begin the book fully formed, as a man who needs order in a chaotic universe, but his personality, his curiosity and his innate sadness are gradually peeled down as we read more about him. His need for meaning is frustrated when he visits the ruins of Tula in Mexico. He knows that “in Mexican archaeology every statue, every object, every detail of a bas-relief stands for something that stands for something else that stands, in turn, for yet another something.” He knows that “every translation requires another translation and so on … to weave and re-weave a network of analogies.” (My own search for meaning made me wonder if this paragraph was a sly reference to Calvino’s longtime translator, William Weaver, with whom he collaborated on his English language translations. “I had problems with Calvino,” says Weaver, “because he thought he knew English.”) Yet he overhears a school teacher assuring his class, visiting the same ruins, that “we don’t know what they mean.” By this time in Mr Palomar’s story, we feel like smiting the teacher ourselves. Our hero, ever enquiring, never certain, is far slower to state his conclusions."
"Leo Graham - My Little Sandra"
"Ignorant of that reality we can imagine just about anything--even mining camps on the Moon with ore-carrying shuttles. But the decline of fossil fuels--which have up until now allowed us to harbor such daydreams--may soon shock us back to reality and return us to the urgent task of organizing a society that runs on less, not more energy."
"While an officemate is out, move their chair to the elevator."
"I didnt mind the job so much..…that is ….until Pam opened the door."
"Dual John Smith’s Grand National-winning owner Trevor Hemmings, who was born on June 11, 1935, boasts a classic rags-to-riches story. Brought up in Woolwich Arsenal, south east London, where his father worked at the Royal Ordnance factory, Trevor was sent to Lancashire as a five-year-old during World War II and began life as a bricklayer’s apprentice after leaving school aged 15, before becoming involved in the Pontins holiday business. He eventually became the owner and sold it to Scottish & Newcastle in exchange for a significant share holding in S & N (in 1989). He bought Pontins back in 2000 but retained a stake in S & N, which netted him £218 million when the company was sold in January, 2008. He has recently agreed to sell his major shareholding in Arena Leisure Plc, which owns Folkestone, Lingfield, Southwell, Wolverhampton and Windsor racecourses and manages Doncaster and Worcester, to the Reuben brothers. Arena also has a major part of specialist broadcaster At The Races which owns some of British racing’s media rights. This follows on from him selling Blackpool Tower and the Winter Gardens to the North West resort’s town council for £40 million in March, 2010. He also owns a share of Preston North End FC and is chairman of the TJH Foundation, a charity which makes grants to organisations such as Macmillan Cancer Relief, St John Ambulance, Crimestoppers Trust and the Royal National Lifeboat Association, the Injured Jockeys’ Fund and Racing Welfare. In 2011, he was appointed a Commander of the Victorian Order (CVO) for his work as vice-president of the Princess Royal Trust Carers. In 2011, the Sunday Times estimated Hemmings’ wealth at £550 million, £50 million more on the 2010 figure. Hemmings fulfilled one of his greatest ambitions when Hedgehunter carried his colours to victory in the 2005 John Smith’s Grand National. After years of trying, Hemmings had finally emulated his mentor Fred Pontin, owner of the 1971 National hero Specify, with his 13th Grand National runner. Ballabriggs added a memorable second John Smith’s Grand National success in 2011. His first winner came on the Flat in 1985 but Hemmings now brings on young jumping stock at Gleadhill House Stud, near Chorley, Lancashire, managed by former trainer Mick Meagher, and at his Monymusk Stud in Co Cork. He first tried to win the John Smith’s Grand National with the Stan Mellor-trained Rubika, who finished 14th in 1992. Hemmings, who was made an honorary Jockey Club member in December, 2006, is based on the Isle of Man and is said to have paid £12 million for the Ballavodan estate on the island where his retired horses live. He enjoyed a double at the 2010 Cheltenham Festival with Albertas Run (Ryanair Chase) and Ballabriggs (Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Handicap Chase). Albertas Run added a second Ryanair Chase victory in 2011 to go with his other Festival triumph in the 2008 RSA Chase and a further Grade One win in the 2010 John Smith’s Melling Chase at Aintree. As well as those already mentioned, his best horses have been Trabolgan, Burton Port, Young Kenny, Blue Shark, Cloudy Lane, Afsoun, Turpin Green, Arctic Jack, The Last Fling and Simply Supreme. His best season numerically came in 2007/08 when his horses triumphed in 51 races in Britain and Ireland. He also has eventers who are ridden by Zara Phillips. Hemmings, who has two Jack Russell terriers named Patch and Brandy and is a fan of both the TV detective series Columbo and the films of Clint Eastwood. John Smith’s Grand National Record:"
"AGE had mentioned me in one of his posts and posed a very important question:"
"The crowd was peaceful. People greet each other even though they do not know the person."
"A blog I follow regularly, Danny’s Kitchen, posted a rather fun and interesting challenge that he is calling “The Great Leftover Challenge.” The rules of the game are:"
"Next entry - Maryland again!"
"Direct call is a feature which allows you to call a contact from reading or composing a text message, if you are doing either and place the phone against your ear the phone will automatically call the contact on the screen for you!"
"Some other interesting questions."
"I think you can see the true chocolate color a little better in this close-up!?"
"The Government’s recent changes to the Reporting of Injuries, Diseases and Dangerous Occurrences Regulations (RIDDOR) will mean that employers only have to report injuries that keep workers away from their normal duties for more than seven consecutive days – an increase from the previous three-day reporting period. We should therefore expect a reduction in the number of accidents reported. The HSE estimates there will, as a result, be 30,000 fewer reports a year."
"I am just home after seeing M, and I need to write or else the session will become a vague memory, and there's a big possibility that I will block it completely."
"Two days ago, at Savannah's softball game, the little kids were lying on the ground coloring with markers. Clay got bored coloring and stacked 3 markers together in a kind of makeshift light saber. Because playing with weapons is always a good idea. Anyway, this looked like fun to Brooklyn who did the same thing. Except she decided she wanted ALL of the markers so she ran around, chasing Clayton, screaming and whining that she wanted his markers too. Right on cue, Clay took off teasing and taunting her just to make her scream a little louder because not everyone within a 15 mile radius could hear her."
"“I want to start tonight’s set with that wicked version of Slither, Sadie and I came up with. It’ll build tension, then we’ll explode on the crowd after a minute or so.”"
"The Morris arguments were not entirely ineffective -- he saw his vote percentages rise from 22.2% that first year to 53.5% last season (his 12th on the ballot). But Blyleven's percentages climbed appreciably faster. By Blyleven's 12th year, he was at 62.7% and seemed just about ready to get the necessary 75% for induction. The very next year he was at 74.2% -- just a handful of votes away from induction. Last year, his 14th on the ballot, he was voted in at almost 80%."
"1 AM Lasagna!"
"“Do you want to talk or..?” So quiet, he has to strain to hear her, that little-girl lisp to her voice is almost endearing."
"One motive for farm murders is labour disputes. There is a dispute between employers and employees which escalates to the point where one party kills the other. The police sometimes point out that very often a murderer is someone known to the victim — a family member or an employee or employer. And this applies to farm murders as well."
"Then this happened:"
"Takeaway: In Ex parte Yamada, the BPAI agreed with Examiner that \"hardware error\" read on memory usage reaching a critical threshold because memory was a type of hardware. The Applicant presented a definition of \"hardware error\" as \"an error caused by malfunction of a physical component of the computer,\" then argued an error in memory usage was a software error rather than an error in a physical component. The Board characterized this argument as irrelevant for not being within the scope of the recited claim limitations."
"Level 14: MP Cost: 33, Damage: 364%, Attacks up to 6 enemies."
"1 Sunny (Part I)"
"I also love Pi’s psychological battle with the tiger, Richard Parker. It was funny at time, anxious at most. Pi’s sheer will and determination to survive made him smart and diligent in finding ways to live after being adrift with a tiger for more than seven months."
"He arrives home and calls for the servants, but of course there’s nobody there. He goes into his bedroom and kneels beside the bed to pray, but before he can get far, he sees the servant girl stretched out, naked, and very, very dead. He totally freaks out and runs out of the room, screaming for help."
"Three cannot be one it is mathematically impossible."
"The marker was not hard to find again. A bird, full of bright plumage, rested upon the arm of the small skeleton. The bird preened itself, squawked down at William, then flew off deeper into the jungle following the skeletal direction. Sergeant William looked back to the river. Now I have a proper guide, he thought, and followed after the bird."
"The mental block I've had lately has become an enormous time sucker, causing me to spend hours searching Google for absolutely nothing in particular and then wondering where my entire night has gone. Granted, I can also blame a little of that on the constant stream of Law & Order: SVU episodes we have DVR'd. But honestly, I've just felt like I have had nothing noteworthy to write about. For example, the recent topics I considered blogging about (but ended up staring at Elliott Stabler instead) are as follows:"
"15) NIGHTMARE – The Abstracts"
"Sullivan awesomely spent almost an hour on the phone answering these questions on a Wednesday and Friday morning. There were tributaries that’ve been compressed or cut for clarity, but this is fairly accurate."
"3:17 - Clean rest of kitchen, do dishes, empty, refill and start dishwasher (that starting part, I'm particularly proud of because I usually forget it), plan for supper, set table, take out garbage"
"kirwanstudios@sbcglobal.net"
"He trusts that we will be equal to it."
"But it doesn't mean much if you can't get your books into stores."
"Boys softball tryouts today after school."
"For the past several days (okay,okay it’s been a few weeks) I have been less than prolific. I mean that as a writer. Proliferation is relative and makes me think of profiteroles, which makes me think cookies, which, of course makes me want to slack around some more."
"- Jamaal Magloire has the largest shoe size."
"Basically everybody knows what to expect here that can be seen in plenty of other Nicholas Spark’s adaptations that have come out in recent years such as ‘Message in a Bottle’, ‘The Notebook’, ‘Dear John’, ‘The Last Song’, and plenty others. All of those (with the exception of one, I’ll let you guess which one) are very bad and pretty much the same exact thing. This is another one that can be added to that stupid list that needs to go away and go now!"
"This piece is done in black and clear and as we talked about other options I had a brain wave… I have now commissioned a piece for my brother’s 50th birthday. She will make a piece in the ‘next size up’ – with silvered ‘leading’ glass ‘dew-drops’ and a beechwood frame. I have chosen a different font for the lettering. All very exciting. I have never commissioned anything of this nature before."
"High Performance Landscape Guidelines is the first document of its kind in the nation: a comprehensive, municipal design primer for sustainable parks and open space. The product of a unique partnership between the Parks Department and the Design Trust, a nonprofit organization that helped create sustainable guidelines for NYC buildings, High Performance Landscape Guidelines covers every aspect of creating sustainable parks, from design to construction to maintenance, and feature many best practices for managing soil, water, and vegetation resources."
"Nurse: Zero ici (Her swirling her hands over my boob area)"
"This blog is mainly for transitioning into HR, but today I’d like to write more about cultural transition. I’m a huge advocate for working abroad and I truly believe that without global knowledge you are limiting your professional and personal opportunities."
"Israel is no “mercenary of the West in the heart of the Middle East” but an outpost of Western civilization in the midst of barbarians. Besieged on all sides within the short span of 60 years it became culturally, politically, economically, and scientifically the most developed nation of the region and deservedly proud of this great achievement. Moreover as a civilized outpost, Israel is at the forefront of the fight against the holy warriors of Islam, of Hamas and Hezbollah, the proxies of its most dangerous enemy Iran."
"the only thing we have to pay for is my food and a rental car."
"I was sad to hear today about the death of comedian Gregg Jevin. I met him around five years ago and I was going to write his autobiography. Eventually, it fell through because I could not get through to the real person."
"When I leave it pulls me back, it calls to me. It reminds me that one time when I was young it became a part of me in more ways than one. It reminds me that it will always be a part of me. It reminds me that no matter where I've been, where I am, or where I am going.... I will always come back to the Pacific Ocean, it's only a mere part of what gives me joy!"
"The first thing I am going to do is define what missions is biblically and then what that has to do with our lives."
"These flowers you must try today. All of you have the material to make them, probably within arm's reach:"
"I started my fun day by going back to sleep with no alarms set to wake me up again.But then I guess my body is not used to such kind of indulgence and I woke up only an hour after I had gone off to sleep.Sheesh!!!!So sleeping during the day was crossed of my mental to do list(Yes!!!I made a mental list.Could’nt help it).Got up and read the newspaper leisurely for more than an hour.Lots of newspapers actually.(Usually I hurriedly go through the newspaper’s headlines while having my morning cup of tea and that’s the only dose of daily news I get.)Suddenly I felt all good and knowledgable as crazy as that sounds"
"Look at locks to confirm that they were indeed locked."
"1735 - Poor Richard's Almanac"
"When a knock came at her door"
"2 gestate"
"Commercial production of food and goods"
"And most comments agreed with me that Mycroft had something to do with it too, as well as Molly."
"Nothing more than a forgotten shadow"
"Highschool."
"This a homey dessert to enjoy during strawberry season...or after! I saw several recipes using frozen strawberries but I think fresh strawberries would be best."
"You’ve probably seen the film with Julia Roberts. If you liked the movie, you’ll love the book. This book changed my life so much, I felt compelled to write a ‘Thank You’ message to the author! And I haven’t even written to Anne Rice, the woman I consider is my patron saint!"
"Making The Best Choice In Monitors"
"okay, i’m done rambling. gonna take my pills and then off to bed i go."
"2. Get acquainted with the store layout: IKEA's showroom and marketplace floor are designed to lead you past every single piece of furniture they sell. This winding labyrinth layout has been hugely profitable for IKEA, as it confuses shoppers and urges them to grab items and go because they may be too hard to find later. My tip for staving off impulse buys is to stay the course as you wind through the showroom. If you're pressed for time, make a beeline to the department you need and utilize shortcuts to minimize distractions or getting caught up in showroom traffic."
"With every cramp and contraction I feel worried."
"i absolutely love this mangaka! her stories are cute, hilarious, and the art is amazing"
"\"The holographic doctor, Annie.\" answers Penny, \"He told me he never gave himself a name, so I have said I will call him Joe until he finds a better one. Actually, I think he is going to keep it.\""
"And it moves in circles."
"More or less"
"I love him. The children love him. Right now we would rather have him whenever we can (when he's not retreating from the family and hiding out in his room). We know there are bad times, but comparison matters. It's important to see where he came from and where he is now. I'm not going to cut and run because he slipped up and made a mistake. I make mistakes, too, and he gives me another chance."
"The people who will be in charge of this are the technologically minded. People tend to gravitate to new products without thinking about their possible repercussions. It falls to the people putting out the products to follow their own moral passions and convictions. Will you want to be remembered in the future as the person who developed the technology that caused humanity to fall into lethargy, or the one who propelled us to new heights as a species?"
"The relentless Achiever can stop and ask herself, do I really want to be doing all of this? Is this really me? What sacrifice am I making for my self-interested accomplishments? If I’m telling myself that I must do these things for the sake of my family, am I certain that is true? When the Achiever sees through her projections, she can finally take a long, languorous breath and start regaining her balance. Indeed, she might find that she truly loves what she is doing, but she is no longer driven by fear of failure or by compulsion. People around her can feel her transformation. Suddenly she is warm and vulnerable and capable of deeply connecting with others in her life. Even her dog greets her with more excitement when she returns home after a “not as long” day at the office."
"Parks had been set to present three options for phase two to local community boards earlier this year, but that was delayed by the possible DEC intervention and wetland classification. Those pushing for the site to remain natural say they are hopeful the state’s involvement will prevent the city from building ball fields on the property."
"Technological advances, particularly since the 1970s, have massively and rapidly altered the capitalist system in one crucial respect. As Hobsbawm suggested, computers and robots have created a large surplus of people around the globe. And capitalism, which is about growth, profit and speed of production, is unable and unwilling to deal with the surplus of humans."
"Christopher Nolan’s sophomore film, Memento, is arguably a giant experiment in editing. It re-invents the needs of montage editing for its own narrative purposes. By opening the film in reverse, then playing subsequent scenes in not only the wrong order, but in the reverse order, Memento forces the viewer to reevaluate everything previously established in montage technique."
"- Arthur Rimbaud"
"The Lord Chancellor, Jack Straw, is well aware of the pressing need to rein in the growing problem of libel tourism and the use of libel law to suppress fair, public comment and scrutiny."
"And, the round ends with Chris Tickle on top. That round was close as well. I’d give that round to Tickle, but it could have gone either way."
"Stephen P. Dimino, 48, Basking Ridge, N.J."
"What about you? What room would you change?"
"Gregory: big woop"
"2. Because of above, the doctor would have a REALLY hard time not telling us."
"She made to get out of her seat. I was transfixed and only noticed Ibrahim, my friend when he snapped his fingers in my face. I looked up, Ibrahim was a friend I made in law school. Our love for the weirder things in life brought us together and since that fateful day when he came up to me and said"
"The first book at the end is Divergent by Veronica Roth. I loved reading this book so much! I was captured from the first page, and I absolutely can’t wait until Insurgent (the sequel)."
"If you want people to have wings, but don't research the anatomy and physics of everything, your explanation of 'magic' should hold up. If they're using magic to fly with their wings, there should be the attached magic rules: drain vs. free energy. But if they're flying around and not feeling exertion of any kind, I start to disbelieve that aspect of the worldbuilding. I begin to question and doubt the author's prowess, and then I see that they don't really need to fly at all, do they? And then I begin to question plot and character, which leads me to see that Character A could've easily avoided that plot twist by making a better, obvious decision, which leads to everything unraveling. Just because the logic of flying wasn't air tight. (*teehee*)"
"Finished with the Rayman Origins and the Dead Island. Rayman was worth the hype. Really great, even fun in co-op. Dead Island had elements I liked, but I lost interest well before the finish. 2 more off my list. Might go retro again next."
"Me: Fuck off Ed Begley Jr."
"The truth is there's something very uncompromising about photographs. Historical novelists can easily forget the reality of bad teeth, smallpox scars and unwashed bodies when they consider the work of tasteful portrait painters – but photographs show everything but the smell. I suspect ‘scratch’n’sniff photos of the past would be the death of historical romance."
"Hi, Free-Rangers! Leaving behind the topics of politics, feminism, environmentalism and all that, here is a comment from a few posts back:"
"The problem here is that the Ebay court provided no guidance on what types of remedies are appropriate for the court to consider, and how the remedies are applied."
"Well done Zurich! (The firm that shut down its insurance business in Leeds a few years ago leaving hundreds out of work)."
"So, who am I?"
"Tuesday, March 22 - Uptown Theater - Calgary, ALB"
"While this is important to me you should buy the brand that has the best fit for you."
"Jerry Jeff Walker"
"Jenny Rough: A lawyer-turned-writer whose articles and essays have appeared in a range of publications, including AARP The Magazine, More, The Washington Post, Whole Living, and Yoga Journal."
"The more questing soul.*"
"It's not a new book, but I missed it when it came out in the late '90's. I think I picked it up at McKay's, Knoxville's big second hand bookstore, but I think now that I've read it, it's a \"must have\". And it does have recipes--excellent ones. They are all very simple, but elegant. All using very fresh ingredients, perfectly seasoned and clearly influenced by Allende's Chilean heritage. Nothing too heavy, but everything fraught with suggestion. Also very basic--so it's an excellent book for newlyweds who can't boil water, bachelors looking to impress the objects of their affections and 20-somethings lost in the kitchen. And so much fun to read."
"Josh: No. Robots aren't people. They're metal."
"Just as everyone else has written about the end of summer holidays, I'm doing the same thing. Tomorrow is my official day back to work. Unofficially, myself and several other colleagues (keeners) have been working on and off all summer long preparing for the year."
"Your friendship through this process has made me realize that though there may be a few who are out to tear down and destroy-- the majority of people are kind hearted, loving, and supportive."
"Yeah, if there’s one thing I associate with Bobby Petrino, it’s memorable catch phrases."
"The lawn can be described in one syllable - peh."
"There is not a more powerful means to obtain true contrition than the Sacrifice of Holy Mass. Let sinners who desire their conversion come with confidence to it: Jesus Christ will speak in their favour, and will appease the just anger of his eternal Father, and obtain for them the gift of penance. This the Council of Trent teaches us."
"Well now a lone man in Toronto has started a campaign not to shut us down but in a way to shut us up."
"Supplies: Cardstock: Bazzill; Flowers: Petaloo, Prima, Recollections; Jewels, Butterfly, Heart: Recollections; Trim: Queen & Co, Tim Holtz; Die Cut: Memory Box"
"I think hair is the nuisance of every Black girl's life. First, it takes so long to do. Can you imagine as 4 year old having to sit still for an hour? Even the day-long styles take a lot longer than ponytails: 5-10 minutes or so."
"Kavan, whose nose was broken in the attack, said: ‘I just can’t understand why it happened. I’d never seen any of them in my life before.’"
"cross"
"Soaking wet I look upon the new plowed earth"
"FÜR JEDEN GESETZLICHEN KONTAKT, DER VON EINER POLIZEIBEAMTEN ODER EINE VOLLZUGSBEHÖRDE DIESES ZUSTANDES ODER EINE POLIZEIBEAMTE ODER EINE VOLLZUGSBEHÖRDE EINER GRAFSCHAFT, DER GROSSSTADT, DER STADT ODER ANDERER POLITISCHER UNTERTEILUNG DIESES ZUSTANDES AUFGENOMMEN WIRD, IN DEM ANGEMESSENES MISSTRAUEN EXISTIERT, DASS DIE PERSON IST, WIRD EIN, AUSLÄNDER, DEN WHO IN DEN VEREINIGTEN STAATEN, EIN ANGEMESSENER VERSUCH UNGESETZLICH ANWESEND IST, GEBILDET, WENN DURCHFÜHRBAR, UM DEN IMMIGRATION-STATUS DER PERSON FESTZUSTELLEN, AUSGENOMMEN, WENN DIE ERMITTLUNG EINE UNTERSUCHUNG HINDERN ODER VERSPERREN MAG."
"Bread/Cake - for food - a chocolate brownie"
"it nods, folded like a sleeping bird,"
"A portion of the trunk of a Norfolk pine by the beach."
"“I know who’s going to die, and isn’t going to be me,” I whispered. “Chinese water torture is too good for him. Splinter those bamboo chopsticks--the minute he gets home, they’re going under his fingernails.” I’d learned a few things from my father’s stories of ’Nam. And of course, by reading about the war. After all, I was a librarian. I’d read nearly every book on the shelves. Maybe I’d do a search on torture techniques."
"High School class reunions are always held during this week and it's always fun to see everyone come home. This year marked my 30th reunion!! I already know, you don't have to say it!! ;-) 30 years is a long time and that means I'm old!! :-) We had about 20 classmates show up and they all looked great. I didn't make it to the picnic, my body and health weren't cooperating!! :-( However, I did make it to the parade..."
"“We’re seeing shifts because of reality TV. We’re also seeing characters in TV shows like Hawaii Five-O and Entourage,” said Adachi. “You’re seeing those characters pop up and I think it’s a combination of things. you have talented actors, who carry with them a level of acting ability combined with star power."
"Greetings unto this illustrious group!"
"The end results are impressive. And very Chorlton."
"Utter and complete madness presided over by Corin ‘Parker Lewis, I Know My First Name Is Steven, Jonas Quinn’ Nemec. I think if I had sharks that were not just angry or a wee bit miffed but actually raging then I’d send in Parker Lewis, he can’t lose apparently. Raging Sharks is one of those movies where it’s best to start drinking earlier, you may then find that as Parker Lewis negotiates his way through sharks, aliens, spaceships, treacherous assassins, nuclear submarines, cosmic crystals, Corbin Bernsen and some footage from Shark Attack 3: Megalodon that you actually start to enjoy yourself in the midst of the stupidity."
"*Last but never least, Jo continues to be an absolute delight. At two, he is talking and singing and climbing and doing gymnastics all over the place. Here's a quick look:"
"I kept eating."
"My little zebra kitten heels (last seen here) were perfect for all the walking I did - I probably walked about 6 kilometers/3.5 miles, including walking home. My bigass flower helped tie in the browns of the shoes and the bag."
"Once the marshmallow frosting was whipped to the right consistency, I piped it on as fast as I could before it cooled and set. By the time I piped the last few cupcakes, the marshmallow frosting had become so difficult to pipe, it was like squeezing a giant solid marshmallow through the piping tip!"
"16And he that sat on the cloud thrust in his sickle on the earth; and the earth was reaped."
"The other horses stood quietly while the grooms set to work with their blades, but I fought them more wildly than Bucephalas had fought the Persians. With me rearing and squealing and biting, it took three men to get a muzzle on me. Bucephalas gave me a painful nip on the withers, and then the grooms got a rope around my hind leg and tied it to my neck, so in the end I had to stand on three legs while my beautiful flaxen locks – still frizzy from the River Granicus – fell into the mud."
"It is clear to me that most whites in South Africa already have a common goal, they just don’t know it yet. All the people above, from the Boer Republicans to the emigrants, have the same goal, Freedom from oppression!"
"Say “Exxon” and the only thing the public thinks of is “Valdez.” There is much more to this corporation, but don’t expect to find it in the nation’s press. And, yes, Exxon’s handling of the spill in 1989 is now a textbook case of what not to do."
"Director: John Fasano"
"I don't know if because of the antibac stuff in it, but when you first initially spray down there, it will sting. I want to buy the blue one to see if that would also sting but instead of buying it online I just buy the red can at the store. If you tore or had stitches or are just plain sore down there. This does bring you some relief! Minus the initial burn at first. Ouch."
"When Marge returned he was empty handed and fidgety. “Can you believe it, Bill's not fucking there? Fuck. He's always there!”"
"The sky remained overcast as we unloaded but I had a gut feeling the rain would hold off; and it did."
"I always thought it's a normal thing, happen to many women because I've heard many mention it?"
"The Attorney General also announced that the Justice Department’s FY 2010 appropriation includes an additional $6 million for Indian Country prosecution efforts. At least 35 additional Assistant U.S. Attorneys and 12 additional FBI victim specialists will be added in offices with an Indian Country caseload. These new resources will enable the Justice Department to bring the federal justice system closer to Indian Country, including through a Community Prosecution Pilot Project that the Executive Office of U.S. Attorneys is currently developing."
"poly.pistachio -"
"She told me that just before she said she had to go shopping with the sometimes wife of her second husband."
"“Sir, you have to let me be here! Do you want Van Raighan to succeed?” It was all Rel could do to keep from begging. Few towns were closer to a Sherim than Federas. Without the Warding, there would be Wildren in the streets, maybe even in the houses."
"113 5. “Federal Prosecutions and American Politics: A Note of Caution.” Chicago Tribune, April 22, 1973, sec. 2, p. 3. See Item D-V/2/1973, below."
"Ba-dum. Ba-dum. BA-dum!"
"Kruder & Dorfmeister: Original Bedroom Rockers"
"Look for businesses you like and follow them, too--they may tweet about specials or coupons, and a lot of companies are using Twitter as one more way to provide customer service. Check out the feeds of Overstock.com or Zappo's, for example. Notice how often they're responding to customers. They're watching for people who mention them, offering help to those who complain and saying thanks to those who compliment them."
"All the thoughts I am trying to contain are swimming around my head, crashing into each other. I could compare it to items in a washing machine, all the pants and socks and shirts in no sort of order just all swishing around. Or perhaps it is similar to when you are searching for a radio station and you keep on fiddling with the dial and you hear talking interspersed with music and static. Maybe it is like this for a lot of people, it’s too easy to jump from one thought to another while you are trying to forget about the first thought."
"That, and just seeing a film projected big can be an overwhelming feeling in an of itself, especially with the widest of aspect ratios. This I especially felt with The World—though perhaps a part of that was because I was seated in the second row of the theater. (At theaters like Film Forum and MoMA, I have started to make it a habit to sit as close to the screen as possible—especially at Film Forum, where the screens are relatively small compared to the standard multiplex screen.)"
"If we can raise a minimum amount of £250.00 then we are in for a chance of having that amount doubled. So please help!"
"But every once in awhile, I get a strong hankering for ice cream that’s extremely pervasive and cannot be taken care of by anything other than the smooth, creamy, ice cold stuff. For the past few weeks I’ve made sure we had a small carton of it in our freezer and have big Sub Zero Ice Cream plans next weekend. The other night I thought to myself, “I wish I had some ice cream” and then realized I totally had some in the kitchen, just steps away. That made for an excellent evening."
"American School & University"
"I want to stay in touch, in spite of a sticky mouse."
"Hope all is well with everyone! Tis me Carlyann here this morning with news of last week's fabulous winners and tops for the blue black and white challenge!"
"I cut her out using my nestabilities, and then doodled around the edges. The paper I used is Crate Paper Snow Day."
"I’m not a big science person — if anything, I’m a social science nerd — but this Gizmodo post intrigued me. The snark in the Gawker media family gets tiresome, but every now and then, they have a good find:"
"It’s Father’s breath that filled the lungs of man…the only part of creation that required His breath. No other part of creation would have the relation to Father God that is reserved for us."
"The only one who was slightly freaked out by this activity was the dog, who looked up in complete disbelief when I trotted off downstairs armed with the iron. And then the look I got when I got back upstairs with the ironing complete was a picture... that Nell does laconic particularly well. Her Sunday ritual... well ok her every single day ritual... of going straight back to sleep as soon as she can, resumed pdq."
"A distinctive feature of the team has the ability to freely maneuver between the club and electronic format for home listening. The ‘Matematica’ project participants believes that the modern musician should be able to combine different musical means to use all possible resources, and not restricted to one style."
"He told me his girlfriend now has 21 ducks and a Buddha statue in her back garden. To celebrate, we went down to see the ducks in St James’s Park which is a fine example of ornithological multi-culturalism where any number of imaginable and unimaginable breeds intermingle, mostly politely, and occasional light grey pigeons wander randomly about, looking slightly stunned at the surrounding plumage, like drab, grey-suited City gents who have accidentally wandered into the VIP hospitality tent behind the Pyramid Stage in Glastonbury."
"During sophomore fall semester and junior year spring semester, I read a book for my mass media and society class and a full length creative novel in my society in literature class. Both books were relics from another era, the 1950s and 1960s, but they have to be the single most important things I’ve ever read."
"A little light relief on the trademark case law will also be included. this time, not from a solo but by Dennis Lee of London law firm Silverman Sherliker LLP"
"Lawrence would be elected for three stressful one-year terms (spring 1834-spring 1837). At the very top of his to-do list was New York's water supply. The new mayor had inherited a city quickly bursting with new residents and a paltry water supply so rancid and inadequete that one source blames it for the increase in public drunkenness. (Hey people have to drink something, right?)"
"Gods and animals, homeless and mentally ill,"
"2 garlic cloves crushed"
"This recipe is for a moist champagne cake filled with raspberry curd and topped with a champagne french buttercream."
"While we were there (and we will gloss over the ditches DH made me clamber through and the fact he was very close to letting me fall flat on my face in the mud), there was a massive storm about six miles away. The thunder was incredible, because it’s not like hearing a storm in a city with a background of traffic. This was birdsong, birdsong, and literally five seconds of booming, rolling thunder. This scene over the oilseed rape fields will give you an idea of the sky."
"The first thing that grabs the viewer's attention is the fact that we have a consistent musical score throughout...not that this is a good thing, because it is the same blooping, monotonous bleat of Casio keys we got in the middle of BDDFH, without the benefit of a rock guitar tune at the beginning and end. No, all broken electric keyboard beats start to finish. And some screeching high-pitched...well, I guess they call it singing. But for the life of me, I can only imagine someone's torturing a cat with a bug zapper."
"Sprinkle chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Place in the pan and brown well on both sides, about 7 minutes per side. Remove from pan and keep warm."
"I just made Amaretto Shortbread from Baking Bites - or at least I almost did. I had to leave out the lemon zest as Martin's stepdad saw my lemon in the fruitbowl and thought 'Ooh! Gin and tonic!' Grr. It still tastes good though!"
"Tokelo Nhlapo, a member of the Student Representative Council at the university and also a member of the ANC youth league sang the song while the group was waiting for Malema's arrival to deliver a speech on 'economic freedom'."
"That’s right – we said 30% off everything*. For a store that does not often run sales, this is a pretty big deal. You can get the sale on Sacs, Covers, Other Comfy Stuff (blankets, pillows, Nooder and friends, slippers), and even Sactionals. That’s right: you can get your dream living room at one of the best rates you’ll ever see in our store, all for the first hour of Black Friday. And of course, you can’t forget the limited edition packages. SuperSac Cow Phur Packages will be $599, while CitySac Cow Phur Packages will be $399."
"So there you have it, now for some rules:"
"“What a pretty foot you have,"
"There are several scenes like this in the movie which are surprisingly emotional and I’m not ashamed to say I could feel some tears starting to swell beneath my eyes a few times. If THE MUPPETS was simply nostalgia, it could be played just for laughs because the thing about nostalgia is that it comes with a recognition that those times are past. We might recapture faded glories for a moment or two, but they’re not coming back. MUPPETS is so much more than that because it’s not just an ode to what used to be, but an admission that important things were lost. THE MUPPETS really isn’t about making the Muppets popular again (that’s the understandable and external goal of Disney); it’s about scolding you for letting go of loved ones, and giving up on dreams. There’s a reason this film is out during the holiday season – it’s much easier to forget about disconnected friends and family in May or August, but not so easy during the Thanksgiving to New Year’s run. MUPPETS doesn’t just invite the Muppets back for one last nostalgia ride, but demonstrates how to get the important things in life back into your own life. There’s plenty of laughs and gags on the surface, but deep down THE MUPPETS is a film about recentering the self and the soul."
"Kim Basinger (The Getaway)"
"The 10-day Vineyard trip will likely also be met with criticism from those who think the president should downscale and travel to Camp David or back home to Chicago. Like former President Clinton, he doesn't have a ranch like former Presidents George W. Bush or Ronald Reagan, or a beachside resort like former President George H.W. Bush."
"The Toronto Star editorialized on the matter in today's issue oblivious to the fact that the pro mass-immigration agenda it promotes in its pages plays a major role in youth employment. It opts instead to shift blame to the government for making cut backs to services that it assumes will undermine the employment prospects of Canada's young. The paper is right to blame the government but for the wrong reason because mass immigration is the problem and if the government should be making cut backs anywhere it is in the number of immigrants this country receives each year."
"2. We need to extend my payroll tax cut that’s really a gutting of Social Security. It’s about to expire. (Applause.)"
"Entered into Stampin for the Weekend - Sparkle and Shine challenge."
"He did great. A few times I felt the bile rise and I stopped to walk briefly in order to keep from puking right then and there. He could've kept running. (Though funny thing, when I walked he fell behind - he told me I walked too fast!)"
"I kneel beside Vacuum Man and grope for the fanny pack, trying to keep my mind on the long days of lounging ahead. Unbuckle the greasy strap and yank the pack out, Vacuum Man yelping into the gag. I slap him, unzip the pack, flip it over. Out flutters a twenty-baht bill, a pile of coupons and vouchers, and one ATM card."
"So, I guess I’ll end with an open-ended question – is the reason for the desire for a flat ontology/immanence ultimately because of ethical concerns? My answer is yes, it should and must be. If so, then what are these ethics? My sense is these MUST value talking about racism before frogs (although frogs are important too!), not because of anthropocentrism, but as Steve Shaviro has recently argued, anthropomorphism. Humans are a complex example of what is to be valued, ethically and politically, in the universe, but not the privileged standard of value. Otherwise, anything humans did would be de facto good."
"Here's Al carrying Lucien home from Virginia Family's place. Our dear friends were kind enough to watch our kids all day AND serve us drinks when we went to pick them up. We are lucky, lucky people to know the people we know."
"Writing. Duh."
"The memories are apt to come back quickly, as the entry to the exhibit will be carpeted with AstroTurf. “When we were doing interviews, everyone commented on the field — that it was extra green and bright. They said it was the first thing they noticed,” explained sophomore Abena St. clair."
"You anti-Whites ONLY demand this be done to EVERY White country and ONLY White countries. You are demanding and justifying the GENOCIDE of my people."
"You'll be looking for work with a major trading magnate"
"Book format: paperback, 528 pages"
"A machicolation is a floor opening between the supporting corbels of a battlement, through which stones, or other objects, could be dropped on attackers at the base of a defensive wall. The design was developed in the Middle Ages when the Norman crusaders returned. A machicolated battlement projects outwards from the supporting wall in order to facilitate this."
"Oh be still my beating heart."
"I love the narrative arc of this story: one can work at a normal job (Kooser worked in an insurance firm) and go on to be poet laureate of the U.S. I hang on tightly to those narratives when I must go to meetings that go from boring to combative to everyone being frustrated by our restrictions--all in the course of 2 hours."
"Askia nodded his head, leaned forward in his chair, and a big smile spread across his face. “Well, what took you so long? We’ve been here waiting for you.”"
"Maybe that’s an indication—the force with which I’ve fought for my life is an indication that I think there’s something worth fighting for. That at the bottom of the person wracked with serious depression, who spends so much of his time fantasizing about suicide and death, is a desire for life, a pure, beautiful life free of pain, where every second is not a fucking struggle and every sound is not a jarring noise, where the Other comes to me with love, not a desire to crush me and hurt me."
"In conclusion: JJS’s Pulphead: Essays is a fine collection that I’m glad I took the time to read. However, I’m not sure I’ll read any of his essays again, save for one or two. It’s great journalism, that’s for sure, but it lacks the probing profundity of DFW’s essays. If anything, I’ll keep my eyes out for future magazine articles by JJS."
"How would you describe your scrappy style?"
"Word of the Day"
"And one other thing: if you’re going to write an essay about education, sentences like this can’t be a part of it:"
"author of Better Never to Have Been: The Harm of Coming into Existence; Department of Philosophy, University of Cape Town, South Africa"
"To the city of New Orleans,"
"But anyway. These communities have created their OWN public distribution system. It's truly amazing. They have seed banks (all run by illiterate dalit women) and they give seeds to farmers to grow these local crops. The only condition is that they have to bring back twice as many seeds the next year, so the seed banks keep growing. It's just really great. I can't do it justice. And these community distribution systems are currently supporting around 50,000 families in this region. It's sooooo aaaaaweeessssooommmmmmmeeeeeee."
"Yes, it's the smallest headline and shortest article on that page."
"So who's with me? Admitance is the first step to recovery you know. So if you feel me leave a comment about one of your memorable bouts of what we all know to be temporary lunacy. At least we hope."
"But here’s the thing: I guess I’m not really a hard polytheist. Yes, I believe the gods are individuals and not just archetypes. But I think that individual deities are more like regional accents or separate species than they are like individual people. Nor do I think there is a singly divine pantheon misinterpreted in different places as the Romans did. Freyja is not every goddess. She is distinctly not several other heathen goddesses—she is not Skadhi or Hella, for sure. And she is certainly not many goddesses from many other pantheons—she is not Kali or the Morrigan or Hera. She is not even every love goddess—I’m almost certain she is not Aphrodite. But there are other goddesses she is, mostly."
"Hmmm. I did do cotton hand towels, with that terrific Weavezine looped pile, I could do that again. Nahhh, the family has what they need right now, and the presentation needs to stay focused."
"We run to be fearless and confident."
"I think it is crucial to carve a space out for yourself. It doesn't have to be an entire room. But a little cozy spot that says relax and unwind. We all need to recharge from time to time and my spot is a soft place to land when I am having a rough day."
"Boo."
"Visit our website: www.mtairybaptistchurch.com"
"The delicate combination between Affordability and Quality is achieved by investing considerable quantities of time and effort into the research and development of each Tocco Tenero product. This is done in order to maximise the use of material and accessories while minimizing weight during the construction phase to lower the cost of manufacturing and therefore allows for very affordable retail prices."
"Get the hell out of our country and go back to your own if you don't like what we do nor like our sense of humor!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Maria cleans every Saturday and Buddha bless her soul; she tidies up everything, including stacking random change that I end up knocking down every week."
"The gallery was swarming with people all day - many local and all interesting. So interesting that I forgot to demonstrate and did a fair amount of chatting. This sheep hand puppet came visiting, if I remember rightly, he is a Sunday school prop and is still used now. His 'helping hand' is the wonderful artist Belinda Durrant."
"8. Sonsöz 02:28"
"Of all things I've talked about in this series, this is the one that I find the scariest. I think we're closer to realizing this one than many of the others. And, more than any of the others, this is the one into which we will go voluntarily."
"By the way, RPI is currently 5.6%, and a more realistic measure of the financial increases people actually have had to shoulder. Some people will tell you that USS had no choice but to switch to using CPI instead of RPI because the scheme follows the measure used by official pensions, and so when official pensions switched to CPI, then our pension had to too. This is partly true, but it was also within the power of our trustees to break the link with official pensions."
"Anyway, the article in Oprah caught my attention, and one part really resonated. It talked about working through fear - and that our brains can not simultaneously experience fear and appreciation. Making a list, or talking through what gives you comfort, support, and hope allows you to move past the fear. Throughout this journey, Andrew, J and I have been presented so much love and support and while it's been appreciated (a ton), it's not been officially recognized. We spent some of the afternoon on Thursday taking a walk and talking about our gratitude and what we've gained in this hard journey since Andrew entered the world."
"“Stand up”, Lamar commanded in a loving yet stern tone."
"Anyone care to join me?"
"juvenile feathers, in about two weeks!"
"The first step in credit repair is to close all but one of your credit accounts as soon as possible. You will want to either transfer your balances onto the one remaining card or set up payment arrangements, but close the account to new charges. This allows you to pay off one credit card bill rather than many smaller ones."
"…so, here it goes…"
"Whether or not you go to church tomorrow."
"Again, follow the right people and companies on Twitter and you’ll never miss anything, ever again. Events, competitions, initiatives... it’s increasingly simple to stay abreast of this stuff. If you miss someone flagging up an ideal date for your calendar, then you can bet someone else will post/retweet about it later. Follow TV, radio and/or film production"
"when my Lady Spring announced"
"Okay..now. Let's get baking!"
"I turn up at TFFKAML’s house, hoping to lose myself and my plastic container of slightly stale looking chocolate rice crispie cakes (the Co-Op’s selection is a bit depleted) among the crowd of genteel and elegant ladies who are each carrying magnificent home-baked contributions."
"show me"
"I think it was with this book that Fleming toyed with killing off 007, having tired of the character and the hassles of dreaming up new adventures. It would have been the perfect vehicle. Instead of a third person report on the death of Bond (like he tried, almost, in From Russia, With Love), we have an eye witness report. The tell-tale sign occurs just before the final battle. Fleming practically foreshadows Bond's death when he tells her to \"remember who I was\". He gives her his 007 recognition number and runs off to fight. She wonders why he would use the past tense, and in the suspenseful fight that follows we hold our breath as Bond and the baddies shoot it out."
"Haddie came out from dance"
"The parents of three of the four boys who were sent home from Live Oak High School on Cinco de Mayo filed a lawsuit today against the Morgan Hill Unified School District, Principal Nick Boden and Assistant Principal Miguel Rodriguez for violating their First and Fourteenth Amendment rights."
"Next Saturday, I will get up bright and early and have breakfast with my oldest daughter. We will plan out what we will be looking for and where we’ll go. Will I find Conan the Barbarian comics for a friend’s birthday? I will be looking for Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel comics. I’m also looking for the next volume in Stephen King’s graphic novel series The Stand."
"These people slip into my armour and become part of my obsessions and I will love them forever, re-watching, re-reading, and re-listening until I fall out of my rocking chair. Does this make me a character? Probably. I won’t be a bag-lady but I’ll never fit into the normal shape of an old woman. As long as I don’t slobber over young men in public I shouldn’t make anybody sick…but I can’t consciously think salacious thoughts about young men because my grandchildren are stretching into manhood and it doesn’t feel good. The men I want to hook my eyes and ears into are all over thirty – so that’s all right then, isn’t it? And don’t get me started on Timothy Olyphant from Justified. God, that man’s a god."
"After I laid them all out I wasn't that thrilled with the sheer regularity of it all, it was too...clinical or sterile or something. I tried rotating a few squares around and in a way I liked it better but in the end I just left the one to break things up a bit. This is what my plan looks like next to the result"
"If you asked my children to define Christmas they would probably say “When Mommy and Daddy give me lots of presents!” While this response is not uncommon it is troublesome. This is why I searched for a book such as A Baby Born in Bethlehem. Here, Martha Whitmore Hickman explains the Nativity story with a simple, yet compelling narrative. This story is filled with all the love and joy that only this season can bring.2. Seven Spools of Thread; A Kwanzaa Story"
"Martha Stewart... Double Arches punch."
"It depends on how the issue is framed and who is framing it. But it goes something like this: Proponents of restarting some of the nuclear facilities are saying that parts of the country will experience energy shortfalls, leaving not just homeowners to suffer but also the country’s economy as big businesses potentially compensate and reduce production. And, relying on fossil fuels will not just create more emissions but also increase energy costs for those same businesses and consumers."
"These are realms which the now stultified and immobile yang does not understand. She is the wave form of light; she is “the tiger” of which Einstein knew he’d grasped the tail, but understood he would never comprehend the whole of. The science of his mind was inspired by the wisdom of that intangible feminine element. The now overly structured world which we inhabit despises the improvisational, unpredictable, serendipitous realm of the feminine, much to the detriment of our potential for integrated, human brilliance. And a great deal of effort has been expended in order to destroy, demean and control that elemental. It is important to remember, however, in freeing ourselves from the prisons so precisely built and mortared by limited hands, that, just because you do not understand something does not mean it is pathological. Unable to see into the dark, that is exactly what the male brain has attempted to do with the right side of their brains, so well-embodied by the female. The stones and walls that have been built are, in fact, a direct reflection of the inabilities and limiting fears of the minds that built them."
"Sunday: chicken Rice & broccoli"
"You were there again"
"Levack did what all sane authors do with a comfortable and successful 9 to 5 job when they get a book publishing contract from a major publisher—he quit so he could concentrate full-time on his second novel."
"And, when you thought she could deliver nothing more beautiful, she gave us my wonderful brother Tommy at the age of 42. A tough C-section, and beset with physical problems the rest of his life, she still never looked at him as anything other than her son, she made sure he got to school, danced at the school dance, watched his favorite sports, enjoying life to the fullest."
"On a sad note, today we are saying goodbye to Lisa Vaughan who is stepping down from TEAM S.A.S. Lisa has been a wonderful team-mate and her cards were beautiful for each challenge. We wish her well in her new job and will miss her greatly. Here is her last card and as always, it is just gorgeous!"
"Congress is debating the reappointment of Ben Bernanke, an acolyte of Alan Greenspan, the previous Chairman. Both are equally to blame for not putting the brakes on the cheap credit that led, in part, to the lending and borrowing spree that got us to this point. They had a lot of help, though, from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac."
"I got 2\" wide drapery rings with clips at Target on clearance for 6.00 each (7 rings per pack). The total for the rings was 72.00."
"Her memorial is tomorrow. My brothers, daughter and sisters- in -law have gathered beside me at my mother's old home in Williamsburg to make arrangments. We have put right her house, sorted photos, written and cooked a good deal of food. I have done everything but paint."
"Here is a very nice compilation of 10 classic 60s TV themes, in super stereo sound!"
"There is little chance of recovering any of the money, so Mother is now completely broke. At least she is blissfully unaware."
"I didn’t say I don’t love you anymore"
"Copyright (c) 1991 – 2004 VERITAS SOFTWARE CORP. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED."
"Peelton to Ncemerha;"
"tfl and have a great day!"
"Until now, Interpretatio-style syncretisms have been taken as matters of equation: that Sulis is the same as Minerva, or that Apollon is the same as Maponos, or Dionysos is the same as Shiva, or Dionysos is the same as Osiris, and so forth. This accounts for the (somewhat dismissive) part of the definition of syncretism above that indicates syncretism suggest “an underlying unity.” However, I don’t think this is necessarily the case–it only seems that way from a modern perspective, and particularly from a modern monotheistic perspective, which cannot bear the notion that polytheism really exists and that such plurality and diversity can be encompassed in a singular term without some notion of equation, union, or synonymity."
"Very fire and brimstone. Also very black and white: here are some types of people; these types of people will not inherit the kingdom of God. It’s almost as simple a statement as “And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.”"
"You can write whatever pops into your head but try to be original."
"Scrapbook a little more."
"N."
"- Isn't religion that thing that makes you believe? that thing that makes you feel alive? that thing that makes you a better person?"
"I've been quiet of late, but believe it or not I've been gaming my Butt off! Woo Hoo!"
"“I’ll tell you this, and you’re certainly close to an expert in football, I’m sure you are,” Georgia’s head football coach said as the 250-plus fans at the Macon stop of the Bulldog Club tour Thursday night at the Walnut Creek Shooting Preserve began to create a buzz."
"Beauty, as in beautiful women, and power they hold. def one of his favorite obsessions."
"A giant lumbers into view, answering the mystery of the cow. One mystery remains, however. How am I getting away from this alive? While I’m frozen still, debating what to do, the giant lazily passes me by. Oh. I’m not sure whether to feel relieved or insulted. For all the giant knew, I could have been a lean, green, giant-killing machine. I guess he’s smarter than he looks."
"12:30pm Team buses arrive (parking lot K at Cabrillo)"
"Well, we've had a LOT of changes here recently. Like I almost gave up on all the schooling and was a smidge away from placing the kids into one of those online public school programs. I didn't though...but I have looked into the options of more \"prepared\" materials/activities and more things that involve organized events."
"Despite a slight mishap (I dropped a whole tray of finished ones on the floor!), these were a LOT of fun to make! They are not the usual cake pops that are made from mushed up cake and frosting and then formed into balls. These little (chocolate) cakes are baked in balls and then dipped in melted chocolate."
"Today is a big day. Today, you become dangerous. Today, you are declaring war. You have spent years learning about your weapon, the sword of the Spirit, the Word of God. You have learned all about it. You’re not experts yet, but you’ve got the basics. Today you’re getting out of boot camp and joining the war effort. You chose as your class verse Psalm 23:4. It says, “Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me.” And that is your rallying cry as you move to the battlefront. Today, I tell you: Be dangerous! To do that, recognize that you are invading hostile territory. Also, trust your general."
"So a bunch of unschooler friends are heading to a Big Unschooler Gathering this weekend on a beach in South Carolina and here we are all Envious in Indiana. Sort of like Sleepless in Seattle without the email thing."
"“This gargantuan discrepancy between our ‘official’ debt and our actual net indebtedness isn’t surprising. It reflects what economists call the labeling problem. Congress has been very careful over the years to label most of its liabilities ‘unofficial’ to keep them off the books and far into the future.”"
"We’d entertained the idea of meeting up this weekend but there was no definite plans. Well, in a matter of two hours from when he got out of the office, we were eating and drinking at Kona Grill and I was too happy to have my green beer."
"(No! You don't have to mark it! You can if you want to though..!)"
"She's not moving. Her left leg is at a very unusual angle. But I have to ignore the obvious injuries, and search out the immediately life-threatening ones."
"Like we've never loved before."
"OK... ultimately, buy Apple in Vietnam! if Sri Sarjana remains as the only pc shop standing in Kuching."
"This week the CBOE equity only put call ratio had 3 back to back days above 1 taking the 10 day average to 0.895. To find a higher level we’d have to go back the dark days of February 2009. As I mentioned earlier in the week, we haven’t seen this much fear in option traders since the bear market bottom. The normalized put call ratio jumped to close the week at 1.45 – a multi-year high."
"So you have a perpetual sexist cycle going on here: there aren’t many women in hard scientific fields; biology prone people say it’s because men are better or that women aren’t interested because it’s how they’re hard-wired; women believe they’re hard-wired to fail at science and become disillusioned with trying harder, basically “proving” the biological argument; and then the cycle repeats."
"how they look so happy"
"Was I intimidated by the bagel? Oh yes. But, I persevered. First, I made the sponge."
"That you’re sacred and blameless"
"I do not want to play any board games, like Monopoly."
"I began the expansion of the front bed, curving it around to the cellar doors. As long as I was working up a sweat, I continued digging and got a bed 4 foot deep and 32 feet long on the east side of the house. I put a THICK layer of donkey doo and a top dressing of grass clippings on the whole section. These beds will be ready to plant next spring. It's not the final size, but a good start on it."
"At one point I stopped at a culvert over a little dry canal or drain or something, under a gulmohar. I was lying there with my eyes shut for about five minutes before I realized that the smell was suddenly much stronger, more rotten carcass than fishy. I sat up to see the skeleton of a goat, shrink-wrapped in discoloured hide staring back at me with hollow eyes. I lay down again and decided to just ignore the smell. The trip showed me some lovely sights, but then the world is quite unbiased when it comes to throwing sights at you. When you set out to see the world, you get to see the good, the bad and the ugly in the correct proportion. I passed a lot of road-kills, dogs mostly, some birds, some rats and disproportionately more snakes in goa. And somewhere on the first day I cycled past this horrible scene that I couldn’t make much sense of. There were dead chicken all over the place, dead and decaying, feathers and all. Must’ve been an accident involving a truck carrying chickens, but then there were dead chickens hanging from trees and bushes. And feathers everywhere. It looked like a truck carrying chickens had exploded."
"“A Ghostly Revenge” is fiction about the choices of spirits and mortals that cause conflict and adventure. The book is on Amazon E-books and will be free on April 29th."
"Is this is a justice based or a racial based case?"
"“We welcome the Prime Minister discussing green policies and the need to be financially sustainable, but once again the Government seems to forget it also needs to be affordable for consumers who are the ones left picking up the bill."
"I always love finding new ways to find inspiration for design. Why not let your closet do it for you? My theory is, if you already have it, love it, and wear it, you'll probably swoon over it in you interiors as well. So take a peek into your closet and see what you have, it just might inspire your next design."
"So we made it through the storm. And this weekend it's supposed to get up to 40 degrees, which will feel balmy after the past couple days (yesterday our front porch thermometer told us it was BELOW ZERO as we were getting ready to go to school!)."
"Rubon's: 7Gypsies"
"Unlike his colleague, PETE MARLEY, Commissioning Editor for Picture Books, wanted to be a psychologist at first, having studied the subject in Nottingham. It was there that he realized psychology wasn’t his thing, and publishing was where he ended up in. He worked for ‘Top That!’ - a small publisher, eventually moving on to Egmont UK. Does he write? He wrote for their Winnie the Pooh range before, as well as ‘Pitstop’ - a satirical take on glossy mags."
"And it is not just China here. It was Korea and India before that and Japan before that and Mexico and the American South before that and the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory before that. The delivery chain has gotten longer, and the people who are paying for this are further away. No one you know. But they are still there and if we can simply get people to be as concerned about their well-being as we would be about free-range beef and cruelty-free veal, then we've made a needed step forward. Which, I think, is the place where Daisey is going to."
"1/2 stick of butter"
"The only thing I remember from the fourth movie in this series was Captain Jack Sparrow tripping over a bit of foliage, stumbling to his feet and using his sword to hack wildly at the plants that caused him to trip."
"Bad Weed"
"1c. shredded cheddar cheese"
"Like I previously stated, I am not huge on Nicholas Sparks because it is so unreal and most people read them because they literally can’t have the love life his characters have. Call me a cynic, but you know you were thinking it."
"in our math series, so they were familiar with"
"I'm still on the hunt for a vanity (I have a mirror and a lamp, I need a smallish table with a nice sized drawer, I'm hoping to thrift it) and a chair. I also still need a rug. But I'm getting there. I have a couple of really cute jewelry storage things I've been working on for the problem of my overflowing collection of adornments. The first is this ring display I ordered from etsy."
"Circe Shaw is on a mission. She must transform into a fabulously sophisticated journalist and discover the amazing scientific truth about boys. Urgently."
"\"Today is brew day it’s a grand day here in the brewery. We always enjoy brew day because we get to smell all the beautiful aromas of the hops and grain,\" Barnett said."
"Stir for a couple of seconds after which you add the drained rice."
"To me a great movie is one that lingers after it is over. The kind that make you think about the story and the characters..."
"We will attack with all we have"
"This is one field of energy that everyone is tapped into. You might feel like an individual with your individual life, and activities however, as an individual you are always picking up the energy signatures of others, especially within families. This might offer you one of your greatest challenges as you transform any dense dysfunctional memory or emotion generated with your core family. We invite you to consider this as an awesome opportunity rather than something you cannot deal with or change."
"Good luck and have a fabulous Friday!"
"movies for a fee. The Kindle Fire also offers cloud storage. If it seems too"
"We talked for a while and then my brother came in and was being a pain. He hadn’t slept the night before and didn’t want to eat or go to bed now. Mr. T was surprisingly non-judgmental and tried to help, especially when one of my brother’s friends called for him to come pick him up from a party. Anyway, that all worked out, but it was getting on 3am before I actually made up the couch for Mr. T to sleep on. I decided to sleep on the little couch next to him, ostensibly so I would know when my brother got home and make sure he went to bed, but really because I wanted to be close to Mr. T."
"Within this post, I just picked up the scattered stories from the media in Indonesia related to three book-bomb attact on 15 March 2011. The first news that has attracted me to publish this post was Jakarta Globe - titled \"Democracy in Indonesia in 'Danger': Journalists Alliance\":"
"Hello, my name is Julianne Snow and I am a published author. I feel like I should be standing at the front of a room addressing all of my contemporaries when I say that. Writing is an addiction that I feed on a daily basis. It’s not something that I do once in a while or on a whim; it’s a part of my identity."
"In East New York at the junction of Broadway and Jamaica Plank Road stood an inn, alternately referred to in old Eagle articles and elsewhere as Howard House, the Howard Halfway House or the Howard Inn (pictured above). It was owned by generation after generation of the Howard family, a brood of British lineage, and was an ongoing establishment into the 1920s."
"Maybe that’s driving with aloha."
"So I said I would have a giveaway for reaching 50 followers so here it is."
"I do love the challenges at CD Sunday Challenges, they are so different and I do have to put my thinking cap on and research, or in other words, trawl, through my CDs, which can be fun too. The theme this week is Reflections, so many ways this could be undertaken. I couldn't resist this image with the very pretty reflection in the mirror, which is on the CD - Fashion, a Maria G Design. The background paper is from Debbie Moore Shabby Chic Paper Delights. I added a large charm, pink flower with a simple flow of ribbon, and 3 pink gems."
"-Vitamin D: Adults, who live in countries with enough exposure to the sun, have no need for supplements of vitamin D. For the elderly and young children, however, it is recommended that they supplement their intake with 400UI of vitamin D per day, as well as women during pregnancy and breast feeding."
"Impressive Visuals"
"We can’t seem to believe it… because the people around us make it seem as if its untrue."
"5) three days after that"
"In order for market forces (remember the free hand of the market) to drive American workers' compensation down to the price point where capital can rationally invest here again, the market demands gutting of defined benefit pension plans, driving down public sector wages, cutting the social wage (government benefits), and shifting the burden of the crisis further onto the backs of the poor, workers, and the oppressed. The market requires the destruction of the unions and any organizations that organize the working class, the poor, and the oppressed. Today.s union leaderships are not prepared for this onslaught. In fact, these class collaborators act in diametric opposition to the interests of the working class; they are doing everything they can to stop us from organizing independently of the bosses. political parties, from launching solidarity actions, and from striking at all – let along building for the widespread, indefinite general strikes that will ultimately be needed to confront the bosses. attacks."
"Am I even allowed to say that? I'm not an arrogant person, but I'm not filled with self-loathing or insincere insecurities either. I'm not saying it is going to land me a publishing deal or anything - lets face it, few books are doing that these days - but hell it is certainly good enough to have another crack at it."
"Where do you get your inspiration? I enjoy looking at other scrappers' blogs and galleries."
"May you grow up to be true"
"Content yourself with small, simple things"
"Three years ago, I sat in my first Chicago apartment's kitchen, listened to some Fiona Apple, and braved my first blog post, \"Small Town and Scared Shitless in the Big City.\" Looking back, I'm almost shocked by my fears of exploring new places, and I'm still a little embarrassed about sharing those fears with the Interwebs. I may no longer be the young woman who's \"scared shitless in the big city,\" but I don't mind admitting that no matter how long I live in Chicago, I'll still be that same \"small town\" girl who listens to Fiona and enjoys hanging out with my cats in the comfort of my home."
"Other combinations have been Retribution + Skorne, Cryx (pAshpy) + Retribution, and Khador (Strakhov) with Cryx (Terminus I think). All battles were incredibly fun and with my Troll partner we decided to go straight to ass kicking. That we did, but Circle + Legion could sneak a caster kill victory from us in the middle of our face smashing. We’ll be better prepared next weekend."
"On animal farm\""
"And the farmer’s curses!"
"This novel is on the shortlist for the Costa Novel Prize this year. It has a double time frame: the present, and the Fifties and early Sixties. It’s about motherhood: its problems, its agonies, its great joys and as always with this writer, she has produced a story written with both sympathy and elegance. She’s also very good at plotting so you always have a strong interest in reading on to see how the whole thing fits together. Terrific."
"(c) Dec 2 2011 JAuroraMorealist"
"During the global financial crisis in 2009, while other car companies were struggling to manage inventories and pushing sales, Ang practised an internal safeguard strategy, or vision statement, called “Control the free-fall.”"
"first and second patent populations;"
"At the start I had a case of anxiety, owing to the fact that the seminar was my first training for the year. It also turned out that almost all of the participants were older than me, some having been in ministry for quite some time. Adding to my nervousness, was my having to speak in Tagalog, a language I was still not accustomed to speaking."
"There are several ways to improve your page rankings. Here are five of the most popular tips:"
"Stayed up later than I wanted to and slept on the couch with a child who wasn't ready for bed, because we always had fun and learned to respect each other."
"If you query Ms. Janczuk, your chances of getting an offer are about 1 in 2000 (all things being equal, which of course, they are not.)"
"Supplies used: cardstock - white; patterned papers from Glitzmas by SEI; whisks - Local grocery store and Hobby Lobby; treat bags and ribbon - Michael's; twine - Papertrey Inc.; Hershey Kisses; fonts - Santa's Sleigh and LD Simple Things"
"Hi everyone! Thanks to all of you who came to the soup swap. I had a great time, and I can't wait to try your soups."
"No whit less still and lonely fair"
"OK, I'm pretty tired these days and I have lost some enthusiasm for the Happiness Tips. So I'm just going to put up the rest of them and then get on to something else here."
"back to dpreview."
"4. Happiness. That stupid big grin I mentioned before? Yeah, that happens a lot in skating. It’s a pure, simple, invigorating kind of joy that I hope all people can experience in one way or another. No matter what’s going on in my life, I can leave it outside the rink and clear my head on the ice. And, despite a long break, skating has been and remains one of the greatest joys of my life."
"Today I' turn 3 weeks old! I have had a great first 3 weeks of life! I’ve been to my daddy’s school a couple of times and boy do the kids love me! I’ve never heard so many, “Awwws!” in my life. The 7th grade girls think I’m one cute boy! By looking at my picture I have to agree!"
"I won't be too far away, and who knows, perhaps when life is less hectic I will return. Until then, I will be lurking in your windows from time to time and keeping you in my thoughts and prayers."
"Though an obnoxiously overused phrase to describe anything even remotely outside of the mainstream, few have done as much to earn being \"not for everyone\" as Daniel Tosh, a comedian whose stated goal is to offend each and every member of his audience at least once during his show, and who admits to taking jokes further and further until nobody has any idea what he's talking about. Tosh seems to delight in finding new ways to turn his audience's expectations against them, from his rejection of transitions to his willingness to say what nobody else in the room has ever thought. This could easily devolve into David Cross-esque ranting and condescension, but Tosh's genial and casual attitude keep his set from seeming mean-spirited. He constantly writes new material, and this lack of polish shows, though his spot-on comedic timing and stellar delivery more than makes up for it."
"Shag scurried around and began to sniff the greyhounds bum."
"chipboard albums and accents, acrylic albums, and multi-layered laser"
"A friend of mine asked me to knit a Jayne Cobb Hat. For those of you unfamiliar with Jayne Cobb (as was I), it is a character from the tv show Firefly. I found a pattern on the blog Knitting Ninja (which is an awesome name for a blog)."
"6/18 Omaha, NE - Waiting Room"
"This kicked start my food adventure to the remaining days I was in San Francisco. Having done all my research on places to try out, I forgotten to search by from and to and roughly how far across town did I have to travel to Phat Philly. Elisabeth and I just hopped on to a taxi in search of this place where I wanted to try out. That's when Elisabeth highlighted to me that next time I need to search from our hotel for the nearest place to dine.. LOL."
"ORIGINAL SONG"
"Since I had that, ahem, significant birthday a few months ago, I have been talking a lot of smack about cutting my hair off and donating it to charity and getting a whole new look for this whole 'middle aged' thing. I had T snap a photo, a control, if you will. Then... nothing. Six months later and nothing."
"you have held vigil in the murky depths"
"Whew! I have just completed my essay for the 2012 World Nomads Travel Writing Scholarship. Writing comes so naturally to me, and I did not anticipate that this would be any difficult. What I didn’t expect to be hard, however, was the character count."
"After I tried on a shirt and was buttoning it, I came out of the booth and my mom said ‘Oh, you look good in that’"
"Wow, it's been two months - TWO WHOLE MONTHS! - since I've written on my blog. It seems my passion for blogging has all but disappeared, I'm sorry to say. I'll keep it - I've met so many great people this way, and there's too much writing on here to just hit the delete button and banish it forever, but posting has been spotty at best and unless I have a sudden change of heart, I doubt that will change. I'm on Facebook - not a lot, but I'm there. And I'll be speaking at the UWWG in Ohio and Life is Good in May - perhaps we'll meet up?"
"1) Find a good card. The plastic coated ones work best."
"My prayer journal consists of 3 basic sections -- Adoration, Agreement, and Asking. Each section has categories within it."
"Hell, no! I'm a grown-up. It's up to me to weigh what's been offered and make my own choices. I reserve the right to enjoy and/or employ cyberspace to whatever extent works best for me, along with the right to use real paper. Why? Because at this moment I can reach across my desk and pick up a book that was published in 1884, and it still works. Nobody had to take any particular pains to preserve it, and I don't need anything but daylight to be able to use it. Am I glad there's a copy of it in cyberspace? Yes, of course I am, that's how I discovered it and decided I wanted the real thing. And, yippee!, I was able to order the real thing for $25 and about five minutes of my time online, thanks to technology. Yep, technology is great. But am I gonna digitize everything in triplicate, pay to store it in cyberspace until I die or run out of money, and replace it triennially in case it's deteriorating?"
"Here are the instructions. I made A LOT of mistakes along the way, and burned my fingers a few times. Dollar items don't give great instructions. So hopefully if you make them too, then you can learn from my mistakes ;) I did the ghost first, Frankenstein 2nd, and witch 3rd, so I took pics of the last one I did. Also, I don't know if using a glue gun was the best idea for this."
"The creation of a framework, an atmosphere, a structure, is not prayer, but it is a necessary preliminary to prayer. It is within the atmosphere of inner discipline and simplicity that prayer can begin to grow. The eastern church, in its teaching on prayer focuses on the constant use of the Name of Jesus. The first recorded teaching about the invocation of the Name of Jesus comes in the mid- fifth century writer Diadochus. He recommended the prayer “Lord Jesus Christ have mercy on me” as a way of cleansing the mind of its sickness, and he recommended this to beginners. The Prayer of Jesus was to be used inwardly and secretly at all times – when dropping off to sleep, when waking, when eating or drinking, while talking. It is seen as a prayer which both binds the mind and unifies the personality. Thus Philotheus of Sinai in the tenth c century says: “By the memory of Jesus Christ gather together your mind that is scattered abroad. Through the Fall this dis-integration has happened, but memory of God restores primal wholeness.”"
"Example: There was a story in your news on a politician making a speech, and there was some members of the “Occupy Movement” present. Whom were in “Their” opinions “Exercising” their “Freedom of Speech and Freewill Movement”. As this politician was making her speech, she was “Interupted” with chanting of announcement of the “Act or Movement” of the “People” that were present for some “Change/Changes”. What truely did this do possibly however Chelas? Think for a moment on this one….One must put themselves upon anothers path or shoes persay. IF you were speaking and someone outburst across the top of you, interupting you and DIS-honoring that place you are in and coming from. What do you suppose “YOUR” Reaction would be? Lets be open and honest in our feelings here in the NOW Chelas. This only leads to a confortation which is truely a “Combat” a bicker backer back and forth…is this really going anywhere? What momentums of energy are possibly created in such ways?"
"- but they can be sensed by voodoo priests (Predator 2) and Native American Shaman types (Predator), so they have some kind of spiritual presence"
"I think that he is responsible for the ordering of the vEda mantrAs into manDalAs etc, that is for the organisation and preservation."
"The responsibilities and tasks of public relations professionals vary. Every day could be something or someone different they work with. Their job is to communicate a good image to the public for their clients. They do this in different ways through media, advertising, and other forms of communication. Their tasks also vary depending on what type of client they work with and the form of communication they use. The different types of clients that public relations work with include: non-profit organizations, businesses, companies, hospitals, universities, and other community organizations and programs."
"just see la."
"How fast is it? Really fast."
"Yet, I often hear parents bragging about winning over their children in other kinds of \"battles,\" as if it makes any more sense than it would to brag about a chess victory over a three-year-old. I see parents patting themselves and each other on the back for proving how big and strong and powerful they are. Guess what, parents? Your kids already know you are more powerful than they are. This is a lesson that does not need to be taught. Your children are frequently reminded of how powerful you are, every time you do (or refuse to do) something for them that they cannot do for themselves."
"and I love this photo...MAKES you SMILE."
"Potato : 1 large(Boiled and Smashed)"
"5. Chandelier: Meeting House Chandelier (CH119); Hurley Patentee Lighting"
"Leo is sick, though. He was sick all weekend, actually, which meant we spent a lot of time watching basketball and football in our cozy basement, so maybe my Monday is all relative at this point. Not sure."
"But behind me lurks a waking nightmare... Of course the tidying of one room simply means transfering the clutter into another room and there it remains. All my beads, boxes, half-made jewellery, tools: Chaos. Guess what I'm doing tomorrow?"
"UPDATE UPDATE: Also, feel free to ignore any of the rules above if you have sufficiently artistic reason for doing so. I'm easy like Sunday morning."
"Well, that pack kicked booty. I might have to engineer a swap with someone across the pond for some baseball packs for a bunch of these."
"The coolest part of it all is when I showed Preston, my oldest, the email from one of the producers. He was more excited for me than I have ever seen him. Ever. It was so adorable that he realized my passion for something and connected the dots like he did. We happy danced together. A lot. I think he is my biggest fan, talk about melting a mama's happy heart!!"
"Some Extra Guidelines"
"For Wrigley, a unit of Mars Inc., the tragedy presents another, more surreal dimension. Protestors carried bags of the chewy fruit-flavored candy while marching for the arrest of shooter George Zimmerman. Mourners pinned the bright red wrappers to their hooded sweatshirts at memorial services."
"It is with great sadness that we announce the passing of Vidal Sassoon CBE, who died this morning at his home in Los Angeles surrounded by loved ones. The 84-year-old hairdresser was born in 1928 and sadly lost his battle with leukaemia today. He became the most celebrated hairdresser in the world having begun his career as an apprentice during the Second World War, going on to revolutionise an industry through his iconic haircuts, salons, schools and product lines. He will be greatly missed by his wife of 20 years Ronnie, his children, grandchildren, family and friends."
"I make obituaries for TV now and then, so when a particularly good one comes along, I take notice. I hope that you will not think me too morbid if I admit to a small collection of my favorites."
"After the calculation, in each day’s menu, we need to eat 4 meals (not 3!). However we were allowed to eat in any order for these four menus as long as we must eat 4 times a day! Even good, within each menu, we could choose to eat any suggested food and in any portion but we had to stop eating when we started to feeling full. This sounded simple enough for us to follow and we found it fun to eat in such way."
"— There is no time limit in achieving the objective but the attacker has a limited amount of tickets. When his ticket capital reaches 0, he loses the whole round. Ticket means respawn. Each time an attacker dies, the ticket count is decreased. If he is revived, the ticket count is increased again."
"Looks a little plain and sad with out the pepitas! The color is astounding."
"Looking more closely at this scripture, it’s more of a love issue than a money issue. Where we set our affections will either be our victory or our demise. It’s up to us."
"Books – These are the books that I have personally read and can recommend as being worth the money."
"The one thing I didn't teach her? How to skate away, clean as a whistle, with all of the money. That trick was still mine. Or was it? I caught a glimpse of a burgundy leather duffel peak out from under the bed. I knew it too well. It belonged Fat Sam, my bank in the region. He held on to my dough, banked it under his name for a hearty cut. Little did I know that Fat Sam also wanted a piece of her chicken wing."
"4) I sulked."
"The DD Team"
"2 tbsp. cocoa"
"For the last two years, Jenny has been an amazing mentor and editor. Her first revisions, though VERY kind and 100% accurate, hurt. We cut over half of the material and did a major rewrite. But she saw my strengths and my potential. Her advice helped me find my voice. She encouraged me to focus on my strengths and to throw away what was subpar. She helped me shape my manuscript into a book that we both love."
"Spoon out tablespoon-sized balls onto prepared cookie sheets (use a silpat mat or parchment paper to line sheets). Flatten cookies slightly and bake for about 12-15 minutes. Cool on wire racks. Makes about 21 cookies."
"To store up meanings in the bins and ricks,"
"The truth is that this earthquake is properly strange."
"My name is Amy and this is my blog... \"And the Adventure Continues!\""
"The B.C. Real Estate Association says it just might be, pointing to a large drop in carrying costs for an investment property today compared to a year ago."
"You know what, I’m not even going to try to go through point for point and break down the problems with this guy. Not even the retard leet-speak. Reading it once had made my head hurt enough as it is. So I’m just going to make an executive decision and say, oops, sorry, turns out our raids all START at 11:00, so I guess that rules us out. Good luck in your search…um…Guy Whose Asshat Name I’m Not Even Going to Try to Transliterate."
"SCHLESSINGER: Hi."
"The argument"
"To add to the charm further, the cool wind is blowing. The tiny drops of rains are feeling so cold against the body that there’s a palpable relief on the face of every Bangalorean who has been braving the heat and humidity for over past month now. Every Bangalorean is expressing joy at the unexpected yet much needed rains and are doing whatever they can to welcome them with open arms."
"You are righteous"
"If you look closely an SDHC card you'll notice aside the brand logo and the capacity a number inside a circle, this numer is the speed class."
"So…. what do I do this year? What resolutions do I make as a twenty-something moving forward into my… (gasp) late twenties in 2012? Read on!"
"TREFOIS P. Vaccinatie van gezondheidswerkers. Vax Info 2006; 45: 2-3."
"Keaton digging in"
"Then Gisli answered: “He must have said this because all feel it; but let us beware that it does not turn out true, for Gest says sooth about many things; and now methinks I see a plan by which we may well guard against it.”"
"Two sponges of distinct styling (that have been demoted from kitchen use): one for the toilet, the other for everything elseComet (what's wrong with good ole Comet?)scrubbing bubbles--type spray for the accursed shower Mildew spray for the accursed showerToilet brush Windex (store brand, natch) Paper towels and rags for the mirror If you are saddled with a shower door, get a squeegee. Never mind sprays -- you need to wipe that water off with a rubber tool. Rubber gloves that don't have holes in them -- treat yourself to a new pairA basin to contain it all neatly under the sink. A pitcher for rinsing dogs and tubs.Clean towels and washcloths."
"Be blessed with a Wonderful Day :)"
"I know that won’t make much sense if you haven’t watched The Office, but all you need to read is the part couched in between the absurdity and the vulgarity. It’s kind of like the High Priest making a statement and having no idea what it means, how true it is, or what the ramifications would be for the entire population of the earth (John 11:49-50). But there it is. He said it. The ridiculous and absurd Michael Scott: “The heart is smarter than the brain.” It’s easy to overlook the utter brilliance of this sentence because it is surrounded by typical Michael and because it is only found in the deleted scenes files. I can’t believe this paragraph didn’t make the cut."
"I don’t fully understand the reason why my attempt at adding a “TM” character resulted in char id of 8482 but I’m guessing Bitmap fonts via UIToolkit work with ASCII characters, hence the 0 – 255 range, while my computer used Unicode (which goes well beyond 0-255) when I typed “TM” into Hiero’s “Sample text” text box."
"Making new friends not only gives us perspective and teaches us valuable lessons about life and the world around us, it also teaches us a lot about ourselves. It helps us discover who we want to be and who we want to be around. It helps us test the boundaries and find new tastes and preferences. Ultimately, making friends and meeting new people helps us find ourselves. What other network can claim to do the same for its users?"
"March 2004 - Criminal case - she received a suspended sentence of 10 months and 20 days for trying to blackmail a member of her own family to the tune of ten thousand."
"DP's: TPC Studio Holly Jolly Christmas Vine; one paper from Recollections Believe paper pad"
"Be sure to check out what other KS Crews are cookin’ for KS Monday today!!"
"This is what got me to thinking I should go and checked to see if I have Sleep Apnea. It was suggested to me to have the test years ago by a doctor. But I never did until recently."
"My art blog, WhatDoYouMeanByArt, was started as a way to showcase the work I did while taking part in online challenges. It kept my art work separate from my regular blog, which I had been convinced by others better versed in blogging, that that was how it was done."
"At the end of the game, all the points scored in the game will be divided equally between the two sides. All games shall end in a tie. It was felt by the gubment commission that a losing team would be too stressed out by a loss which might result in an increase in taxpayer funded counseling."
"Bryamjee Jeejeebhoy Medical College, University of Poona, Pune, India."
"Me (thinking to myself): I'm not even wearing khakis... and we aren't in the shopping district .....and there is no gap within a mile of where I am walking. (These thoughts flash through my mind as I try and keep my face as calm and unperturbed as possible.)"
"I’ve been back in the states for about five days now. Life seems to be in a whirlwind state getting settled back into the everyday norm. My body decided it doesn’t like jet lag. While dealing with the time difference my sinuses decided to rage a war in my head. I can’t really complain too much though because Ireland was well worth the visit. My fear of not fitting well into the plane seat was justified and I think that if I was not sitting next to my brother it would have been an issue. I still have a long way to go in my goal to lose weight. This just gives me more of a push to keep going on my journey. Hopefully next time I fly I will fit comfortably. The flight attendants on both flights were very nice. I asked the attendant who greets you as soon as you walk onto the plane if I could have a seatbelt extender. They discretely handed me one no questions asked. Everyone was friendly and I did not feel judged at all. Thank you United Airlines!"
"But I wasn’t."
"Freda's sits at the end of an alleyway off Regent Street, far enough down to get away from the noise of industrial traffic. The easiest landmark to look for is the giant red fibreglass tongue of the PR agency next door. The alleyway is just to the right, now helpfully plastered with Freda's bill posters."
"Don’t ever give up. In Proverbs 2:6-8 it says, “God gives out wisdom free, its plainspoken in knowledge and understanding. He’s a rich mine of common sense for those who live well, a personal bodyguard to the candid and sincere. He keeps his eye on all who live honestly, and pays special attention to his loyal committed ones.”"
"Given it's huge international success, I felt it necessary to read Stieg Larsson's book The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It was better than I expected. I wouldn't read it again, but then only my very favorite books fall into the reread category."
"Obviously, there must be some ground rules:"
"Wise words and a great metaphor. However, it also led me to endless corrections and re-writes and all kinds of other things that took up way too much time. A task that took me an hour by hand in theory would take half as long on a PC. The reality is that it took me twice as long. Where I would have picked up the telephone I now sent an email and had to wait (and wait) for a response which never made sense."
"What have we found?"
"A prominent opposition activist, Mohammed Al-Maskati, told RIA Novosti that police also arrested two Japanese journalists who covered protests on a highway leading to the Bahrain International Circuit, where a Formula 1 Grand Prix took place on Sunday."
"Thought so."
"Piercing: Good Lucky Clover- *FG*"
"I'm glad a took a few pictures the day before because party day was rainy and cold and we didn't get to race around for long. However, the cars were used all summer long and we still have one as a decoration in his room."
"I have been caught up in a whirlwind of events and emotions over the last few months. So much so that I planned to not write about it at all. However, if I don't, I may mention these events and you'd be all \"wait...huh?\" So here it is."
"With Perry’s arrival in Japan, the US Navy had come of age. Japan was a witness to that, and, in turn, began to question her own isolationist strategy. It started to build its own deep sea navy."
"Devotional: “Bring me your mind for rest in renewal….as your mind stops racing…”"
"48. Run off from coffee plantations decimates rain forests, kills fish, pollutes lakes and streams and eventually finds its way to the ocean. Coral reefs thousands of miles out from shore are dying from this pollution"
"Make any purchase of $25 or more at CooperandMe.com and get FREE SHIPPING now through December 15. MUST USE THIS CODE @ Check Out: COOPERBLOG"
"When (and if) Michael Selsor’s death sentence is carried out Tuesday, Oklahoma will only have enough supply of its lethal injection cocktail to execute one more inmate."
"Figures I pick the highway home with the most traffic. By this point cramping had also began. EXTREME FREAK OUT COMMENCE. A friend of mine lost her baby at 15 weeks and at this point all I could do was sit and go over her journal posts in my head. Its almost like my body knew something, was my subconcious trying to TELL me something? Be prepared? Oh its the worst feeling."
"Bryson sets a scene well and spends a fair amount of the book discussing what it was like living, working and dying in Shakespeare's day all of which helped build up a picture of the great playwright's life, even if the picture was blurry around the edges. I say this because we know shockingly little about Shakespeare's life for certain. In fact we can't even be sure what he looked like or even how best to spell his name! Bryson is perfectly honest and open about this from right at the beginning of the book. In fact many stories stated as fact in other books are often only legends with no evidence whatsoever to back them up. I think Bryson sucessfully debunked some absolute nonsense that has been written about the Bard for the last few hundred years especially the ridiculous theories that Shakespeare didn't write his own plays."
"Copper: 155.40 g/tonne, is still 57% above its 2009 low of 99 g/tonne."
"those who looked forward to miracles."
"So, I learned the rudiments of coconut milk extraction from my parents' housekeeper, then made a few technical adjustments, resulting not only in a successful first try, but also an opportunity to kill two #TaytoRiCo birds with one stone. Not only did I adhere to the parameters of the challenge with what was made, I also followed them with how it was made. Unabashedly thrilled with how well it worked out, I simply had to share."
"Cultural Studies"
"I dive in your eyes,"
"All drugs have side effects."
"“I don’t think I want to do that,” I said. “Do you have any idea how many coats of paint are on this cupboard?” From what I could see of the layers, there were at least four different colors and probably some varnish to boot. “It would take weeks to scrape all that paint off and you don’t even know what’s under all that mess. It could be some ugly-grained wood. Besides, if I don’t like the way it turns out, I can always slather it with a fresh coat of white paint.”"
"Some of you may want to dismiss what I think is a great change in the neighborhood, that's your choice but I think there is greatness in doing something eclectic in business in communities like Crown Heights. As much as the evils of gentrification sicken me, this is not that. This is an example of the goodness in gentrifying. And not simply because I like the offering. I believe many communities need offerings of new ideas that demonstrate respect for the past rather than co-opting nostalgia for street cred, working within existing structures, bonding with the community. And these are not simply my assumptions."
"I did what any girl would do and cried, had a little tissy and saved it for when Dave came home."
"The dress was completely done a week ago, yet, I had to finish the detailing and made some minor changes to the neckline and sleeves. With that said, I was hand sewing up till about noon on the day of the event! I didn't feel rushed but I really wish I would get these planned event gowns or ensembles done ahead of time so I can relax. Ha. Ha, Ha!"
"Overall the beers were well kept and enjoyable, even if not strictly my cup of tea. There was a really good mix of locals and comforts (visitors, i.e. those who comfort day) and the staff were very chatty and friendly. I would certainly recommend a visit to both these pubs if you are in the area, as they were the highlight of an otherwise uninspiring Easter day out. I really, truly, honestly, cannot recommend you go for any other reason though...."
"Now, indulge me just a moment, here. I simply cannot help thinking that there must have been a sparkle of mischief in Jesus’s eyes when he did that. Don’t you think he might have been having just a little bit of fun, skipping along beside the two disciples on the Emmaus road (yes, I did say “skipping”), saying, “Whatcha talkin’ about?” and then just, whoosh, appearing right in the middle of the whole lot of them in Jerusalem? The probable expressions on all their faces must have been priceless. Anyway, Jesus encouraged them to touch him and see that he was real, flesh and bone. Then he asked them for some food, and ate with them. He opened their minds to understand the Scriptures about him, and promised that they would be “clothed with power from on high.” (v 49) They wall went out to Bethany together, where he ascended into heaven. Needless to say, they were filled with great joy afterward."
"Nothing will flow and nothing can fall."
"Oh? Well. Maybe. Just this once. Oh, all right. Will you stay for lunch and help me practice the Japanese tea ceremony? Is there gold at the end of the rainbow?"
"Everyone was very pleased, the men clapped their hands, the women shouted with a loud voice to show their joy saying, “Now our country is being ruled by good people.” Chidziva stood up and said to the people, “Go now to your homes in peace.” Then Chinamaringa, Chidziva, Nzvere and Wafanenombo remained at their home. They gathered together and discussed among themselves who would be chief. Then they said, We were born at Chiweshe and we do not know all about this country and we are still young.” When they left Chiweshe they reached Chishawasha and built their home near Chihungwa’s village. Chihungwa was a good man and he was older than themselves. Chihungwa was the younger brother of Mhembere their father. Then Chinamaringa Chidziva, Nzvere and Wafanenombo said, “We shall give the chieftainship of Chinamora to Chihungwa,” who agreed."
"You could make it with any nut butter. We used organic( no salt added) almond butter that I get at Trader Joe's. If you use peanut butter, all natural organic is a good choice."
"When Honey confessed her feelings to Gelo, the latter rudely rejected and humiliated her. This is when fate intervenes and causes them to live under the same roof."
"At the same time, Madhesis and ethnic groups will have to step back from their maximalist demands. Tarai parties should know that they cannot have the entire southern plains as a single province, and respect the diversity within the region. Ethnic groups cannot expect to get special political rights for their communities in provinces where they are the single largest bloc — at the cost of treating all other minorities as second class citizens. This would violate all tenets of individual rights, and indirectly strengthen the anti-federal lobby."
"\"Why, I got it over at the Popeye's on Dopholopous Boulevard,\" said the proud Sgt. \"Them spices will grow hairs on places your lady won't like.\""
"any direction you choose."
"Just as the saying goes, apparel makes the man. Pretty Ao Dai make pretty Vietnam women. Ao Dai is the traditional Vietnam women clothes. It manifests the beauty of Vienamese ladies and it is the representative of Vietnamese culture, just as what Chinese cheongsam is to China. Although clothes of western style are prevailing around the world , the beautifully designed Ao Dai is still widely worn by Viestnam girls all over the country."
"The East Side Gallery – along the Berlin Wall – was also great to wander past. It it the longest open-air gallery in world, and the murals that run it’s length were restored not too long ago. The only disappointment with this was the graffiti that marred the artwork. And it was the most pointless graffiti…”Selena was here”…and that kind of rubbish. But the murals were brilliant, some very political, some just kinda strange"
"for we all go through times of mini-crucifixion when awful things happen in our lives and in which we experience horror and agony and darkness and often the absence of God."
"No looking back as WE board the plane"
"and the animals grew iambic pentameter tails"
"Beyan just starts crazy crying, asking what was wrong with her, thinking about her messed up parents, then swearing like crazy. Fuck. I hated watching it. Not just because she felt bad, but because I knew Ben was watching it. The only thing that cheered me up was Swimsuit Issues making the “oopsies” face when Beyan got cut. It’s in someone’s worst moment that Courtney shines. KILL SHOT."
"One taste and I was a believer. They are smart to trumpet the \"20 hour tonkotsu\" as their slogan - you can really taste the love that went into this in the amazing, rich pork-packed broth. And I devoured on sight, the luscious tender chashu, counterbalanced by crispy pork skin, tempered by a delicious egg with soft, creamy yolk. And the embellishments of two crisp, toasted sheets of nori. My only note is that I found the noodles just ever so slightly too chewy for my taste - I still prefer the more malleable noodles at Ramen Jinya."
"Upon inspection of these figures, here's what I note:"
"June."
"Jackie: Thank you so much for talking with us. We appreciate the support and are glad you are enjoying “This Grand Show!”"
"Appalled"
"4. Give yourself an allowance. Instead of spending, swiping, spending try to only spend the amount you have allocated to yourself. Also, be realistic about the cost of living so that you are not tempted to over spend."
"ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Archbishop John C. NienstedtArchbishop John C. Nienstedt is the 11th Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis. View the Archbishop's full bio."
"Romans, like Americans, have a preacher’s proselytizing enthusiasm to spread the good news of decent civil government – be it the Roman Empire or the United States – to whomever will listen – sometimes, even to captive audiences…"
"Free educational resources for parapsychology, psychical research & mind magic."
"My old coworker and friend, Noel and I went to see Lion King on Broadway which brought back many memories for me. I had forgotten that I owned Rhythm of the Pridelands, the soundtrack for the broadway album many years ago so each song was very familiar. I was reminded of performing The Circle of Life shortly after the movie was released. I collaborated an electronic version of the song on my keyboard with African type instruments and performed it at the VA hospital. My sister helped me get the timing right. I remember I struggled for a long time with the collaboration of all the sounds and the timing until she literally took me by the hands and made me dance it out. I was probably 11 years old at the time. I remember she wore a handmade African skirt she received from some friends she met from Africa while serving an LDS mission in Athens, Greece. She wore that skirt to my performance."
".jackknifed rig"
"-Playing most of his career with the Dodgers afforded Gil the opportunity to play in seven World Series, of which the team won two. In 39 Fall Classic games, he hit .267 (35-for-131) with 5 home runs and 21 RBI. In Game 4 of the 1955 Series, he went 3-for-4 with 3 RBI, and his 2-run homer off of Don Larsen gave Brooklyn a lead it would not relinquish. He drove in the only pair of runs in that year's Game 7 clincher, completing a comeback from a 2-0 Series deficit against the Yankees."
"This card will be entered in the following challenges:"
"Accessories: pleated ribbon, rhinestones"
"2. A proper bar cart, maybe a vintage find or DIY'd option. Something with open storage and a handy surface, but moveable. This is my favorite option right now, although I'm worried about clutter . . ."
"I hope, I hope, I hope my program is still open."
"thursday was all about the museum."
"Now we all know that men and women view sex differently. But either women don't misbehave as often or they are a hell of a lot better at covering their tracks! Because you rarely hear about a well-known woman's indiscretions unless it is in relation to some influential man's \"urges\"."
"The path to a rich life is relatively simple – trust in God to provide us with what we need and then be willing to share what we have been given with others. OK – it might result in a lower standard of living than either what we’d like or our neighbours enjoy, but is a lifestyle where we’re constantly trying to keep up with others really that fulfilling?"
"You need to track your campaigns meticulously, only use one keyword per ad group so you can track how every keyword is performing."
"Saying “maybe” in Argentina: Quizás and tal vez are not often used in Argentina to say maybe. Here are the more common words used:"
"When Hudson came into my life there was never any doubt his name would be an homage to the girl who blessed me with Malcolm. Great gifts should be honored thus."
"Sick they are who are doing so, for today neglect them and enjoy this moment of glory when Indian stood with vision and dream to be a nation with equality and justice for all its children."
"This is because the historical account now is picturing what God did at the beginning of the great tribulation. When He ended the church age, and loosed Satan to take his seat as the man of sin within the churches and congregations of the world."
"5. The French Impressionists - Santa Baby"
"Lately living away from family has weighed heavily. I miss my Mom, I miss my Dad, I miss my sisters, my brother, and the little ones. I know that this is the best place for us now. When we got married I knew that most likely Adam & I were going to wind up living out here. My parents have 7 other kids to take care of them when they get older. Adam’s parents don’t. And my parents have 7 other opportunities for grandkids, whereas if we’re being real, Adam’s parents have us."
"can’t they upgrade the zune social network. I don’t know how they’ll do it but right now it’s messy and sucks"
"Denise: I prefer the computer because I can type faster than writing and because I can look up words when I can’t readily think of the right one. But, I carry a notebook and pen everywhere I go."
"To the women who served us on land and on sea,"
"I know I go through phases with which papers I use, which colours and which stamps. No...maybe not which stamps as I always seem to reach for my Sugar Nellies:)"
"Below are some examples of different types of shop fittings you may want to consider and their possible uses."
"apart and shattered the rocks before the LORD, but the LORD was not in the wind."
"FUTURE WORRIES"
"Following the tasting, which went surprisingly fast, we all headed to the harbour area of Münster for a beer and a bite to eat. Last beer of the day, a huge glass of Frankenheim Alt. Not my favourite alt, but look at the size of it! Hi Rafael!"
"For the fries:"
"That’s not the electric light, my friend,"
"Damask Doilies"
"That night, by the dim light of the lamp, he opened up a big geography book. There was a particular chapter of the book that he really liked. This was about a German explorer climbing a mountain range, named Lunae Montes or mountains of the moon by the ancient Greeks, in Africa. He had read this passage many times. Everytime he read it, he dreamt that he would also climb mountains of the moon some day. Dreams! This would remain just as far as the real mountains of the moon… as if mountains of the moon ever descended to the earth!"
"People who satisfied by extrinsic rewards are, I think, less sure of themselves. They need their boss to applaud them. They need a cheap metallic artifact on their desk. They need laudatory loudness. They need their egos nourished by the outside because they can't feed their ego themselves."
"Sometimes during movies I try to predict what will happen next but this film constantly surprised me on how it develops with at least two red herrings which have you expecting one conclusion and you get something completely different. It’s interesting how Bogart’s character is jaded by his fighting in Italy, a favourite battlefield for ambiguous characters in movies post WW2 as Italy was a slow and unpleasant slog without the best troops and kit, so it was easy to give characters from that campaign those attributes of seeming somewhat second best. Everyone is a dreamer in this movie. The gangsters dream of the good days of prohibition and fervently wish it would return. The women are interesting as the moll has a heart wrenching song about being stuck in an abusive relationship and longs for some stability, and Bacall wishes for family and purpose."
"Continuing on this blog are re-postings of my last year’s responses to the Writer Mama’s Back-to-School Giveaway prompts. My response for this year can be read on the Writer Mama blog: http://bit.ly/vZ7Ad"
"because they have not heard a loud booming voice. But, He does speak to us all"
"My children help me to be more reasonable. They make me question everything that does not make sense. I am also lucky to have a husband who makes me think. I listen to my children and my husband, and I can redefine what makes a good mother as often as I need to. That doesn't mean I always get it right. It doesn't mean I always know what's best or that I am perfect. And it doesn't mean I think I'm better than you."
"John 6:54 \"He who eats My flesh and drinks My blood has eternal life"
"Phillip and I planned rock concerts for our parents, who sat politely in folding chairs while we showed them treasures from our rock collections. We spent the night at each other’s houses to the delight of his older brothers who hoped we were setting precedent. Near the end of the third grade we were allowed to walk home from school together."
"that irresponsibility is evaluated by the same person as innocence & therefore naivity"
"4 limes, for 1/2 cup fresh lime juice"
"Lemon Curd:"
"They now refer to this as “doing a Liz” when they make a card in"
"My friend’s father nearly burned down the house BECAUSE OF TETRIS."
"So then what characteristics do we see? What kind of man is this that we are to imitate? And as we look at His characteristics, His personal traits, His actions, which are we to imitate and which are we to disregard?"
"\"Some tourists are coming. You should hide in back.\" And the old lady pointed to the backroom. Something seemed wrong, creepy, and dangerous about that. But David ignored his gut instinct and went to the back room. Cassandra followed."
"After cutting her down to size, I sponged some aqua die ink around the edges, then I layered her onto a piece of aqua c/s cut out using the spellbinder romantic rectangles - love the lacey edge on this die. DP is by MME - called sun kissed 'sweet' butterfly kisses - it's from 2009 - see I'm starting to dig into that big ole' stash. Finished off with stitching around the image and then added lots of glitter."
"This cover is gorgeous and I can't wait to see another book written by Christopher Healy with designs by Todd Harris. Walden Pond Press packaged this one well!"
"Hydration: Pretty good – it kept my face nicely hydrated even through the winter"
"Because He rose, so too shall we who believe."
"The First Law is that of inertia. I placed a baseball card on top of a glass, and then stacked coins on top of the card. I asked them to predict what would happen to the coins when I horizontally flicked the card away (they said the coins would fly off everywhere.) Of course they dropped into the glass, and I let them try it a few times. I also gave each of them some thick paper (bookmarks, actually) and a stack of pennies. I instructed them to place the bookmark on the edge of the table so half of it was off of it and then to put a stack of coins on the bookmark. They quickly pulled the bookmark out from under the coins and the stack remained intact on the table. (The boys, of course, experimented with ways to make the coins spill...)"
"10 - 2pm"
"-2 tbsp cumin"
"Pairing other flavors with Fernet can also create problems, however. One of the most popular ways to drink it is, actually, neat, with a ginger beer back, though many of its adherents will opt for a lager. Ginger and Fernet go wonderfully well together. Because of this, I thought that a nice spicy ginger flavor would add an interesting element to the I.B.F."
"It is very rare that we prepare food for only one meal at a time. Last week we grilled steaks (a gift from my mom) for an evening meal. Monday night I sliced the leftover steaks and we ate them on top of or as a side to our salads from the garden. We cooked way too much food for our gathering Saturday night, so we were able to take a good bit of it with us as our contribution to a meal with friends on Sunday night and shared some as well with a single young man. There was still enough for another meal of the grilled chicken, but we were a little tired of it so, into the freezer it went for a meal next week."
"Okay. That's all. What's your random thought for the day?"
"The jacket review quotes call the book “mesmerizing” and a “tour de force”. I would not go that far. I would call the book entertaining. Not only is the story itself good, but the glimpse into 15th century Italy and the world of this great artist and inventor is very enjoyable."
"while you skim the surface, the glare in darkness,"
"Drinks 1-2"
"Theres not too much in the mitsubishi evo 5 wallpaper. Now Mitsubishi has attempted to repeat their virtual driving feats in real life will begrudgingly testify, is much, much harder. Having said that, there are twin front airbags and the mitsubishi evo 10 and an intercooler and the mitsubishi evo 5 wallpaper to five work colleagues or family members as well as having the cheap mitsubishi evo on our doorstep is sure to mean the mitsubishi evo x down to McLaren's Technical Centre to hear of Ron Dennis's road car plans and then promptly ignore whatever you recommend in favour of something, well, sub optimal."
"Cricut Cartridge-"
"it was about a demon named rin who has been collecting beautiful body parts for his body. one day, he sees a girl named miwako play the piano and asks her to give him her hands. then she promises to give them to him after she plays the accompaniment for a wedding."
"of Reconstruction and even after"
"As an example, if you are a liberal, what would it take to convince you that government has gone beyond reason, and certainly beyond the anticipated scope envisioned by the framers, when it comes to the influence government should have in citizens' lives?"
"A year later and once again, three Marvel characters would appear in movies, two of which would be sequels. Spider-man 2, proved that audiences still weren’t done with comic book movies. Returning director Sam Raimi and cast members Toby Maguire and Kirsten Dunst were joined by Alfred Malina who played arch villain Otto Octavius (a.k.a. Doctor Octopus), albeit in a more sympathetic light than as maniacle as seen in the comics. The movie contained a huge dose of action including an incredible sequence with a chase on an elevated train which stands out as one of the best comic book action sequences ever commited to film."
"Have a happy week :) ...(I'm not sure why this is in italics)...naughty blogger again I guess"
"With your head upon my shoulder"
"Boy does killing ever require a lot of thinking. Sheesh!!"
"Well, yes. And no. Statistics are very good at telling us about the general. They tell us nothing at all about the specific. Whenever we hear that marriage, for instance, tends to make one happier, we think of our best friend who has become a mouse since her wedding because her husband berates her constantly. But just because you can think of an exception doesn’t invalidate the study."
"I think I may be eating a lot of ice cream over the next two weeks."
"-Do say, \"I have lighted a candle for your baby,\" or \"I have said a prayer for your baby.\""
"I have done several other starts, studies and started a 30x40. I had the pleasure of having my youngest son come to stay with me for a few days in early March. He was interested in learning about value and how it is related to color. Both of my sons have artistic ability, but it's showing up as an interest later, they're in their mid-20's. We set up a simple still life, I did a demo and then Erik painted this, his very first value study. I'm very, very proud of what he did. It's obvious to me that he has the eye and hand and could develop this into a lifelong pursuit with no end to it."
"Little Cave, Big Experience!"
"The unconscious parts of humanity are being prepared for mass disclosures with the publishing of many subtle articles of disclosure, and each time you hear of a planet discovered or a ‘new’ bacteria that scientists feel could be producing Life on other worlds, just know that you are being prepared for the admission that Life is abundant all throughout this beautiful Creation of ours."
"I think they were officially sanctioned as they were standing on a mat, and I had been thinking of something more spontaneous like the man who plays Bob Dylan songs in Penzance, but it was nice anyway."
"This album was produced by Ibrahima Sylla with Boncana Maïga, a partnership responsible for uncounted outstanding recordings. While Modibo's guitar and Moriba Koïta's ngoni carry the traditional current, Maïga's electric bass and keyboards have a funky edge that gives the ageless praise singing a completely modern setting. Tata Bambo rides above it all, demanding attention with her extraordinary voice. Grab this extraordinary album, listen to it with headphones, and don't let go."
"Today health care accounts must find ways to attract more patients to their clinics to increase their daily census. Twenty years ago it was almost unheard of to see billboards marketing hospitals and their service. Today hospitals are on billboards, radio and television all to market that they are “# 1 in heart surgery” or “the top cancer treatment center in the region.” This is all designed to get more people to come to their institution for treatment and therefore, increase hospital revenue."
"The Global Emerging Middle is a class of citizens and consumers defining a critical growth horizon for companies over the coming decade. They are found largely in markets we define as the ‘Next 4 Billion’: countries like India, China, Indonesia, parts of Africa and Latin America where over 4 billion of the 7 billion people on our planet reside. Not only will this horizon define how businesses grow over the coming years, but strategies to foster profitable growth in this segment will determine whether companies can achieve sustained success."
"Beware: I'm angry."
"That is what I'd always thought, if I thought about it at all. But the reports of the shipwreck of the Concordia give another account of who commands. There seems to have been a complete breakdown of responsibilities. Having hit the Island of Giglio at 28 kilometres an hour, bringing the ship's speed instantly to 6 kilometres an hour (imagine being inside with no warning, not wearing your seatbelt would take on forceful meaning) the captain is reported to have got on the phone to the director of marine operations of the company that owned the boat. And stayed on the phone for three calls-worth plus a call from a retired former captain in Grosseto. The Second Officer has gone down to the engine room and found it full of water - and all electrical power sources flooded - the only power was a small emergency generator elsewhere in the ship. He tells the bridge that the ship is without any means of control. And the captain gets on the phone again."
"I hope not."
"When I got there, the thousands of snow blowers were gone; so I went to the front desk and asked a woman behind the counter where they were. She said they were sold out of them and wouldn’t be getting any more till next season."
"I stepped in and tried to be the arbiter, but, to no avail. Because the girls were kicking such serious ass, we had to change the rules to appease the male-folk lol. Even if I think this is our last game of Charades, I'm sure we'll come up with new and better ways to instigate genitalia-rivalry."
"Personal experience articles also fit well with Good Friday. When was the first time you realized the full significance of Jesus’ sacrifice? What does Good Friday mean to you? How did your view of Good Friday change after you committed your life to Christ? Do you keep any traditions for Good Friday? Do you use it as a time for confession and repentance?"
"For more on Pete Fowler see his Bio page"
"Palmer also claims that he will use state-of-the-art 21st Century technology and the latest navigation and safety systems in the new ship."
"~ Suchi Govindarajan works as a technical writer. In her spare time, she does freelance writing and editing work and also volunteers with the Spastics Society of Karnataka. Readers can follow her on twitter: @suchiswriting"
"Lilah is starting kindergarten. I can hardly wrap my head around it – kindergarten. She stopped being a baby when I wasn’t looking, apparently."
"This is the table at which I usually work. As you can see it is somewhat otherwise occupied. It's a nice spot, though. A big window with lots of light streaming in, a daylight lamp, some convenient shelves right at my elbow...too bad I can't even get to it! (Let alone work at it.) The little workspace you see in the picture at the top of the post is the tiny bit of space I get at the computer desk if I push the keyboard as far back as I can. It's so small a space that I can only put an 8-1/2 x 11 piece of paper on its side and even then one of the corners hangs off the edge a bit."
"Today you gave me a simple ultimatum. Show you proof of a difference a change I’ve made with my life. Or risk losing you as a counselor, a guide and most importantly a friend. I was really confused at first. I was over thinking too much, made my whole afternoon awful thinking about what to do and what to show you. How could I prove to you or show you I did something made a difference in my personal life. To be honest not much was coming to mind. Then everything became simple. I asked myself, what are the most important changes I’ve wanted to make in my life?"
"And I will rise when He calls my name"
"Interestingly enough, we are on the interpersonal effectiveness chapter in DBT. Today we talked about how we look at the relationships in our lives. Dr. M used a plant-life analogy from a book called Second Nature by Michael Pollan. I could relate to the analogy, but I could not place myself neatly into a category."
"\"We're doing everything we reasonably can do,\" he said."
"-Lastly, I'm sorry if this offends you but why should other people pay for you to do a domestic adoption?"
"I bought NICE bras that fit right. Crazy, right? It only took me six months to get back to a bra that fits me and does something for my otherwise flimsy post- preggo boobies."
"Oddly, for a medium that talks a lot about improving engage­ment, there’s not a lot of consensus on exactly what the term means. We present one definition — by two analyst firms, Web Analytics DeMystified and Altimeter — in the quote that begins this chapter, but it, like many definitions out there, actually seems to be more about defining the ways you can measure engagement than engagement itself. In their excellent report, “The world’s most valuable brands. Who’s most engaged?”[1] Altimeter joins with fellow analyst firm Wetpaint to measure major brands’ level of social media engagement. Not once is the concept explained or defined. They obviously expect their audience of brand marketers to implicitly understand the term."
"Eric Weinberg"
"It’s also going to make it damn-near impossible for future generations to decipher love letters from WWII, time capsules unearthed with handwritten letters to the finders, every doctor’s set of notes ever written, journals and diaries, and I weep for what else."
"Some days I am content to go through the motions. Some days I want to make as little effort as possible to get by, and I’m alright with being mediocre, and if we’re being frank some days I’m just proud to survive and get to the end of the day. This morning is already shaping up to be one of those mornings. I force myself through small talk and the first few songs in the worship set, I scribble out prayer requests for “financial security, whatever the heck that looks like,” and drop them in the offering plate without any money because we don’t have any money and then I feel guilty for not giving in faith that God would provide for us and I mentally resign from the morning because it just started and already I’m done, I’m over it."
"\"The idea is simple, select a poem you love, carry it with you, and share it with co-workers, family, and friends...\""
"I don't know where it went wrong... scratch that... I don't know what's right about it. The colors are not right, the frame layers didn't really line up, the distressing on the frame faded as it dried... Not my favorite card I've ever made."
"I was homeschooled up until tenth grade, and my social life revolved around church. I grew up submersed in evangelical youth culture: reading Brio magazine, doing devotions in my Youth Walk Bible, eagerly awaiting the next installment of the Left Behind series, and developing a taste in music that ran the gamut from Christian rap to Christian pop to Christian rock."
"Personally, I'm one of those wary types who are naturally predisposed to approach the twin concepts of hype and coolness with extreme caution - perhaps even with a trace of scepticism, but I've learned over time that amid the throng of charlatans, pretenders and wannabes, there can be found certain brands which are considered cool and are being hyped because they actually happen to merit it."
"Because everything has its place,"
"193 5. “Pornography and the Scope of the First Amendment.” Woman’s Law Reporter, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Summer 1985, pp. 1-3. (Source: Item D-III/28/1985, below.)"
"We checked out the mangalitsa stalls and then wandered around the food and vendor stalls, too. We shared some fresh chips from a food cart and I grabbed some ice cream, too. Once we’d had our fill we wandered back home. Even though there wasn’t that much to distinguish this festival from the others (aside from the pig stalls), it was a lovely way to spend an afternoon and I’m glad these types of festivals happen relatively frequently here."
"6. Through much of my lifetime, Turkey seemed to have one military coup after another."
"But, what's with their funky CD covers? They're pretty bad maybe."
"And on a strange road journeyed on"
"join us this month - the theme is metal. for details, click on the atc swap link at the top of the blog here."
"What you did not do before."
"It’s amazing how much havoc the holidays can wreak on your everyday routines. ‘Tis way past time to get back to my regular postings."
"When I was a kid, I always knew how hard my parents worked to make ends meet each month. We had budgets for everything that we had to stick to. Budgets for school clothes, food, entertainment, etc. I remember before we had our own VCR, we used to rent this huge hideous blue betamax machine and rent a video now and again as a treat. We had a chore chart at home where we divided up all the household chores between my brother, sister and I. On top of their jobs, my parents were always active in our church and also with a service club they belonged too."
"MRC 604, PO Box 37012"
"We've been friends since the late ’90s. Kevyn, Danny and Max grew up in Dixon, and Kan, originally from Japan, spent his youth in the valley of San Cristobal. Later, after Kan lived on the couch ... for months ... the band was formed. \"Restless nights,\" says Kan. Max and Kevyn used to play with Omar Rane and Rita O'Connell until they got fired and replaced by significantly better musicians. What up, Norm!"
"The concept is simple really. For example, when ABC was at my house filming, they asked me, \"Do you fight with your kids to do their homework every night?\""
"Add all three = Awesome."
"Here's one."
"Lisa picks up a tube of love hearts and holds them up in front of me."
"I started smoking when I was 14 years old. Sneaking a Viscount filter down my bra before going riding with girls I no longer see. I was at a school for a single term while we were relocating (story of my life). We’d ride across highways into the bush, down to a stream at the end of Loyalty Road in North Rocks. Let the horse splash in the creek, sit and talk as girls do about boys and horses and life as we knew it. \"Have one\" said my friend Kate, and eager for acceptance of new friends in a new state, I complied. “Do the draw back.”"
"Next, You place a pretty leaf or flower on a blown egg, cover it with a piece of stocking and secure it with a rubber band so that the leaf is pressed flat against the egg. Then suck some water into the egg so it doesn't float. Boil with onion skins for several minutes.You don''t need to dry them before removing the stocking. Just wait for them to cool or run cold water into the pot. Then, rub the shells with olive oil to make them shiny but you can use spray lacquer instead."
"is the face of things to come."
"Some teachers and parents express concern that assessments of body composition (or weight status) will make a child overly concerned about their body and lead to eating disorders. There is no research evidence suggesting that this likely to occur. On the other hand, lack of knowledge about body composition and the lack of appropriate perceptions of body image may be greater contributors to the development of eating disorders."
"I cut out a fluted rose with my cricut and staggered 3 layers. Then put some gold paint in the center and covered with tiny beads. I punched out some hearts and made 2 \"buttons\" and then put a couple of gold paint dots next to the hearts."
"I love this image from Stamping Bella, because who hasn’t felt this way before? Sometimes you just wanna scream! Glad Mo drew this image, perfect for that friend whose down in the dumps."
"Until then, we will do whatever we can to keep him around for many years to come."
"As we go marching, marching,"
"and it's been driving me batty."
"and seeing troy"
"What about you? Where will you be living in a few years? What job are you supposed to take? Who are you supposed to marry? (maybe that's a question only I'm still trying to answer) Don't fear. The Lord has great plans for your future...but in the meantime, LIVE where you are. Be used by Him now. Fight for the Kingdom to come in the community where you are. I'm convinced that as we seek for the welfare of the places the Lord has us, the promises He has for our futures will begin to unfold before us."
"All right, given that context, let’s see how David Miscavige lives."
"“I think we just went over that Doc.” Doc. Ha. I may have smirked a little. I smirk too much."
"“Belly dancer!” he shouts at the top of his voice. “Belly dancer!”"
"Merry Christmas Eve,"
"Your finances are no different. You must put effort into your budget if you hope to live a financially prosperous life."
"Capitulate against us and are up."
"For Alexander, in writing the villian it's \"more interesting to have a villain who's been pushed and pushed. You get a reader not to sympathize, but to understand.\""
"Since I woke up this May morning from a dream about attending a meditation session, the logical choice is to start my day writing a post that reflects upon–well–preservation. Two weeks ago I wrote about the Alwyn Vincent project. To quote the site, “she’s finally out,” and on the steel wheels ‘n rails of a synchrolift."
"When you get to the \"Going To Be Published\" phase of this whole writing journey, people constantly ask for advice (both writers and non-writers). Which is fine. I like giving advice actually, though I usually pad it with a lot of disclaimers about how every path is different and you have to find what works for you. But what's interesting is that my advice is always changing, mostly based on what I'm going through at the time."
"What is the purpose of a book? Broadly-speaking to entertain and/or educate. There is no doubt whatsoever that Eagleman does both in this book. This is science for the rest of us, an update on where they are at the moment. Not that long ago the breaking news was mapping the human genome, before that the discovery of DNA and a while before that the surprising new revelation was the fact that the Earth was not the centre of the universe, the ramification of that last one being that humans were also not the centre of the universe. In fact, over the centuries, our place in that universe has become ever smaller and smaller. Now our place in the universe-that-is-ourselves – the I that I am – is under threat: if I am not the centre of my own universe then who am I and who’s running the shop?"
"I’m dying inside,with this want in mind, “build through my shaken faith,” he screams."
"“This was a vicious beating of an innocent doctor-turned-cover-up-turned-conspiracy, pure and simple. And our discipline apparatus couldn’t do a thing about it,” Falconer said."
"“The Romneys here were always more prosperous than anyone else, they still are. They are hard workers and good managers. It’s funny how these traits are passed down in the genes,” said John Hatch, an amateur town historian."
"I think it's time to share with you the project that I created to share with you."
"it clear he meant business, though, by looking her directly in the eye."
"\"Cal Tjader-Last Bolero In Berkeley-1973 US\":"
"On Wednesday, March 30th at 6pm"
"Don’t be confused on this score for a moment longer."
"Time Thursday, May 12 · 9:00am - 11:30pm"
"Perez-Gonzalez was a tenant in a South San Francisco apartment building that the victim's family owned. An acquaintance of Perez-Gonzalez telephoned the woman earlier in the day and posed as a package deliveryman to determine when she was going to be home, police said."
"Defense has been a key for the New York Liberty thus far, with any success the ladies have had on the court. That was again the case as the Liberty defeated the Fever 87-72 at a rallying Game Two victory of the WNBA Playoffs at the Prudential Center."
"I’m going to let you in on something, humans need calories to live. A calorie is a measurement of energy. When we sleep, walk, talk, workout, we burn energy in the form of calories. This is why so many people place such a strong emphasis on tracking them. Instead of counting calories, focus on the types of food you’re putting into your body such as fruits, vegetables, lean proteins, and good carbohydrates (not all carbs are created equal). Focus on portion size too. Over eating is very common."
"Ayoko nga. ‘Di pa ako ready eh."
"I had a tough choice to make, and after talking with my wife decided on the more long term job. I don't mind too much, I get to see my kids everyday, I enjoy being home, I was able to experience this awesome NW hot summer; but I still have a lot of regret. I was handed my dream job, and literally the kind of experience that I dream about. It was amazing."
"Antony Bologna is a fascist and a sadist. The only good thing to come out of this is that he sprayed three of his own men. Now that’s what I call instant karma."
"The temperature is falling, partly from cold air being blown in, and partly because the lake effect clouds are thickening up as the day goes on. I did see a tree limb come crashing down into the swamp with a big splash, but I was too slow on the draw to catch it falling."
"Her fasting and bodily mortification were written off as religious concerns: perhaps overzealous, but nonetheless inspired. And yet 21st-century psychologists would diagnose her with anorexia nervosa."
"My parents are not ones to settle for a boring builder's look or quality (that must be where I get it from?) So when they moved into a sweet but plain Jane home a few years ago, they set to work making it their own. The first thing to go were the off-white walls, since Mom and Dad aren't afraid of color (hello, plum!). And in the kitchen, they upgraded all the appliances to stainless. But the cabinets, though decent-quality wood, still felt cheap-looking in a not-quite-light and not-quite-dark finish."
"We believed him."
"Took too long to make contact"
"Here is a glimpse of my stroll the other evening..."
"“State aid is not supposed to be, in my view, equitably distributed to towns,” Staples said. “State aid for the most part goes for services that the state needs to supplement at the local level. A town like Greenwich has the ability to fund most of its own services. The city of Bridgeport is not capable of fully funding its own education system.”"
"Ash had a Krabby in the anime, which he didn’t use much. But he did use it for the tournament, and it evolved after one battle."
"You don't have to go crazy decoing everything for it to look Hime. In fact, originally, Himegyaru is a very subtle and elegant style (well...I wouldn't say subtle! But you get my point, it's not all shitloads of pearls and lace...), just check out this Himegyaru truck driver who transformed her room into a modern day Rococo chateau! (also check out Keiko Mizoe's hair in the later part of the show!! Inspiration much?!)"
"He said, “what are you talking about?”"
"- Items, props, clothes, cars, books, images, people and dialogue are repeated over and over."
"Final Fantasy IV 6"
"Which one of the books in the series was your favorite to write and why?"
"Since 2010 I’ve felt these energies more in my spine, the left side of my head, and my Crown and Brow chakras. With the start of 2011, these solar transmissions caused my entire head, skull, eyes, jaw and into my sinuses to hurt and feel bruised and sore constantly. There were many months in 2011 when the pain was focused primarily on the right (from the old 3D system of duality–male) side of my head. Eventually the head pain and pressure was everywhere and would move from the whole head to an area on the right side, then back to the left side, then to the back of my head and neck, then to the top, then the front and down into the forehead and Brow chakra. I could feel my Pituitary being changed and connected, Rewired, in more complex ways with my Pineal and other brain glands. Literally our two brain halves have been Rewired to function as a (from the new 5D system of polarity integration and resolution) unified organ. Along with that our Pineal and Pituitary glands are being Rewired, connected, evolved into far more complex unified systems that can perceive much, much more."
"Your music is all over my car. I stored so much of your music in the “Jukebox” on my car when you would bring me a CD. I listen selectively. Music has always stirred me emotionally and your music serves up a double whammy. To tell you the truth some of it is so very weird I have wondered if you were picking on me to see if I would dare to question your musical tastes. You were such a snob concerning some things."
"of course, there are certain things i'll continue to hold on to... things that i will always treasure and will enjoy pulling out of a box to show isaac some day... things that will give him a glimpse into my past and what it was that shaped me."
"A colourful prompt for today…"
"The Gnostic rush many of us felt upon first seeing the Wachowski Brothers’ “The Matrix” was the heady sensation that somehow a deprogramming meme had made it through the corporate maze of AOL-Time-Warner, and that the dream factory itself had been tricked into promulgating a flash of gnosis. Millions responded and suddenly there was much more money on the table. All too predictably, the second and third Matrix films smothered the first film’s spark of insight under tons of ever more dazzling special effects, violence, and pretentious symbolism. The still small voice of the wake-up call embedded in film one was drowned out by the din of its own success. The series’ degeneration was an uncanny recapitulation of the suppression of ancient Gnosticism by the early Church. In the end, the Matrix – like the Church before it – emerged triumphant."
"My hope is built on nothing less"
"If you are lost, he is not."
"Marie-Angélique Bueler, composer, studied at the University of Sussex and at the University of York. Her compositions have led to a whole host of orchestral performances including Dust Parade and Shiny Blues. Adding to the mix, Refry for solo accordion and Tumbling in Time, a spectacular duet for Chinese flute and Western flute, are evocative, timeless works representing only a tiny corner of her deliberations with sound."
"I think this is just a natural thing...I think it will always be there...It will come and it will go...And I accept it."
"The mind must be unraveled."
"The article by Mainichi Shinbun on September 13 (linked below) summarizes the findings well enough. According to the article, the government researchers at Japan Atomic Energy Research and Development Agency and at Tokyo University announced the result of their analysis that the explosion of Reactor 4 reactor building at Fukushima I Nuclear Power Plant on March 15 may have been caused by a large amount of hydrogen gas produced by water radiolysis – dissociation of molecules by nuclear radiation in the Reactor 4 Spent Fuel Pool"
"Okay, this post is going to have to be short and sweet because I’m in the “Sunday night zone” and have a gazillion things to do before Monday morning hits."
"There was the petrol strimmer -it really kicked the shit out of the triffids."
"I knew if I laid there long enough, the grass would grow until it came within My reach. All I would need was patience, and it could all be mine. After waiting a full five minutes, I decided that patience wasn’t working, and I retired to My Indoor Domain and the waiting food bowl. Unlike the grass, the food bowl never mocks Me."
"9:42 - 10:32: Art, there's a substitute teacher."
"What better way to celebrate the first day of Spring then to attend the Sobo Style Spring Arts Market."
"Canada Goose 10"
"View of my Apartment Stairs from the Terrace. Thank you, Mr/Ms/Mrs unknown who took all the trouble to lit up our crappy building."
"10. Aeon"
"Coming as a twenty-five page, 9.55 Mb PDF, The Millionaire’s Special is short, sharp, and sweet. Released to coincide with the centenary of the Titanic’s tragic sinking, the proceeds from the sale of this very reasonably priced scenario go towards the charity, Heroes in the Dark, which creates audio comics to be enjoyed by the blind and sight-impaired. Nevertheless, the scenario does need a second edit and does have the feeling of having been rushed. To that end, it probably requires a little more careful handling by an experienced GM, especially during the scenario’s unstructured climax."
"The Supreme Court issued suo moto intervention directives to address conditions at healing shrines and to reform mental health services and institutions. The chaining of people at shrines was banned, and the adjoining boarding houses were ordered to meet mental health licensing requirements or close down. State governments were directed to galvanise mental health workers to identify people with mental illness at shrines, and to move them into psychiatric homes. These interventions were justified by the various statutory agencies as a mode of defending the human rights of people with mental illness, and as protecting them from exploitation by the operators of shrines and unlicensed asylums."
"and 2 more pieces (for the top and bottom) 12 in x 4in."
"A vital part of our proposals is that Cabinet, Government Ministers or politicians are prohibited from instructing or directing these new agencies in any way."
"(16) Micah 5:8-9"
"whisper down to the lambkid, she says:"
"I must apologize for lack of hot pads and dishtowels, they escaped my possession before I had the camera ready, but I have been assured that they are in their rightful place in my daughters retro kitchen right where they belong :)"
"It’s liberating to visit this famous film in such a different way. Finally, I appreciate Nosferatu’s artistic scope—encompassing not only horror, but also comedy, its unexpectedly close cousin. Nosferatu can, and should elicit chuckles, and we’ll no longer fear to laugh, because now, we’re sure we’re laughing with it."
"coarse salt & pepper"
"They process his release just after midnight on the next day, and he immediately heads for the tallest building he can find. He knows I’ll have my eye on him and he wants a chance to rub his victory in my face. I hover a thousand feet up, somewhat tempted to just keep flying on. Everybody deserves a second chance, they say. If this comes back to bite us, Paradigm will save us again and put the bad man in jail, they say. Maybe I should just let this one go and show them all. But I can’t."
"Using my real-life example concerning Oil painting, it is extremely easy to fall into this trap. One could easily say, chapter after chapter, “Yeah, that makes sense. Why waste precious paint, time, canvas, etc. just to do it?” I declared earlier that I am striving to master this artistic genre so, if this is indeed true, I need to become a true student and follow the master’s lead (even if the master is a book printed on beautiful glossy paper)."
"You should have seen our high-fives back in May when the coalition agreement was published. Not just one, but three of our long-fought campaigns looked as if they would at last cross the finishing line. We were promised that Contactpoint - the central database of every child in England – was heading for the scrapheap; that the retention of children’s DNA on the national DNA database would be drastically reduced, and that parental consent was to become mandatory whenever schools demand that children provide their fingerprints in exchange for library books and hot meals."
"And who ordered Comissioner Brown to bring Keith and myself in on this crime?"
"Fabric and Finish: Leather and Canvas were popular choices; Lacquer, Stain, Wax and Shellac (tough, transparent finish) were the “go-to” finishes of the Arts and Crafts Style."
"1 ha-ba"
"some of them dead,"
"FYI, It'll be in the Ritz Club space, which has apparently been all redecorated for the event (which may be more or less temporary, or lead to another more permanent place in Paris..)"
"For those who don't know his story, Raul has Epidermolysis Bullosa. He is 19 months old right now, and has lived his whole life in hospital isolation. Due to financial hardship, the hospitals are not able to purchase the supplies he needs, and so they isolate him to try to help prevent infection. Knowledge about EB is not common in the area where Raul lives, and they have been very open to learning. Children with EB are often called \"butterfly babies\" as their skin is as fragile as butterfly wings; they get blisters and wounds from pressure and friction. These blisters can occur on any membrane (skin, eyes, GI tract, etc.). Raul is currently refusing to eat more than one bottle per day, likely because of the extreme pain he is in. We give him infrequent Advil, but his pain is much greater than that can alleviate."
"I arrived home to find a lovely book on the table - a present for Easter from a friend - thank you M for the lovely thought. The book is 'Unwrecked England' by Caandida Lycett Green - looks lovely so I shall post on it in a day or two."
"I really want to find out how this scam operates. I have a London address from the first email with the Western Union wiring instructions: 7 Albemarle Street, London W1S 4HQ,United Kingdom"
"o Fold in the dry ingredients & pour into the loaf tin"
"\"For me, a high heel can never be too high.\" Christian Louboutin"
"I feel guilty, but I dread 3pm every day. I start a countdown in my head the minute he gets home until bedtime, and repeatedly tell myself \"only 5 more hours... only 3 more hours...\" until finally I can send him to bed and relax again."
"LOL~"
"The image I used today is called Heart Blooming Tree and it's adorable and I thought it would be perfect for a Valentine's Day card!"
"Also on the site are a fetching pair of suede patch leggings. They are £40 but after realising that my old trusty pair of ribbed American Apparel leggings and a cashmere camel jumper is my post-lecture go-to 'vege-out-fit' and that in terms of cost per wear I'm probably now being paid to wear said leggings, the idea of spending that £40 on another pair isn't too painful an idea."
"Nose: Marmalade, fruit cake, malt, oak, menthol, brown sugar. Sounds sweet but there is a bitter element as well. Water enhances the menthol and oak."
"God's sovereign power is in no danger whatever."
"Anwaar: Who could that be? I don’t understand why Professor Rashib would come back so early."
"As you lay sleeping next to me, I can't believe how blessed I am to have you. I know you will be a great big brother. You're such a sweet, caring little boy and I can't imagine life without you. I look forward to this new chapter in our lives. We have until December to soak up the novelty of just having you as an \"only child\" and I hope to share many, many experiences with you before that time."
"The first two are pretty self-explanatory, yes? As for New Year's Resolutions, I've always figured if there's something you want to do, just do it. Be here now, right?"
"I must fold it."
"Buuut I basically don't know anything about that sorta thing, so it'll take a while to do some research into it. I have dreamweaver and kiiinda know how to use it, but other than that, I'm clueless haha."
"For I have gone mad."
"while...."
"Patricia"
"Wyler"
"But the problem is much more pervasive than Wall Street and Washington. They're the easy targets because we are reminded of their greed and stupidity on a daily basis. Gene Williams, a 57-year-old bond trader, nailed it as he joked that he was \"one of the bad guys\" but that he empathized with the demonstrators. \"They have a point in a lot of ways,\" he said. \"The fact of the matter is, there is a schism between the rich and the poor and it's getting wider.\""
"2. When potterish donkeys begin muttering beneath their breath, it's time for the more horticulturally minded mule to find a pair of pruners and start working in Mum's garden. I called it my quiet red mule 'side-step.'"
"over medium heat in a small frying pan heat the oil"
"Kreisleriana, op.16"
"The story unfolds from the point of view of these sets of characters, each of them high quality ingredients to this bubbly, explosive mix of a cocktail."
"Until, he accidentally vaporize his Pre-Algebra Teacher, Mrs. Doods! He needed to defend himself against Mrs. Doods who was attacking him while transforming from a regular teacher to a monster! Thank goodness his Latin teacher, Mr. Brunner throw him a pen, that when uncapped became a three-foot long bronze sword that vaporized her!"
"I told my therapist to take some action against the daughter or do something to help the poor parents and she did try but failed. Even a police report would worsen the matters in their case she said with such pain in her voice. It troubled me. We are still thinking how to change the situation. The woman is well to do so the monitory condition is not the reason."
"Meanwhile Sarawak Report has pointed out the irony of the BN-government’s attempt to ‘buy supporters’ for the Najib’s “Evening With the PM” event on Monday when barely two weeks ago some 1,000 Malaysians had turned up on their own accord to support the Bersih 3.0 global rally in London calling for a clean and fair elections in Malaysia."
"What are the classic items that you can add to your wardrobe that will never go out of style? What are timeless pieces that add style and class after fashion fades? That’s right…it’s time to talk about another essential piece you should add to your wardrobe. The clutch. I just LOVE clutches and can’t get enough of them! What’s that you say? You’re afraid to add a clutch to your wardrobe because you’ll lay it down somewhere and then forget it? Never fear…there are a lot of clutches these days that are made in the wristlet style, so they have a strap to wear around your wrist. Problem solved! Now you have no more excuses."
"Brayden is doing awesome in his big boy bed! :) I asked him where the baby sleeps and he pointed to the crib, and I asked him where he sleeps and he showed me his room. It was too cute. I put the crib bedding in the crib- I couldn't wait- but I am waiting on some other things before I post pictures of her room."
"Could there be more wrong track? nope. uwu"
"2006 N. 9th Street Rd., Lafayette"
"New Converse. I have 3 pairs of Converse already but somehow I need these Aqua Blue ones. Since I graduated college I have worn Converse maybe 3 times. What is wrong with me?"
"I am doing a little series on the Master Bedroom over the next few weeks. You can find the first post here."
"14 Gimme All Your Lovin'"
"It basically says that we should eat a plant based & whole grain diet to aid in a healthier, longer living life."
"like Mr.Miagi from the Karate Kid. P’Om is Suzanne’s teacher friend"
"I think that our biggest issue is Jacob's attachment to us. Again, I must say that things are going very well, but it's as though we just realized that we've only been home for 3 months and that we thought we were more established than we really are. Realistically, Jacob has only had 3 months to attach and that just isn't enough time to see the healthy results we were perhaps hoping for. Jacob went to a birthday party the other day. I stayed with him at the party, because we are definitely not at a point where we can just leave him. Not that he needs us, but that he doesn't yet realize that Brad and I are FOREVER his parents. So, we took our coats off and I sent him in with the other kids. Although I was in the room with him 95% of the time, he felt absolutely no need to seek me out for anything. When he needed his drink he went to the closest person, when he needed a snuggle, he went to the closest person, when he needed to go to the bathroom he told the closest person (who then let me know and I took him). His independence is far too established for a two year old. And at that, it isn't independence, as he needs someone to help him with all of the normal two year old needs. When I did take his hand and try to help him he whined or cried... I tried really hard not to allow the feelings of rejection to stick around very long, but I long for the day when Jacob seeks me out and needs ME! I spend all day every day with him, and when we're at home, of course he looks to me, but as soon as we are with other people, it doesn't matter to him who helps him, holds him or comforts him."
"Now, that doesn’t mean simply selling DI. It’s about making a commitment to employers and individuals that you will be there in their time of need. It is not a case of “sell it and forget it,” but making a promise to be indispensable. Who else is going to offer that to these clients and prospects?"
"This may end up being a very long post, but I have coupons and discount codes and other goodies to tell you about, so please bear with me :)"
"Dear Chong,"
"2-24-2012"
"Use our goodness and nourishment in the Name of missionary"
"I've had my moments of gripe over having to share my living space with others, but I cannot deny that each individual that I've shared a dorm/apartment/house with has taught me more about myself and how to interract with other people in this world than anyone else ever could. I appreciate each and every one of them for the lessons they have taught me. I'm going to miss ( in theory) living with someone else."
"When I moved into my 20s I was into the entire 'natural' look which only meant I still wore mascara on the eyes and vaseline to shiny up my lips (yep, I said vaseline)."
"In the early days of a new war, Cassidy Rain’s family was a military family. Her father is in the Air Force, stationed overseas, and she’s being largely raised by her grandfather."
"Sheikh Al-Qaradhawi Explains His Objections to Muslim-Christian Interfaith Dialogue"
"Lucky for me a reason found me! A little girl's ice cream birthday party to be exact!And to boot I figured I would let you all know how I made them, so you can make them to!!!"
"It was a simple question from a confused new mum."
"So if anyone ever insists on you using gloves in an archive, use your common sense. Ask the archivist why you should wear them (there may be a good reason relating to the particular material you are consulting) but if you find that they prevent you handling the document with appropriate care, say so, and ask for help. Libraries are full of aids to make the physical process of consulting original material less risky. There are special stands, weights, cushions and acid-free place markers. It's quite rare to be told that they are available, where they are, or how to use them. Find out. It will prolong the life of irreplaceable documents, and make the joy of working in an archive less anxiety-laden, and even more intense."
"In college I kept listening, mostly because every time I opened my mouth I was slapped down and criticized as that-intolerant-conservative-Christian. I began to understand how I had wounded others with my Bible-verse sword, how I had cut out their tongues with it and counted myself righteous for doing so. I had wounded others growing up as I was now being wounded by my professors and fellow students. I listened, and I learned how it felt to be uninvited to the conversation."
"Is it Protestant-friendly? Absolutely. It’s a catholic book, but the contents are suitable for any christian. I can’t promise there isn’t a single unique-to-catholics sentence anywhere in there, but none come to mind. Might make a nice discussion tool for that awkward silence when you aren’t sure what you have in common with your catholic (protestant) friend. The answer is: All this. Lots of room at that lunch table."
"\"So,\" he says turning back to me, \"things are good for the Kalas. Each circuit took a couple of years to sail from Scales to Japan and back, but it was so profitable. Shame eventually Japan would close itself off to trade. The Kalas might have become billionaires decades earlier. Before that happened though there was a change in the Kalas themselves. Count Kala passed on and Maria went into seclusion. Their eldest son, Marko Kala took over and decided to change the policy. He sent their ships south to Spanish territory. He had Jesuits on each ship and instructed them to say that they were a distant mission if questioned.\""
"Is it bad that I say out of boredom? Cuz that’s totally what happened. I’m a bit of a dork and I’d act out scenes and create characters in my head while I did the daily stuff. Folding laundry, doing dishes, doing my hair, you know… crap like that which is totally boring if something isn’t going through my head. One day I just sat at the computer and starting putting it all on ‘paper’. Before I knew it, I had written a book. (a"
"As is true in each of these adoption stories, God is moving and doing a work to make the logistics happen. This morning I got this email..."
"Mary Kostakidis, chair of the Sydney Peace Foundation, said governments around the world sought Dr Shiva’s counsel on issues of sustainable development. “Vandana Shiva’s work highlights the fundamental connection between human rights and the protection of the environment,” Ms Kostakidis said. “She offers solutions to some of the most critical problems posed by the effects of globalisation and climate change on the poorest and most populous nations.”"
"Truly, one of the greatest films of all time, Blade Runner stamped itself on my consciousness at an early age. I was blown away by the sheer scale of the film, the humanity of it’s characters, the depth at which each one developed, the action, the scenes, everything!!! But behind it all, was Vangelis, the genius. He stoked the fires of intrigue with the first few bars of the films opening sequence. He gave credence to Deckard’s doubt on the rooftops in this very song. But most of all , he helped you Believe. And that’s what a great soundtrack does, it helps you disengage from the real world, and really immerse yourself into the cinematic experience, in a way that no tv-show canned generic muzak ever could. The strings follow the surges of adrenalin, the bass follows your heartbeat, the suspense of a violin string pulling you to the edge of your seat . . . ."
"OMG, when they wanted to put the shoes on! \"Do they...look like they're your...size?\" \"Shut up.\" \"Are you...\" \"Getting the urge to French Siegfried myself into oblivion?\""
"What I did learn is that this is not my home and that I will face struggles and trials while here on earth. How I respond to those struggles and trials is my choice. God is an active resource in our lives, waiting for our cue for Him to guide, strengthen and even bless us. I learned what the blessings and benefits of belong to Christ are. Do you know what they are?"
"The February 2012 report is different from the recent pattern. The January 2012 report showed that 1.177 million people were added to the “not in labor force” category. The February 2012 report shows a decrease of 310,000 in the same category. That’s quite a turnaround. Let’s look closer."
"Bessacarr & Cantley"
"I can't say enough about making lists. They are invaluable to get things done and when things get busy and guests are arriving. They keep you organized and truly aid in you having a good time also. When people ask if they can help, you can glance it over and give them a job. I love it when someone preps for me (especially someone who knows how to chop etc.) and I can focus on cooking. As a guest, I absolutely love being someone's prep cook. A delicious bottle of wine in the kitchen with the cooks is a must!"
"At our retreat to plan the Create in Me retreat, we tried the art exercise/meditation that our leader had planned to have us do the first night of the Create in Me retreat. I wrote this post about the process. To sum up, we arrived to our tables after breakfast to find 3 markers at our seats; everyone had different colors. Our leader brought in a blank calendar page, October, for each of us. We were told to fill in our calendars however we'd like. We could use the markers of our neighbors, but we couldn't talk. We would have 10 minutes. For the more recent Create in Me retreat, we had the materials under our seats."
"Teachers are being forced to report children as young as three to the authorities for using alleged ‘racist’ language, it was claimed last night. Munira Mirza, a senior advisor to London Mayor Boris Johnson, said schools were being made to spy on nursery age youngsters by the Race Relations Act 2000."
"11. Boys are way more cooler."
"This is my weekly hop where I post a prompt and you get to write to it on your blog - come back here and add it to my linky and then we all get to go read what you wrote!"
"Context on the show: Homer offers this very special advice after Bart fails – due in large part to Homer – in his audition to become Mr. Burns’ heir."
"Tom Barney: bass"
"PKIXT Blog (pkixtblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time."
"The evening dinner was a bit awkward…the mansion and the schedule are both setup to accommodate regular Sims. I, on the other hand, do not consume plant and animal tissue for nutrition, I absorb sunlight and produce my own nutrition. In addition, my room contains a bed for sleeping, but no grow light. In fact, I am so used to living in a home with a grow light…"
"An ex-employee at the Southwestern Institute of Forensic Sciences complained about tainted rape kits, blood stock and DNA analysis at the Dallas crime lab."
"I've managed to take the giant mess of nails and hooks down from this wall and hang double the number of rotary rulers, store my rotary cutter, pens, starch, and miscellaneous tools needed next to my ironing / cutting area all on the wall."
"murder mystery —- then the"
"Ali Hasan Abu Kamal, Pipes continues, a Palestinian with radical Muslim affiliations, shot seven people on top of the Empire State building in February 1997, killing one. His suicide note accused the United States of using Israel as its “instrument” against the Palestinians, but city officials ignored this evidence and classified Abu Kamal as “one deranged individual working on his own.”"
"Q: How much time do you devote to writing each day?"
"God gave them up to a reprobate mind.”"
"I just can't see it, and wonder what it all holds for me. What will 2008 bring in its wake?"
"Now, I don’t discount our need of our earthly shepherds because they are still the dispensers of the sacraments, especially those of Reconciliation and the Eucharist. It is just that some of them cannot fully comprehend where we Charismatics are, spiritually, making it difficult for them to provide in-depth spiritual guidance for us when they themselves have never experienced the fullness and spiritual gifts of the Spirit and, in many cases, even resist them."
"The eyes on my new dolls are also pretty special -- they are the original, hand-painted designs of a lovely and talented lady named Clara. Clara has plenty of \"grab and go\" eyes available in her Etsy shop, or you can check out some of her original designs in her Facebook gallery (Matilda is sporting a pair of Clara's kawaii eyes -- they're absolutely perfect for her... don't you think?)"
"Website editors should constantly monitor and remove such offending posts."
"In my forties, with the ugly Five-O looming on the horizon like Godzilla with a bad case of hammer toe, I got serious about writing. If I was going to do this, I’d better get cracking, I told myself. I was going to finish the darn book and get published before my fiftieth birthday."
"Got up with alarm at 5:55, but would’ve been woken up for the drag of the mass bells calling the drones to worship. 6am the clatter of gongs. I would only go there to tell them to stop that racket. You may be monks living cloistered lives, but you don’t have the right to force the remainder of us to conform. Oh, this is a good god fearing nation, I forget."
"9) - Brooklyn Nightmares, See \"NoLandGrab\""
"Even “non nonsense” and “robust” tactics as per below somehow failed to work"
"At 6 minutes:"
"I just discovered Natasha Guderman, a photographer living in Paris. She likes to photograph women – naked – in their homes. On the Creative Review website she said:"
"And the tough love carer refused to let the hitcher hitch home now."
"Behold: TRAVELLERS MECCA; Flight 001! I ran into this place when I was searching the area surrounding my very trendy and awesome hotel, Public."
"Stand in a long line in the rain"
"The other day, Mom took some Kong peanut butter (a gross concoction made strictly for dogs to put in their Kong toys) and spread it on a dog biscuit for our dog Meka. This was an extra special treat for Meka, but when my mom placed it in her mouth, Meka quickly scarfed it down and looked up for more. My mom remarked, \"Geez Meka, savor it!\""
"Laurie Shutt MacKeigan"
"03/26/2012"
"3. Liars Beware"
"\"From Sappho to Judy Chicago, from the late Egyptian era to Audrey Flack, this anthology of fine art reproductions and literary excerpts proclaims the strength and majesty of the feminine experience. The images and messages remind women of their spiritual heritage, their innate wisdom, the integrity of the female body and its rites of passage, and the growing global community of women who celebrate the return of a female deity.\" -- product descriptionEvery Last One ~ by Anna Quindlen, 2010"
"“But Peter and John answered and said unto them, Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye.”"
"Being the literary genius that I am, I get on a regular occasion at least two people every three or four years asking me if I have written my novel yet. So due to this unprecedented public demand, I have decided to give the followers of this blog something back as a thank you for all the support and love I have received from you all since I started it."
"I can't believe we've almost made it to 100 home.made. followers!!"
"same shit different shade"
"I looked out the window to see our neighbor’s dog take off running down the road. This neighbor was in the same situation as me – her husband was at church, and she was home getting three small children ready on her own. Their five year old daughter was in her pretty Easter dress, looking down the road as the dog took off. Since Keith had just pulled into the driveway, still wearing a sweatshirt and jeans, he chased their dog around the neighborhood."
"Best Weight Loss Tips – Not Enough Water"
"but the year pretty much bit it. I saw it coming. I grew a few more grey hairs. I adapted."
"Under the couple’s 2008 divorce decree, the children lived with the father and the mother had visitation rights."
"Luckily, after the First Half, I didn’t get sicker, and actually took a turn for the better. My training went really well, the rest of February was strong, I finished the month with a total of 151 kms in mileage. March was a killer month, in both good and bad ways! It was a great month overall for training, and I was feeling like superwoman, getting in lots of workouts, lots of running, cross-training, and everything was quality work-outs, I felt invincible! However, the last week of March, I pushed too hard, and I learned a very valuable lesson. That over-training is a very real thing, and that recovery days are just as important as workout days. It was a tough lesson to learn, and I had 4 terrible painful days of hardly being able to walk, but luckily I learned this lesson 6 weeks out from the race. Still, March was as I said, a killer month, totaling 245.25 kms!!"
"I’d already commissioned Anna to write for TERROR TALES OF THE LAKE DISTRICT before I’d read LITTLE PIG, but I read LITTLE PIG before she delivered her Lake District story, and I knew straight away that I’d made the right choice. Great to see that others – Ellen Datlow no less – agree."
"Laura Wood wants men to man up for, in a nutshell, the good of society. Perhaps if it were more evident that society gave a tinker's damn about men, they would be more willing to do so."
"13. When The Sun Goes Down (Livin’ Blues) 4:46"
"We headed down to the Riverwalk to eat and see the lights up. There is also a river parade that goes on but we just admired the view from afar. The new LED lights were the talk of the town. It is magical on the riverwalk during Christmas. I highly recommend it. If you are there you may want to stop by the huge tree in front of the Alamo."
"I tell her to call when she gets to work"
"My Coffee Stop are the latest addition to Venuse. Based at the end of Platform 1, Enfield Chase, the Fairtrade themed coffee shop are pleased to join us and offer free venue space to the social sector."
"I wanna have a cat. Because I really love Cats. Especially Abyssinian and American short hair."
"Spread some cream cheese, farmer's cheese, goat cheese on the other side."
"glares"
"Note: I was not paid or compensated in any way for writing this. The documentary team who produced this had no idea that I was going to mention this film on my blog. But it’s the least I can do after seeing this."
"The study—conducted over a 12-year period in Nouabalé-Ndoki National Park in the Republic of Congo—helps to illuminate the selective pressures that influence the evolution of great apes."
"For the cause, I am donating my stock of stitched and eco printed greeting cards…about six dozen. This is still the year of stash busting! The cards were fun to make, especially with eco printed watercolour paper, cut to fit a greeting card window. The stitched cards have always been a favourite way to limber up in the studio…no planned designs, just playing with colours and textures using fragments left from finished works to make tiny artwork – see a selection below:"
"Agar marches off into highly speculative territory in responding to this. He reckons the War on Aging (de Grey’s term, not Agar’s) will lead to an increased disregard for the welfare and rights of those subjected to medical tests. He suggests that the use of those who do not have access to longevity increasing treatments could be used as guinea pigs, and that the introduction of a kind of medical conscription is not impossible."
"D'Arienzo in general makes some people feel a bit seasick, and this is a very marked example.You might listen to this and feel alarmed and queasy rather than excited - it could go either way."
"782 D-IX/26/1979. “Mildred Elizabeth Tress (1910-1979).” Bond Chapel, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois."
"What’s his problem?"
"I did nothing to point out that, thought she didn’t know who she was, she seemed to remember me just fine. I guess I slipped through the cracks in her fictitious memory loss saga."
"So here are the rules:"
"Apps and games"
"Now there’s a plan, and certainly an answer to (someone’s) prayer: marry the left to ninja super-liberal class-warfare Jesus, hint at civil war, and for good measure, call some conservative Christians not really Christians at all. That should trigger a gush of electoral success."
"The first one is Casa Dragones - a sipping tequila. I was invited to a tasting, and boy was I educated on sipping. The tequila is crystal clear with a very complex nose that changes depending on where you hold the glass. I got deep spice notes with an anise finish that lingers. If you ever get the chance to try it, you'll understand why it is $300. It is nothing like the tequilas that you use for mixing. For the price point, you don't want to mix this one."
"So, after consulting with (read this as badgering the hell out of) many of my close, personal, friends (read this as those who couldn’t escape) I’ve made the decision to start this little blog in the hopes that it will either benefit, amuse, or make someone smile. Or kill some time at the Dr’s office. Even if it just does any number of those things for me alone."
"Life has changed since coming out, i wake up every day knowing I’m me, the human being jesus blessed me to be. And nobody can change that. I inspire each and every one of you young boy’s out their, if questioning becomes a part of your life, or your afraid to come out, take a breathe, step back, realize that coming out is not a bad thing, it make’s you a better person, emotionally and physically, knowing pretty soon your gonna wake up to a man you love, and be openly happy about it."
"Outside the museum are 13 murals, painted on the sides of neighborhood buildings. Most pay homage to the violent history and Bogside’s heroes; one envisions a bright future."
"Punctuated by the sound of tears on an LCD screen"
"When I said it is all spiritual the Bible says the we don’t battle with each other but against Powers and principalities. So back to my original question who are you going to trust?"
"Of all the broad religious traditions, I think Buddhism comes closest to retaining the spirit of its founder and greatest teacher, Gautama the Buddha. Buddhists have never started a war to advance their cause. No one has ever been forced to convert to Buddhism."
"When mature Christians talks about faith, they have a distinct idea of what it means. To them, faith is more than just an idea or belief, it is their identity and their life. More and more, as younger Christians are faced with an ever widening pluralism in society, faith has taken on a new meaning. To the average young person in the church, the Christian faith is just one among many. With so many different ideas about God, a singular means of understanding Him is seen as narrow and bigoted. With tolerance being the theme of a generation, the distinctions of Christianity are the first to fall under attack."
"Lastly, I decided to liquidate my remaining $DIS calls for a small profit…I think the official scorer ruled it a ‘bunt single’…though the first baseman did appear to bobble the throw. This was an “instinctual” sell…and it looks like I was mistaken, yet again."
"3. Autumn Leaves"
"\"Kind of cool, actually, \" I said. \"I feel like I am invisible."
"I do have a feeling though that going to school in the States, so close to the outlets and major mall is going to be DANGEROUS!!!!!!!"
"You blew it. It seemed like your stage was going ok, but right around the end of the first turn the sous told you that you could take off. You considered protesting, but instead you decided to change, have a smoke and get a bite to eat. Sitting down at the bar, you order your food and a drink, and sometime later the chef tells you that you're welcome back anytime...but no job is discussed. And you dont ask about one. Your stage is over, and you wasted it. So how did this happen?"
"“Due to shortage of degree holder engineers, a provision was made in the recruitment rules to allow promotion of diploma holder engineers with outstanding ability and record to the post of executive engineer. In 1996, new recruitment rules were framed wherein the quota of diploma holders was made equal to that of degree holders for promotion to the post of executive engineer. But the department of personnel and training (DOPT) guidelines mandate a review in the rules after every five years, which has not been done for 16 years,” said a degree holder engineer, on the condition of anonymity."
"The main course will be slices of pan-fried honey glazed Perigord duck from the same French supplier at the Christmas market where I always buy my Christmas magrets; indeed, it was his duck that I served for that fateful Christmas lunch five years ago when I invited a poor unfortunate to join me; as he is still here, I can only blame the duck. Did you know that a \"magret\" is a breast of a duck that is raised for the purpose of producing foie gras?"
"However, much to the dismay of the silent and shocked crowd, a quick recovery was made."
"I am finding the book quite absorbing, although, since it was written in 1980, the feminist and political views expressed by the characters seem rather dated, in the light of hindsight. I expect they were considered quite unusual at the time. Later: I am afraid that as the book progressed I began to lose interest in the main character’s increasingly peculiar life, friends and acquaintances. I finished the book with difficulty and was very disappointed in it as Margaret Drabble has written some excellent novels and is usually one of my favourite authors. I fear this book is not in the same class as others she has written – or perhaps I lacked the intellect to enjoy it."
"As for the speech itself, the New York Times summed it up nicely in their morning headline: Obama, Vague on Issues, Pleases Crowd in Europe. The thing I had to keep remembering as the blurry phrases piled up around the wall metaphor he'd set up at the start (the Wall and the Berlin Airlift were the two leitmotifs) was that this was a speech for Americans, not the Germans who'd taken off from work early on a nice Thursday afternoon to hear him."
"The lead single “Feel That Fire” was just released to country radio and with plans to take a break from the road this Fall, Bentley will be fired up to introduce other brand new music to fans on the 2009 Paisley Party Tour."
"\"Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.\""
"But, they weren't really doing it when you guys were, that's the thing. You guys were among the initiators of that."
"taking large bites, your face screwed up, your head hammering with the brain freeze"
"This was life! And it was out there beckoning!"
"Luke: You won't be sorry!"
"It was the first and only time that she had felt something, something that she at first didn't recognize. The world that bowed down at her feet, the world that groveled and crawled for her, the world she kicked in the teeth time and again out of sheer spite, suddenly had turned upside down on her. It had turned her upside down and for the first time left her unsure, reeling, her head in the clouds, her eyes tearing, not from his fangs on her shoulder, not from the ways that her body responded with wave after wave of consuming, mind-altering pleasure, his treasure buried, unhurried, deep inside her, drawing out her cries, her sighs, but from the sudden inexplicable way that her mind and body had responded to his touch, so much so that it had left her terrified, feeling more alone than ever before when he unexpectedly seemed to turn away from her, to choose another path. Rejection? Was this what she'd felt? Not so long ago she'd melt in his arms, his charms overwhelming her will, she still ached for him in those quiet moments that she forgot how much the world still hated her, spurned as if she wasn't the most powerful, most beautiful, most amazing woman that Oz had ever seen."
"Permethrin is amazing, but you always need to remember that it is a neurotoxin. I made the mistake of underestimating the efficacy of the spray once and I definitely won’t make the same mistake again. I had decided to spray down the curtains in my room as that’s where the mosquitoes liked to congregate. Normally you only ever use this stuff outdoors, but with a whole field day and a powerful fan in my room I figured I would be ok. I did not however count on being turned around at the head of the trail by a landowner, and being forced into an office day. The machine that I use to analyze rocks is a pain in the ass to set up and move. For this reason its permanent resting place is on my desk, in my room…..10 feet from the poison soaked curtains I sprayed 60 minutes prior."
"view. Did you always see the story from both sides? Were there any difficulties switching between characters? Ever start a scene from one character’s perspective and then decide it was better from the other side?"
"…this time however, I went to the city which some people call ”The Venice of the North” and no, I do not mean Amsterdam…I mean the other City, called Bruges:)"
"But despite my recent increased effort to post more often, my hits have gone down. And before you start telling me that \"you need to read and comment on other blogs and join other blogs to get more readers,\" I've been doing a lot of that lately."
"- 100g ham"
"It’s not an exhaustive list by any manner of means but it is indicative of some of the big issues. It can be expanded as we go – or, indeed, challenged. It serves, I think, to indicate that Scotland thinks and feels differently about big issues in society, that we pull towards a different path, that we would be more comfortable, more stable, feel more in solidarity if we went our own way."
"Here are a few of my favorite finds..."
"Honestly... that's all i could think of."
"Ahh, Mark just brought me the last of our Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream Oreo Pie….recipe coming next week also. What a wonderful way to end the night."
"Thursday saw us start making cake pops, finalise shopping and to-do lists, and generally getting all excited over the final arrangements."
"— Remain free of associations and activities that may compromise integrity or damage credibility."
"After several years of trial, error, effort and research, they started Buttoned Up whose mission is to give women the tools they need to live an organized life not a life of organization."
"\"Harbinger\" now poses on a piece of found driftwood eager to greet visitors as they enter the Gallery."
"Gray is not the extent of what causes confusion and frustration"
"“Do you spell “I” in capitals? All my itself?”"
"With a timeless classic, Jaz sang the late Etta James beautifully. However, it has all been done before and sparked no new style or exclaimation point as to whom or what Jaz stands for."
"Anthony also reveals an old shippers tail: “The old joke goes, it was fine when it left here, made by the Irish men and sunk by a English one.”"
"465. Pepperoni Slice from Papa Romeo (Chicago, IL) @ JR’s Place – 2:25 P.M."
"To many of us live our lives a prisoners in a windowless room in the highest tower of the tallest mountain of our own kingdom, Reality. Why do we never think about our thinking?"
"Later in the evening I took my youngest son to see the Yale Glee Club High School Festival. I wasn’t sure how he would like the choral music but after the first piece he was shouting “Bravo!” from his seat (not sure where he learned that). He told me he particularly loved how no one voice was distinguishable, it was the single sound of all the voices coming together that amazed him. For the last number along with the New Haven High School Glee club they sang a rousing rendition of Take Me To The River, it was exhilarating. On the walk back to the car we just kept saying, “that was really fun!”"
"****Update***"
"* I am seriously so overdue for a hair appointment! So much for getting a blue streak/feather for Autism Awareness month...its almost over!"
"That’s basically everyone I follow who posts regularly. Oops. I ought to follow more people."
"Caution! Aspartame is now being replaced in many products by sucralose (Splenda, E955) and/or Neotame (E961), but these sweeteners are also highly toxic!"
"and Gruene Hall for music & dance."
"Today I’d like to talk to you about Selective Sound Sensitivity Syndrome. If you’ve heard me say “I kind of have a problem with my hearing”, this is what it is."
"You could just barely make out the line of the boar’s back over the thick grass. Travis and I studied intently with the binoculars to make sure it wasn’t a black calf. Only after we caught his long wire-haired tail swishing did we made the correct call that it was in fact a pig. Travis, Chris and PJ set up a stalk covering a couple hundred yards while Krunk and I enjoyed the experience from the Chevy. This time, Chris came through, felling a 120lb. young boar with one shot."
"Povitica, pronounced ‘po-va-teet-sa’ is traditional Eastern European dessert bread that is traditionally served during the holiday season. It is also known as Nutroll, Potica, Kalachi or Strudia. It is a heavy sweet bread that requires quite a bit of time, skill and patience to make, meaning they often sell for extortionate amounts. Povitica is quite unique and unlike any other kind of bread I’ve ever come across. It looks a little rustic on the outside, but once sliced, reveals the most amazing swirls of thin dough interlaced with sweet sticky filling. I love how its not even just one swirl, but two or three individual swirls in each slice. It really is quite extraordinary, a real show stopper!"
"Dick is distraught to learn that Maisie is leaving to go away to school, saying that he loves her and even that, as they are to be separated, it would have been better if she had shot straight and killed him. Maisie has a rather chilling line here: “How selfish you are! Just think how much trouble it would have caused for me.” This is an interesting change from the book, where Maisie is worried about how she would feel if she had killed Dick rather than whether she would be punished. The shift of emphasis makes her character seem harder and more self-centred, although in other scenes I think Carson and Wellman tend to make if anything her slightly more sympathetic than she is in the book. In this early scene, she also speaks of her longing to be an artist and suggests Dick should follow the same career, after he says that he can’t pass exams but can draw good caricatures of his masters."
"2010.09.09 Pakistan Kurram 10 4 Militants murder ten bus passengers with an explosive device."
"\"Drag me clear.\" Rissad spoke through clenched teeth. Glancing down, Rel realised he'd left the Gatemaker lying where the door would soon start pushing him along by his broken leg. The mere thought turned Rel's empty stomach. Given how long it had taken them to get Rissad upright the first time, there was little chance of getting him on his feet now. But there was no way of dragging him short of holding his good arm and pulling."
"“A force at rest is at rest because it is balanced by some other force or by its own reaction,” Roebling had once written."
"Yes! You will, indeed!"
"Martin Lancelot: electric guitar & flute"
"Thus extremist choose on one hand to oppose abortion but have no reservations in sending anyone to their deaths and abolishing all charitable acts to keep wealth in their hands and on the other extreme they hand out compassion and assistance to the needy but support abortion."
"Several years ago disenchanted writers—many of whom were women—took a critical look at the genre palette. Romance. Suspense. Historical. Fantasy. They began breaking the rules and mixing colors in new and surprising ways. “Romantic Suspense” was the first obvious breakout. Others followed. Vampires in Victorian England. Zombies consorting with elves. Quirky blends of women’s fiction with laugh-out-loud dialogue and mystery elements."
"Thank you for coming, Zel, Spike and Tere ^^"
"It was a pleasure to finally be able to translate this song, the original video doesn’t contains the lyrics so I decided to make a new one, at the beginning I was going to do a slideshow but due to the several effects and video layers I had to use it was simply not possible, also the original picture has a typo, so I had to edit it with my own title and add bump mapping to make up for the low resolution."
"You must have loved me to look at me that way?"
"After his appointment, Chirkov said he would prioritize the construction of navy fleets in Russia. “The most important thing for Russia is to build a fleet with the support of the president and like-minded persons,” Chirkov stated."
"Today, as we cross the threshold of light once again, the longest night settles upon us, creating a sweet contradiction."
"5) Find your spine. It’s your one strong idea, the toehold that gets you started. The spine of this e-newsletter, for example, is that writing is a core competency of effective marketing. Related to it is the inspiration I found in Twyla’s book."
"Of desire"
"I look into her eyes and feel the warmth."
"I found etsy and said, \"Well, my comics are hand made. What have I got to lose?\" I started me store and with in 24 hours I had my first sale. My second sale took a bit longer but I past 500 sales this year. I sell me books at comic conventions as well as etsy. If there are other sites that I could sell my books on, I haven't found them yet."
"OK, so I know for a lot of you who read my blog every week, it was a bit of a disappointment to see nothing about the last two weeks. Well, I didn’t disappear, and I didn’t fail you in following through on those reviews. I simply failed to post the link and summaries on my blog. But no more! Kora is back in action and her reviews are still here!"
"A hireling is a wage worker or a hired servant whose sole concern is their compensation while a Levite is a servant of the Lord Jesus Christ who is called into full time service and therefore committed to serving others and caring for their place of employment as unto the Lord."
"Some outfits are Zipping"
"I didn’t come and talk to you, ‘cause that’s never worked before"
"For my money Phil hasn't done enough lately, but that makes jewels like this even that much more special when you come across them."
"“There was nothing I saw that was shocking, just stuff that is not (otherwise) available to the public,” he said."
"Kam has her last orchestra concert of the year tonight and then she is looking forward to putting the violin away for the summer. She is totally loving dance lately and I am amazed at how quickly she is progressing!! Her jumps are so effortless, and her kicks are gorgeous. I always have had short, muscular legs, but hers are so long and lean, she just makes it look effortless. I love that she comes to me for advice on her technique.. I may be off the dance floor, but I still got it! We can be found at 10pm doing pirouettes in the kitchen, laughing as we slam into the fridge. I love my girl so much!!"
"Since producing this, I got some feedback from a professor I know locally who deals with design. He gave me some suggestions on ways I could easily improve it -- make \"MICHAEL\" and \"HAYNES\" be the same width by changing font sizes and tighten up the distance between \"GRAVITY'S\" and \"PULL.\" Both of those make sense to me and I may do that at some point. It's not hard to upload a new cover. If nothing else, I plan to use those tips when designing future covers."
"Oh life, why do you leave us?"
"They jemmied the sliding door, and took my bilum. In which was my wallet, containing some money, not much. But the REAL piss off is that it contained all my cards."
"The flavors here are bright and sweet, and the recipe is simple. For the dressing, whisk together 1/2 cup mango juice (I used a mango-peach blend with no added sugar, but I bet you could easily put chopped mango into a blender with water and strain to make your own mango juice), 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons minced fresh mint, a pinch of clove and a pinch of coriander."
"He wanted only one thing."
"Even dish towels were touched with a bit of romance. These two puppy dogs are too cute!"
"Quilt batting (or your preferred stuffing material)"
"Allah (the AllMighty) denied the equality between the believers who sit (at home) and join not in Jihad-and the Mujahidin (those who fight in Allah’s Cause),-Then He mentioned the superiority of the Mujahidin over those (believers) who sit (at home) by a grade and then later on mentioned their (Mudahidin’s) superiority over them (believers who sit at home) by degrees of grades. Ibn Zaid (a religious scholar) said: The degrees of grades with which Allah (swt) preferred the Mujahidin over those (believers) who sit (at home) are seven and these Allah mentioned in His Statement:"
"To check more from Polli and to shop online, click here. You can find the complete recipe for the lamingtons and more photos after the jump. Thanks to Tess, Maja, Hannah, and the entire Polli team for another great recipe!"
"I'm not one for 'skinny' dipping!"
"CQC chief executive Cynthia Bower said last night: 'The trust has taken our concerns seriously but improvements are simply not happening fast enough."
"C – CMOS TTL Series"
"Sleep apnea became an issue under the first head of the FMCSA’s Medical Review Board Barbara Phillips, M.D. who was also the Chair of the National Sleep Foundation (NSF). NSF receives funding from sources including foundations, corporations and federal agencies. Dr. Phillips has also been affiliated with Astra Zeneca, Boehringer-Ingelheim, GlaxoSmithKline, ResMed, and Sanofi-Aventis; has participated as a consultant for Ogden, Newell & Welch, PLLC; has received speaking honoraria from Boehringer-Ingelheim, GlaxoSmithKline, Cephalon, JewishHeart Lung Institutes, Orphan Medical, Pfizer, ResMed, St. Joseph’s Hospital, Swedish Medical Center, and Sepracor."
"Do you know how many the Ford Flex seats?"
"SierraMadreSue"
"My friend then said: You know that the symbol for justice is a woman who has on a blindfold - so that she can't see who stands before her. The judge isn't supposed to pay attention to whether the defendant is rich or poor - the judgement should be made regardless of the condition of the defendant."
"Before I went on my Walk to Emmaus event, a friend at church said to me, \"I can't wait to see you after your Walk! I can't wait to see you on fire!\""
"Owning a good motor, Terrell pursues well in the run game, doing a fine job of taking proper angles to the perimeter when attempting"
"One phrase that seemed popular in college that I never hear any more is the \"hot beef injection\". Google only had 23,900 hits for it. I wrote the \"HBI Song\" with a buddy in college...typical E5 chords no-skill riff rock."
"Now there is not the slightest suggestion in any Scripture that Judas was a saved man. In fact, the very contrary is taught. In John 6:64-65 we read, “But there are some of you that believe not. For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were that believed not, and who should betray him. And he said, Therefore said I unto you, that no man can come unto me, except it were given unto him of my Father.”"
"Zen Brush App"
"Five reasons are enough. Hell, the first one is enough. The long knives are coming out because Repub bigshots have had enough. They want Romney, and – like the coach who sends his unscathed quarterback unscathed into the fourth quarter after the rest of the team has slogged – they want him in tiptop shape. They cannot afford to let Gingrich toss mudballs and flick-knives at him."
"And I like the profoundly Popperian question: ‘what data would it take to change your mind?’"
"Now that the weather is warming up around here, I don't want to spend every evening cooking a large meal and heating up the kitchen. Here is a recipe for an easy soup that takes less than 10 minutes to make. My husband loves it."
"no direction.."
"The story ends with Mr. Shiftlet praying to the Lord to wipe all the scum from the earth. Meanwhile a turnip shaped cloud descends from above and passes over the setting sun. As it begins to rain, the drifter resumes his travels toward the town of Mobile."
"Ah! but those tears are pearl which thy love sheds,"
"It's aimed mainly at the aforementioned YouTube audience, but I'd welcome questions from blog readers as well! My YouTube channel: Catzie690"
"I held the cube in both of my hands, examining its lacquered surface. I traced my gloved fingers over the markings, the gauntlet responding with a pleasant tingling of bells."
"This set was a Flea Market find......."
"This year OTM was heading to Haiti for a service mission in which they bought and installed lights, worked at Haiti’s tent cities and various other projects."
"Adult Weekend Full-£115 Discount-£105"
"PoliticalNews.me (press release)"
"V: Vegetables you dislike: hmmm, squash"
"and is so ravenous, I have to"
"6. Rent a table for your business: Table rental costs $25 for 6 hours (contact Mr. Oshaben at 440-204-1773 or Marianne Prete at 440-396-7149 by Thursday, April 12th)."
"Pinnacle 11"
"Just having fun at home with little things around my house. Or Anton's house is more like it. Listening to Ace of Base and watching Harry Potter. Planning trip to France and am so very excited."
"“Did you –?”"
"Arnie’s troubles remind me of the advice I gave Smacker Ramrod before he popped the question to his current lady wife. My devoted circus buddy had asked me whether he ought to inform his intended of his past dalliances and debaucheries, of which there had been many."
"The McG-directed orgy that is This Means War is where things like The Bechdel Test go to die. No, I can do better than that – This Means War has actually crawled up the backside of the Bechdel Test and died there, creating a fermenting kind of stench that radiates out from the innards of this often-useful gender equality assessor. This movie fails so spectacularly, it makes the test look bad."
"January 6, 2012"
"So, I listened."
"Mars Magic by Wold Top Brewery (261.7 miles away), is a 4.6% dark bitter. Dark amber in colour with a smallish creamy off-white head. Heavy dark roasted aromas with hints of coffee, and very earthy. There are lots of hefty roasted malts in the flavours, with an almost smokiness and an abundance of dark fruits possibly raisins, and figs. Much heaver than the previous two beers, with much richer flavours – definitely recommended."
"In other words, they explain the fact that not all bacteria photosynthesis by the ones that don’t do so being able to leech off the ‘leaky’ process taking place in other organisms. But they don’t all ditch the process, as after a threshold is passed it is no longer beneficial to not be carrying out photosynthesis, relative to the advantages gained. Or, as they say:"
"That riot of broken bamboo stalks actually came from the house that can be seen just past the palm tree, but was dragged across the street by members of that household in part as a service to people driving down the gray brick road or walking down its sidewalk. Sure, that pile is too big to be on the narrow sidewalk in front of that house - but I saw it and wondered:"
"Its probably because I feel like I deserve this. I ate high calories food this past weekend, I haven’t had a really good workout in a while. I’ve been adding flavor with sugar to my coffee (although I do count that in my food log), I’m not drinking as much water as I should be drinking. With habits like that, there’s no wonder I’m up a little this week. I’m the only one to blame."
"So when I saw the photoshopped Paddick poster circulated on Facebook earlier in struck me as particularly unfair. I’ve been critical of Paddick and his campaign before, so these are not the musings of a hopelessly-biased party apparatchik. Some might write the doctored poster off as a bit of fun; I admit to enjoying some of the altered David Cameron posters at the last general election. But I sense an air of political dirty tricks about this one. A deliberate distortion of the truth by a political opponent with an axe to grind against Paddick."
"For the 17th in this regular series of quickfire author interviews, I fired the 9mm questions at LA-based thriller writer, screenwriter, graphic novelist (Wolverine, Punisher, and other Marvel titles) and Shakespearean scholar Gregg Hurwitz (after being a student-athlete at Harvard, he went to Oxford to do a Masters in Shakespearean tragedy). Still only in his mid 30s, yes, he's one of those people who's managed to fit so much in already, they make you wonder what the bloody hell you've been doing with your life, haha."
"Bake for 30-40 minutes. The center should be solid and the crust and top should have a light golden brown color to them. Once it’s done, let it sit out to cool or a few minutes before you dig in and enjoy. Quiche tastes great at any temperature so this is a wonderful dish to make ahead for a party or for a nice brunch the following morning."
"So I wrote my post about a Garden... and started it overnight, like I do many of these posts. I scheduled it to post the next day, June 1, 2010."
"It was touch and go as I joined the last row."
"I’m an atheist."
"Dontcha know that I’ll never fall in love again."
"Then my \"You need gas...like NOW!\" light came on, so I had to stop and take care of that. I was so flustered that I put my gas purchase ($48!) on the wrong credit card."
"And days and days went by with no word on if any neighborhoods had been spared… all you saw was water, and all I could think about was how it was all gone, and I couldn’t even talk to my mom to see how they were doing. I was a wreck – not a crying wreck, but an out of it, constant TV watching, no one could get me to talk about anything wreck. Eventually, my mom was finally able to get through to me and slowly, I started hearing from other friends and family and while I definitely know people who were stuck in the storm and went through some terrifying experiences, I am one of the most blessed people to be able to say I don’t know anyone who died in the storm."
"The Fling – Wanderingfoot (Dangerbird)"
"I’d love to think Lorene saw this as a rather back-handed song about empowerment – she did, after all, also pen a song called Don't Put Your Hands on Me, which was a call to arms for any woman who had been hit on by a drunk in a bar. But if that’s the case why call it Hide My Sin and end with the line ‘God be kind to me on Judgement Day? Why the shame? It just doesn’t add up."
"Nevermind all that nonsense. I'm in the business of posting what I wear daily, and since today is overcast, cloudy, and cool, after a wonderfully summery weekend, I decided to break out some pants for the occasion."
"Cox is wonderful as a man who knows his place in the world and likes to opine on how others should live in it. Lowe is good too, but she has much less to work with, and there’s the crux of the problem. Betty is an incoherent character, a cheap assemblage of all the things men hate women for supposedly being: snobbish, slutty, unfaithful, bitchy, ambitious."
"The journey towards the meeting began."
"In London there was little Nell"
"Ed Crane (Billy Bob Thornton) goes about the business of cutting hair with a stoic resignation. He’s stuck in a rut and has no clue how to get out. When Crane discovers that his bookkeeper wife, Doris (Frances McDormand) is having an affair with Big Dave (James Gandolfini), her boss at Nirdlinger’s department store, the gears of change start turning."
"His stand on Civil Liberties - No one is speaking up for the Constitution and American people like Paul. For years in Congress, he has spoken out against many of the policies implemented that have little by little, piece by piece, dismantled or interfered with our Constitutional rights and freedoms. This has largely gone unnoticed by most Americans, because they simply are not paying attention, and have not experienced a direct consequence up close and personal because of these policies. Once someone understands the ramifications of NDAA, the TSA, Patriot Act, and the doors that are opening up for future actions because of the groundwork that has been laid, where this can lead and how it can change our country, it is hard to ignore. Most Americans refuse to entertain the thought that this could ever happen here. They want to believe that the America we grew up with will always be there. Our rights will always be there. And that we are safe . Like the old saying goes - You may not realize what you have until it’s gone."
"Make the second layer slighter smaller...lift without detaching and repeat with a smaller circle of frosting to complete the third tier."
"If you don't know what it means to RAF (1) you have to check out her post to find out, and (2) you might be one of the young people I mention below, in which case, I hope my little thesis here is proven wrong."
"I apologise, it has been a while since the last Developer Blog Banter. I was too busy getting my applications ready for the launch of Windows Phone 7."
"They start to slide rather rapidly after BB7 (not helped by the Jade Goody row that happened) and they’re the worst ever on C5. I understand that C5 are over the moon as they’re getting extremely high ratings in terms of their channel and the rest of their ratings but… just look. A show which consistently got around 4 million viewers is now struggling to reach 2 million. It’s not the end of the world but it’s definitely the end of ‘proper’ BB. And that brings me to this last quote…"
"Fazal Rizvi, Professor in Global Studies in Education at the University of Melbourne, says that even though south Asian parents are becoming more “eclectic in the choice of careers they recommend to their kids,” there are still many that push their children to choose a ‘prestigious’ occupation like medicine, engineering or law."
"Which leads to my major truth: People who never tried drugs are, well, weird. It's a natural human inclination to want to try things that seem fun, and I've never met a human being who didn't want to seek oblivion in one form or another. People who don't have that need aren't stupid or evil, they're just kind of odd."
"And this is kind of important when it comes to reporting ‘cyber crime’ and ‘cyber terrorism’. One cannot underestimate the ego on these guys; it’s what fuels their hacker battles, it’s what makes them advertise their activities to the world and, ultimately, it’s what gets them caught (which is why Anonymous used to have a habit of outing anyone who tried to rise to prominence or said they spoke for the collective). And caught they have been."
"Chris, this one's for you, bro."
"Man, by nature is at enmity with God and therefore puts his will, knowledge and desire against that of God. That is, until he senses a need for things other than what this world offers. On that road to Damascus, Paul saw that his life was on a collision course with God. As soon as he knew that Jesus Christ was Lord, Creator, Redeemer, and Judge he sought the mercy of God and forgiveness."
"the park emptied punctually"
"So I went to the Dentist last night and somehow what was suppose to be a simple cavity filling turned into a root canal...so after a whooping 400+ bill, nearly got teary in the office, I was looking for a relaxing night of crafting."
"QB 1: M.Ryan 39 points (320 yds, 4 pass TD, +5 300+ yds, 1 40+ yd TD)"
"It's no secret that California's regulatory and tax climate is driving business investment to other states. California's high cost of living also is driving people away. Since 2000 more than 1.6 million people have fled, and my own research as well as that of others points to high housing prices as the principal factor."
"10 against"
"Reality tells us that we may soon be coming to a point in which cash is no longer king. The economy has been drying up for years. Over one million Americans filed their initial unemployment claim over the last month. The dollars we bring home are buying less on every trip to the grocery store."
"CABIN IN THE WOODS is a technically sound and imaginative film, that unfortunately suffers from its conceits… of horror movie tropes and bland protagonists. I felt surprisingly empty after leaving the film, not excited, not disappointed, just… uninvolved. So the film while not immediately forgettable in its script, is also not especially memorable in its execution."
"you will have the chance to win a bonnet and dress that fits"
"See? So even if my week went crappers at least my skin was looking pretty fabulous for what I’ve got…haha"
"First, the adorable little “kid” Joey Lagano, trying to fill Tony Stewart’s shoes but not doing too bad, of course until he wrecked..that’s okay kid, wasn’t your fault..for a young’un he’s not a bad driver..not bad at all..so look out vets!"
"Tomorrow is a big game where Max may start against a good hitting team from a town that is always a power house. Isn’t it always that way? But now that I have seen how politically jammed up these town sports are, it doesn’t surprise me. You tend to get groups of guys entrenched for years and if they are good for the boys, then you have a long run of good outcomes and if they are not so good, then you tend have the families scattering and leaving the town team for club teams. In Max’s town, I think there are 10 or 11 families that have bolted in 3 years if you include up a level or out to club teams. Will the town examine this and ask the tough question of why this may be happening? What do YOU think? haha. –Fog"
"I chose fishing and grabbed myself this fab chap from Digi Stamp Boutique, that's a very big fish he's got isn't it???"
"But what could this possibly mean? If an Egyptian-born radical Muslim who incited violence against non-Muslims, advocated global jihad, and was implicated in a variety of terrorism-related activities could be British, then we are forced to one of two conclusions. The first is that the category of the British citizen had degenerated to the point where it was compatible with these activities, in which case it would be hard to see why it should be granted any significance. The other is that the state was simply wrong, and that, legal issues notwithstanding, Abu Hamza was not British. Either way, the currency of citizenship would have been debased, with a British passport ‘just not worth what it used to be.’"
"Click on the button below to check out the other wonderful I Heart Macro pictures!"
"In 1998, a U.S. federal grand jury indicted Robert Shull and his brother, Terry, for allegedly manipulating the share price of Fairmont Resources Inc., which traded on the Alberta Stock Exchange."
"Precarious Housing in Canada (2010) is a powerful, new research and policy report from the Wellesley Institute. Using the most comprehensive and current data, research and analysis, Precarious Housing sets out a pragmatic, five-point plan targeted to the millions of Canadians who are living in substandard, over-crowded and unaffordable homes – plus those who are living without any housing at all."
"Space, Place and Time"
"Now calmed for some reason (I don’t get it – he’s enraged because he needs to mate, but then a good fight works it all out of his system? Is “fight to the death with my best friend” 1960s code for “masturbation?”), Spock is all, “T’Pring, what the hell?” And T’Pring tells him, “I don’t want to marry a legend. I want a normal guy who’s here like Stonn. He was going to fight, but then you brought the humans and, screw those guys, right? This way, whatever happens, whoever dies, I still end up with Stonn. Well, unless you’re really pathetic and decide to keep me anyway, in which case I’m totally cheating on you behind your beck while you’re away playing dress up. Aren’t I clever?”"
"“I understand people are skeptical, but I got news for you,” insisted Julia-Levy. “This is not going to be a movie for UFO aficionados. We’re introducing evidence, facts and the truth."
"Today Jelly Shot Test Kitchen conquers another love-it-or-leave-it holiday fixture. Fixture is probably an appropriate word, as the inspiration for this jelly shot can (and often does) multitask as a doorstop!"
"Today’s target number 64. (It’s just fluid, I tell you.) Walked 717 steps. Breakfast was a piece of toast, a banana and two hardboiled eggs. Lunch was tuna salad (5 oz solid albacore, 1 tbsp mayo, 2 tbsp fresh squeezed lime juice, 1/2 tsp. sriracha) sliced tomato. Afternoon snack 4 oz trail mix (spiced pecans, cranberries and chocolate) dinner 4 oz NY strip, 2 tbsp green beans, half a small ear of corn, quarter cup lemon sorbet."
"I remember how I first saw this cover in someone's Waiting on Wednesday post and immediately fell in love with the cover at first sight. I love the water effect surrounding the girl and how her body seems to made out of water. The background also reflects the depth of the sea and how it's dark with tones of light sea colour. I like how simple but gorgeous the cover is!"
"(Lotus Pose) and felt tempted to force your legs into the position to join your serene-looking classmates for meditation? If you are thinking of traveling down this road, please reconsider. You may have discovered that rather than leading you to the blissful land of the Lotus, pushing yourself in this way dead-ends with a sickening \"pop\" in the knee, followed by years of pain and limited mobility."
"Packing a carry-on for a quick 4-day get-a-way to Barcelona...as in Spain! And, according to my Bible, \"1001 Gardens You Must See Before You Die\", there are over 40 gardens to tour and 7 of them right in the heart of Barcelona! How will I get to them all?!"
"To make up for all the doom and gloom in the last post, here are some pictures I took that afternoon while we took a stroll through the Englischer Garten, Munich’s humongous park. After we got back from Dachau, we needed something to lift our spirits and a walk through the park seemed to be just the ticket."
"Ugh, Neil LaBute, ugh. He’s often described as “edgy” or “controversial,” and as is often true with other artists described in those terms, that translates to “nasty” and “boring.” I didn’t intend to take on the American premiere of his latest, In a Forest, Dark and Deep, but I didn’t read my editor’s schedule closely enough and found myself reviewing it last Thursday. (I should add that I did my best to go in with an open mind and see this production for what it was, rather than what I expected it to be.) There’s no question that LaBute can write decent dialogue and quickly take an audience to new depths of discomfort, and that’s a talent. But to do so without once writing a convincing female character is hackish. And to claim that you want to explore issues of truth and intimacy in your play, but then making your play clearly take sides and pass moral judgments, is dishonest."
"The ear drum amplifies the vibrations which come to it, and sends them on to the middle ear region. Here, there are three bones in an extremely sensitive equilibrium with each other. These three bones are known as the hammer, the anvil and the stirrup; their function is to amplify the vibrations that reach them from the ear drum."
"I awoke to find that a man who I had always admired had passed away at 62 years (may 8th) Who was Lionel Edward Rose MBE ( 1948 -2011 ) He grew up in Victoria at Jackson’s Track and I grew up listening to the fights, he was a boxer like my uncle! He was the first Aboriginal to win a world title and he did this in 1968 beating Japans Fighting Harada in Tokyo! Mr. Rose was King of Moomba in 1973 and Australian of the year in 1968. I loved him, we all did. I am saddened by this news today!"
"\"Yeah.\""
"North Coast Brewing Co. Brother Thelonious"
"Doug Axe’s research likewise studies genes that it turns out show great evidence of design. Axe studied the sensitivities of protein function to mutations. In these “mutational sensitivity” tests, Dr. Axe mutated certain amino acids in various proteins, or studied the differences between similar proteins, to see how mutations or changes affected their ability to function properly. He found that protein function was highly sensitive to mutation, and that proteins are not very tolerant to changes in their amino acid sequences. In other words, when you mutate, tweak, or change these proteins slightly, they stopped working. In one of his papers, he thus concludes that “functional folds require highly extraordinary sequences,” and that functional protein folds “may be as low as 1 in 10^77.”"
"photo credits: pattern review, meadhawg, google images"
"So I've been busy - because 'operation cat' has finally come to fruition and in a weeks time we will be welcoming \"Mrs Peel\" in to our family. She's a rescue cat and we met her the other night. I'm so excited I think I'm becoming a little annoying."
"I was aged 39 then. Think about that, a near middle aged \"tweeny\" LOL"
"It’s also still available as an eBook for those of you who prefer that. But now there is an actual physical copy, something that I know that I love."
"I’m not believing this, please read and let me know if I’m over reacting or simply out of touch with the latest employment forms and procedures!"
"While used linen and bedding is changed and laundered between patients and is routinely cleaned, the study found a \"very high and unacceptable percentage\" of damaged pillows on three test wards."
"I give this a Three and a Half out of Five Survivors"
"It is peculiar that climate coverage since 2009, when the U.S. House of Representatives passed a climate bill, has plummeted on the big four television networks. Especially since a recent New York Times poll found that the public has linked extreme weather to global warming. Given that in March 2012, more than 15,000 warm temperature records were eclipsed, dating back to 1895 (that’s 1,400 months), why wouldn’t the public start to connect the dots?"
"For managers"
"Attendees are eligible for five hours of Continuing Education Credits applicable to re-registration as a professional engineer or registered architect. To register, please visit"
"12-04 Toronto, Ontario - Air Canada Centre"
"Russell apologized to the bouncer, saying they were about to leave. The bouncer escorted them out. The fresh air felt wonderful. Russell realized he had been sweating. He looked at Carlos. He was soaked in sweat as well. ‘What just happened?’ Russell wondered. ‘What the hell am I getting myself into?’ Carlos hadn’t spoken as they were escorted out, and stood with his head down, leaning against the wall of the Lusty Lady peep show next door. Russell couldn’t help but feel some compassion for this man. In spite of all of the horrible things he had heard, he could see that Carlos was in agony, over what he had been through, and over his daughter. Russell began to doubt what he thought he knew. He began to doubt all of it, every bit of it. Project Bluebird. He felt his nausea return. He would do as Carlos suggested and read ‘Sinister Forces’ again, searching for clues to this fucking nightmare."
"Ads are an amazing way to increase engagement, they can be incredibly targeted and useful."
"So how do I toughen up my little girl? How do I teach her to ignore those mean girls and understand that everything they say is only to make themselves feel better because they have their own problems with self-esteem? Bullies just really, really suck."
"“Holy sh-.” Tears clouded my vision."
"(your very basic summer house attire, leather shorts and shit and yes, every once in a while i actually do brush my hair)"
"November 22 Las Vegas, NV House of Blues"
"unless you wish to save a man from death.”"
"\"The ANC leaders are afraid of the unions - groups like Cosatu and the SACP - they think these groups deliver a huge constituency but they don't.\""
"The weight of my loss came crashing down on me. I cried for all the dreams that may never be. For all the times I fought for love and lost. Lagi na lang bang ganito? (Is it always this way?)"
"F: So many people, so many people have fallen by the wayside because of the so called Gurus. And this is a hard spiritual practice to start with…"
"If anyone is interested in learning more on the topic, please comment and let me know. I could go on and on and on... :)"
"An interesting article on these findings: Customer Service Roles: The New Frontier for the Over 60s? at http://customerservicepsychology.wordpress.com/2011/03/22/customer-service-roles-the-new-frontier-for-the-over-60s/ quotes Tracy Burrell, HR Manager at D&G’s Nottingham call centre who, having recognised this strength in their staff, has conducted a campaign to recruit more older people. She says “We find that our mature workers have much more empathy with our customers. They understand the issues that the person at the other end of the telephone is having.”"
"Fittingly, the Bible also ends with a wedding. In the book of Revelation the culmination of time and history is a wedding feast, this one is between Jesus and his people, which John likens to a bride. So biblically speaking, the zenith of creation is a marriage and the summation of all time and history is, again, a marriage."
"-Bake for 30-40 minutes, or until set and golden in color."
"Caroline Fryar, whose endless sock-knitting I ploughed through bemusedly, and whose enthusiasm for spinning I sympathised with, turned a hard left from academia. Destined for postgraduate research in all manner of classics and ancient Greek and linguistics, Caroline happened upon her plan B of ditching university to be a shepherdess. Having innocently found her blog while searching ‘knitting,’ and seeing that she described herself most prominently as ‘farm manager,’ my curiosity was piqued—how did she get here? The answer is simply this: She saw an ad. She applied for the job. She got it, and, brushing off the constant questioning of ‘aren’t you wasting your education? your brilliant mind?’ accepted it."
"Celebrate Youth"
"Local illiterate boy name drops and falls over the edge."
"where a violence"
"Brooklyn, NY 11201"
"And oh yeah, they have a pool…"
"“Who’s in the House” is a hip-hop track about the presence of the Lord. Through megaphone distortion, Carman rapped a few lines: “You take him high / you take him low / you take JC wherever you go,” then led into a call and response hook reminiscent of ’80s-era De La Soul. “Tell me who’s in the house? JC!”"
"definitely"
"Corner Puncher - Marvy Uchida"
"pinch sea salt"
"One letter that did arrive on Wednesday contained some stamps and a request for a particular back copy. On Thursday morning I received an email from the writer wondering what had happened to her magazine. At first I thought she was being a bit eager until I checked the postmark – it had been sent sixteen days earlier! It came from interstate (NSW) but I’m sure I could have walked that far in that time…"
"(That said, I did bump into a creative director who lost his job because I got the agency to pay for a national poster campaign that had a less-than-perfect line break in the legals, but he was fine about it. Well, he didn't say much, to be honest, apart from some stuff about his wife and an operation and losing the house and divorce and rehab, but from inside my BMW, he seemed fine. Sorry - when I say 'bumped into' I mean 'ran over'. Should have made that clear.)"
"I will be very up front and admit that I have very little tolerance for that variety of soft-minded new age pabulum where misguided wannabe-sages and errant advice-givers like Wayne Dyer and Paulo Coehlo are trying to convince people to give up guilt and anger."
"I also worked in a runaway home at that time and Jamie was placed there occasionally due to problems at home. One night I was working the midnight shift and had fallen asleep watching TV when a man entered the dark room and began attacking me, trying to put his hands inside my clothes while on top of me. When I began screaming the huge, drunk man ran. While I was calling 9-1-1, Jamie was the one who caught him trying to sneak back in a bathroom window and chased him away with a baseball bat."
"\"Can I?\" she asked, wide eyed with excitement."
"In 2005, David Buttle, a financial accountant, began to look at the development of ebooks long before many publishers and authors acknowledged their significance. He decided to set up UKUnpublished, with the idea of producing ebooks in an attempt to make them a more popular medium. With the advent of DRM (Digital Rights Management) by traditional publishers and a developing and complex medium, he shelved the project. He began to look again at self-publishing and the growing number of authors he was hearing of, frustrated with paying high service fees to so-called self-publishing services. He revisited his UKUnpublished project again. An article by Cole Morton in 2007 in The Independent finally made his mind up."
"(Other digital and print editions are forthcoming.)"
"TERA Open Beta"
"C – ‘Re-cycling Peak Car Cities’"
"Friday: Watch my little cousin graduate from my Alma Mater"
"In Rabelais, there is much revelry, excess, and corruption. He who feasts, defecates. The grotesque body, in such a society, is one that emits and one which is porous to the world around it. So here we have Bottom Dog and his companion, navigating the copiously developed, seemingly lush Floridian landscape. What they are really traversing may be the over-fished, deforested, gentrified mirage of a southern state where the wetlands dry up and the coasts erode."
"Just for a little fun at the end of what was an amazing experience, we decided to try a little bit of both beers together. It was pretty much what you'd expect. It still tastes just like an awesome beer, with the sweetness of the older bottle dominating, but with a tiny bit of young bitterness creeping in the background."
"The piece, priced at £500, is a high definition video displaying one of the artist's famous diamond-encrusted skulls."
"I decided to go with a timely theme: the 2012 presidential election. I downloaded \"Hail to the Chief\" and had it playing during the judging. (And yet I still didn't win! What the!?) Here are a couple pictures:"
"And won’t grow up before the morn."
"Glassware: Weizen glass"
"I'm on a mission to find a Royal Icing recipe that will work for me! I've tried several and it seems like it's either too thick or too thin and it's very frustrating! I follow so many cookie decorators on blogger that are so talented and seem to have it down to a tee! If any of you wonderful bloggers would like to share your recipe with me. Please leave a comment below! Thank you so much."
"The card had a little thicker card stock than your basic brands, and it was very glossy.."
"“I’ve had these A.P.C. shoes for two years and I’ve already had them refinished. I wear them all the time—with dresses, with jeans. They’re really comfortable.”"
"Dictator: No they are on Paprika! LOOK IT HERE!!!!! WHATS GOING ON HERE???!!! (because he says ‘whats going on here’ all the time this week)"
"I'm on the netbook right now but I can only use it from bed (long story). I am not going to stay in bed any longer than I have to (been there, done that, HATED it!) to blog."
"Olivia set her fork on her pancake-sticky plate and heaved a sigh worthy of her twelve-year-old self. “Never mind.” She bounced across the vinyl bench, her thick brown ponytail swinging. “I’m going to meet Maddy.”"
"I can only speculate, based on how well I know Traci, that she overslept, and woke up in a hurry to get to work. She was always so dedicated, every place that she worked, and never wanted to let her co-workers or supervisors down. She might have felt an “aura” indicating a possible seizure coming on, and if so might have tried to calm herself and get it under control, or she may have just risen quickly and flipped the “seizure switch” in her brain before having a chance to realize it was happening. Rising quickly, especially after a short but deep sleep, was never a good idea for her."
"Published in 1938, Winifred Watson wrote Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day and several other books about women transforming their lives while also addressing class differences and extramarital sex. Her novels were popular and well-received by critics but during WWII she phased out her writing career because of a commitment to her husband and newborn son. Hollywood soon came calling and Universal Studios optioned the rights to Miss Pettigrew with plans to adapt it into a musical with popular movie star Billie Burke as Miss Pettigrew. However, the war prompted Universal to focus on serious films instead."
"Satire in The Lorax is no less blunt than in The Hunger Games; both are saying, in their own way, that cooperating with evil isn’t just wrong, it’s ridiculous."
"Running shoes on, capris on, t shirt and I’m ready to go. Unfortunately it has been so long my Nike+ wristband had lost all it’s charge, so I had to take my phone and use the Nike+ App. We did our usual 2 mile circuit but as a run/walk combo. It took me a good mile to get into it, and by a mile and a bit I’d had enough!"
"\"It's one of those countries near Yugoslavia. I have the address at work,\" Martha said."
"We The Prayer Team, are with you now in thought and spirit. We send you energy and love from our souls to yours and we pray that you will all feel it and know how very loved you are."
"...So I appear to have lost two followers after yesterday's post. Was it the swearing? Was it the fact that I find all this anti-ground zero mosque thing ridiculous? Do I smell? Do you? Oh, well, your loss. 'Cause I am not going to change my potty mouthing socialist ways for ANYONE. Well, maybe the police, but NOT YOU, you hear me? (Um, that was more crazy than random, sorry.)"
"Eastbourne has also has had interests in timber, including Belian, and oil palm."
"6pm @ IU AuditoriumSilent art auction with approximately 200 pieces of local art for bid. The event also includes dinner and a live auction (travel & sports packages, local attractions, etc.) to follow.Tickets are $30 at Community Kitchen (Bloomingfoods closer to the event) or at the door. All proceeds benefit Community Kitchen’s hunger relief programs."
"* Avant-garde, neo-minimalist Japanese fashion from the last 30 years (1980-2010) by the likes of Issey Miyake, Yohji Yamamoto and Junya Watanabe in the Barbican show \"Future Beauty\""
"Let’s find some real information to do the talking and the data we have on oil’s causal effect on democracies and autocracies alike may be misleading (Haaber and Menaldo 2011). We need to make claims based on newer, bigger, badder, bolder and nacho cheesier data sets, which I’m sure is on the way(minus some of those adjectives). This information should be the first step in true transparency, in a world where one can feel comfortable about fourteen percent of its trade. Maybe with the correct information we can create policy that adjusts the approach institutions, democratic or not, take with oil. Could transparency in the international trade be the answer to removing the resource curse? I don’t see why it wouldn’t. Attempts at finding a way around the transparency issue are already starting to surface (Gelb and Mejerowicz 2011), but I would consider the suggestion in that paper to be nothing more than an unfeasible pipe dream. It still serves as a good example of people trying to find a solution to the problem."
"OK, we captured a great show last night - I take back damn near everything I said in my emotional funk. I do feel like we're not moving as fast as we could, but I am generally an impatient man when it comes to art and artistic growth. Rilke assures me that \"being an artist does not mean counting and numbering but ripening, like a tree,\" and he's absolutely right."
"foretelling the presence"
"The flat-footed beetle illustrated is 25 million years old. These insects, which have undergone no changes over 25 million years, expose the claims of evolution about natural history to be falsehoods. The fact revealed by the fossil record is that God created these beetles, like all other creatures."
"\"What are you doing, Ilena?\" I asked the little girl lumping chunks of clay in a mound around her. It reached up to her waist."
"So does this mean that even if us bloggers stick to the indie and unsigned artists, and post everything with full permission, that sometime in the future some bastard is coming to come crashing down on us because in the past we've had the temerity to write about and post songs from an artist that they have gone on to sign? Does that mean that nothing is safe? Surely one of the sources of information that major labels use to find out about new bands is blogs. That's just having your cake and eating it."
"The above dog has nothing to do with this post, other than the fact that I took it at work, and this story also takes place at work. Honestly, I’m just trying to lure you in to read my blog, because I’m sly like that."
"1 dug"
"My breasts are getting bigger and bigger. I have a few bras that were too big for me and had been put away. I got them out the other day and now one of them fits me perfectly and the other is too small!"
"May 8, 2012 3:17 PM – Add me back to your facebook."
"One of the most important things a deer hunter should learn is how to read the body language of your quarry. I feel it’s a very valuable asset to add to your repertoire."
"HSN has a Studio Barse bronze ring with either a turq, coral or tiger’s eye stone. No. 1, we don’t care if the prices of silver and gold have skyrocketed, we have the bronze and copper pieces that have replaced it, especially on HSN. Now we have bronze Studio Barse and Nicky Butler and Hilary Joy jewelry in those metals."
"Great News"
"MILITARY NECESSITY: Military necessity, along with distinction, and proportionality, are three important principles of international humanitarian law governing the legal use of force in an armed conflict."
"A few months later I told my boss I would like to have New Years Eve off. It was my girlfriends and my anniversary and she and I deserved an evening to celebrate. He said “No.” “But this is November….. Im giving you over a months notice.” “No”"
"So I've made my resolution: I will be who I really am not matter what other people think of me. You have a problem with my quirks, my wit and witticisms, my outbursts, whatever. My response may differ externally out of courtesy , but my internal response is \"Fuck You.\" Pure and simple. I need to put aside what people think of me and just live my life."
"You cannot predict the future."
"Ingredients – 1 pint of cream, 4 ozs of pistachio nuts, 2 ozs of castor sugar, 1 oz of leaf gelatine, a little sap-green liquid colouring."
"My son had his party at school today. I got to go for a little while, and it was so cute. The class made a book for him about why they thought he was important. Each kid drew a picture and wrote a sentence about how Tyler was important to them. He got to sit at the front of the class, and each kid came up to read their page to him. He was so excited to be the center of attention! Of course he wanted to bring in special treats for his party, so I made these cupcakes. He wanted them to have the \"toys\" that the store bought cupcakes had, but he was adamant that I make them (as if I didn't have enough to do). In walks store bought cake mix! I did make the frosting though."
"My son graduated from Duke in 2006 and majored in chemistry and economics. I got my monies worth. But I lament that my Alma mater employs, even promotes, such lunatic fringe. Our nation is experiencing unprecedented global competition. Society cannot afford to waste precious resources on self indulgent tripe masquerading as education."
"I use good paints in tubes in an artist tray for doing portrait work. It's nice for mixing your own color for sure, but it is expensive. Some tube paints are great (Windsor-Newton), and some are not so great (Reeves). You get what you pay for with paint. Especially in the tubes."
"I check and re-check the dialed number 4-5 times just to avoid spilling my well rehearsed conversation over a wrong number. Then comes the most difficult part of actually dialing the number. Being held in a queue adds fuel to my already panic struck state. Even if the computer says I’ll be waiting as long as 25 minutes, I refuse to answer people around me, even if it is a question like, whom are you talking to? just for the fear of losing concentration over my call. I refuse to disconnect and retry for having to go through the whole procedure of rehearsing and mustering courage one more time."
"Other than the fact she likes to wander out to the street and look for garbage and chase deer out of the county when she sees one, she's a pretty good dog. (We keep her on a leash.) She listens to Thunder the Wonder Cat when he reprimands her, which is a lot."
"Reiser became famous for running into walls, a practice that doesn't come highly recommended. In fact, Pistol Pete was so injury prone that he was carried off the field on a stretcher 11 separate times. Reiser's inability to stay out of trouble ON the field, cut short his career."
"In my head, I know this. I know that it is not from lack of effort on her part or lack of determination on mine."
"We love you, May. :)"
"Yep - that's how I fill my spare time these days! The lawn is big and the grass is long... *silly rain*"
"\"Being lost.\" she entreated."
"Wednesdays 8.30am-10.30am"
"THE GEORGIA GUIDESTONES"
"Abu Ghraib Arias is a chapbook of poems by Philip Metres. It is hand bound and printed in an edition of 200. The cover paper was made from old military uniforms by Chris Arendt through The Combat Paper Project."
"— Victor Hugo"
"So what about yinz guys***? Making any resolutions this year?"
"Productive, but long. I somehow managed to steal an \"office day\" on Monday, which means that the kids were NOT in the house and I could catch up on work for a day. I didn't really get everything done, but most. Then yesterday I amazingly got an extra two hours of alone time because it was an exam day with my college class ( which = early out) so I finished most everything left."
"Liz Shanks presents this 17-episode video podcast for parents and children. In each podcast, originally published in 2010, Liz reads a mix of classic and new picture books to children in the “Listen, Learn and Grow sessions.” Most episodes feature a single picture book, although at least one has two related stories. Parents will benefit from Liz’s brief talks on the importance and benefits of reading to children. Children will enjoy the beautiful picture books and the warmth of Liz’s story-telling style."
"Ward JB, JA Hokanson JA, Smith ER, Chang LW, Pereira MA, Whorton EB, MS; Legator. Sperm count, morphology and fluorescent body frequency in autopsy service workers exposed to formaldehyde. Mutation Research 1984; 130: 417-424."
"With writing, strangely, it's been completely the opposite. For whatever reason, all that open, dive-into-your-feeling mindset went out the window. I was one of those girls in the RomComs who's \"afraid to love.\" I built up a wall around my heart, REFUSING to let any book in. I told myself I was being \"realistic and business-like\" about it all. I wasn't getting swept away. I was strong, calm, and rational."
"So unless the American people are willing to fundamentally change the current system and get rid of the Federal Reserve, we will never be able to pay off the U.S. national debt because it is now impossible to pay it off."
"On appeal to the Supreme Court, the question presented was \"whether the legal standard for the state of mind element of a claim for actively inducing infringement under 35 U.S.C. § 271(b) is 'deliberate indifference of a known risk' that an infringement may occur, as the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit held, or 'purposeful, culpable expression and conduct' to encourage an infringement.\""
"But the taunting is as inescapable as it is relentless."
"Muslims claim Islam is the religion of peace, yet they kill at the drop of a hat. If someone, especially another Muslim, says or writes things in opposition to Islam, an order to assassinate that individual goes out to all Muslims. Christians tolerate those who choose to badmouth the Christian faith and pray for them. They don’t seek to murder them."
"The production itself is impeccable. The entire set, a kind of post-apocalyptic shipwreck, is ingeniously animated as if it's an extension of Thiérrée's body. It's a collection of junk - patched, billowing sails, an old gramophone player, a worn velvet curtain on a rail, a square of threadbare carpet - which takes on its own, unpredictable life. The clowning is punctuated by a precise and hilarious sound design."
"We come to a third room \"And this will be my room\" says Megan. I picture the room she's left behind this morning, the bed piled high with black plastic sacks full of clothes and rubbish. I try to imagine what this room will look like in a month or two, when she's settled in here and forgotten to be tidy."
"At least two people were killed after around 5,000 far-right football fans and nationalists gathered at a rally outside Red Square at the weekend, calling for the death of Russia's immigrant population."
"On Friday, September 16, Rush Limbaugh said that if the Democratic establishment want to get rid of Obama, they must appeal to his ego and convince him to go on his own. Rush has read Obama’s ego perfectly, and here is roughly how it could be handled."
"Berkley Prime Crime, Jun 5 2012, $7.99"
"* people wearing Depends- 2,479"
"None of that social crap"
"So I have to run upstairs and help count and then back downstairs to read the violation to this idiot before they take him to the Hive."
"Photography – BRAD OLIPHANT (bradoliphantphotography.com)"
"Oh yeah, and now in the aftermath, it’s obvious that I somehow manipulated him into 13 years of “alleged” happiness. I’m such a bitch."
"One day, Cody hands me the Magnadoodle."
"Which is more important, to accomplish a task successfully, or to realise it is inessential before you start?"
"Jennifer Rock, Best Buy, is responsible for internal communication and finds social media invaluable for managing communications in both directions for thousands of employees. Challenges have included concerns of HR, legal and executives. One creative answer was a spreadsheet anticipating all possible *&!@ kinds of words and developing alternative phrases to capture the meaning without the actual *&!@. She emphasized that she might have gone through a more strategic approach given what she has learned now, but that there is a great deal to be said to have learned by doing."
"3-4 Tbs chili powder"
"I still believe there are many opportunities for online skeptic projects that have not yet been built. In the past on this blog I have successfully exhorted skeptics to get involved online in one way or another. Most notably Susan Gerbic has created an entire blog and Wikipedia project based around the ideas I originally championed here. There are others too."
"Please note that this is an informal briefing, and participants will be available for extended questions and discussions with the media. Lunch will be provided."
"Crossing the lane onto a farm track, the view eastwards gives an indication of the diversity of land use here: hop poles, naked at this time of year, indicate that this traditional Kentish crop is still grown locally, along with winter wheat, more pinstriped fields of lavender, grazing beef cattle, and, on the higher ground across the valley, beyond the Shoreham Road and the railway, forestry plantations and woodland."
"La’s There she goes UK"
"As I said before, on the 1st of January, nearly everything was closed! However, the 2nd was the day the sales started in many shops. So what else to do, but shop?"
"Why don’t you seek rest in my arms"
"The Universe will sense your desires. As you take these baby steps and implement these small incremental changes in your life, your energy vibration changes, rises, and begins bringing you in line with your intention of finding peace. As your energy vibration changes, you change, your thoughts, opinions, desires and reactions to the world around you change. The Universe feels the change and changes what is sent to you. You will begin seeing spontaneous circumstances show up which bring you more comfort, calm and peace. This will set in motion a snow ball effect wherein the more peace you feel the more peaceful circumstances will come to you. Peace like all other intentions in life is a journey, not a destination. As we navigate through life in these mortal bodies we learn and gain the feelings, the energy vibrations which ultimately carry us to our Divine Destination."
"Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology on Wednesday announced a new nonprofit partnership, known as edX, to offer free online courses from both universities. Harvard’s involvement follows M.I.T.’s announcement in December that it was starting an open online learning project to be known as MITx. Its first course, Circuits and Electronics, began in March, enrolling about 120,000 students, some 10,000 of whom made it through the recent midterm exam. Those who complete the course will get a certificate of mastery and a grade, but no official credit. Similarly, edX courses will offer a certificate but will carry no credit. (The New York Times)"
"Palm breweries and Rodenbach's Ghequire collaborated with chef"
"I've yet to sit down and add reviews for various hotels, attractions and restaurants to Tripadvisor.com, but when I do so, there is a small restaurant in Florence that will be getting an excellent report from me."
"Sx"
"As such, neither casually snapping tourists nor enthusiastic photographers need worry about being sued for copyright infringement if they happen to take a photograph of a bus in front of Parliament. HHJ Birss found here that the claimants had a photograph with identifiable specific original features; as he explains at paragraphs 51 to 54 there are particular elements of composition and visual processing that he found to be original in that image. On that basis, given that it was clear from the facts that the defendant had set out to recreate the claimant's image there was a clear causal link between the two and the original elements of the first image had been reproduced in the second. The defendant's image thus infringed copyright in the claimant's."
"Paper: PTI vintage cream, scarlet jewel, crumb cake, Lily Bee Designs DP"
"I recently rewatched an episode of ESPN’s “Outside the Lines” from 2009 featuring an interview with former Chicago Bears quarterback and ’85 Super Bowl Champion Jim McMahon. In the interview, McMahon explained that effects of concussions sustained in his playing career were now affecting his everyday life, including walking into a room in his house and not remembering why. Playing through pain is a source of pride for football players, but McMahon now says that the players were not informed of the potential consequences of repeated head injuries. Other high-profile players have admirably come forward and admitted similar things, including Tony Dorsett and Terry Bradshaw. It’s scary to contemplate what it would be like to be lost in your own brain, caught in a violent maelstrom of confusion and uncertainty. Maybe the mind becomes a disjointed collage of past memories that don’t fit together as they should. Maybe it would be like waking up from a dream that you desperately want to remember but can’t. Maybe it’s much worse."
"I did set a deadline for myself with PIERCING THROUGH THE DARKNESS. I was pushing myself into getting the novella done for the few people who actually wanted to read it before anyone else really knew I had written it. The process was pretty simple. I took my short story and translated it into an outline for a longer story. The novella is divided into six chapters. Each section except the last is divided into three sections, each in a different person’s perspective. I told myself to at least finish one section of each chapter if not more each day. Then as soon as the novella was actually written, I took a few days to edit it. I edited it at least four times and had a fellow writer friend look at it with fresh eyes for me, so I could meet my set deadline. I was a few days late, but I managed to get it done and published."
"Brown the meat, drain any grease. Add the remaining ingredients and heat through. Serve over egg noodles. Delish!"
"If a new business can make through the first two years and have a substantial increase in earnings from the prior year; this is one way to know if the company or schedule C person is on the road to a profitable new year. If there are declining earnings; this indicates that the company may not be doing as well as expected and presents a risk of lending money to this applicant."
"PLACING OUR TRUST IN THE \"ROCK OF ISRAEL\", WE AFFIX OUR SIGNATURES TO THIS PROCLAMATION AT THIS SESSION OF THE PROVISIONAL COUNCIL OF STATE, ON THE SOIL OF THE HOMELAND, IN THE CITY OF TEL-AVIV, ON THIS SABBATH EVE, THE 5TH DAY OF IYAR, 5708 (14TH MAY,1948)."
"For today's sock of the day, we decided to spice things up a little and go with stockings."
"It's been one mad week I can tell ya, and I've not sat down much before 10:30pm each evening so I need some chill time and I need one big clear out in my craft room, it looks like two bombs have dropped, lol, so guess what I'll be doing at the weekend......"
"Merit’s observations when comparing herself to the other newbies was right on. She’s already special, already she knows a little too much. Thus a position high up makes sense. I was wondering how Merit was going to deal with the skill set of a Sentinel (awful left-field for an English major) but I thought it was a good play on Ethan’s part. How well she’ll do remains to be seen."
"Advantage, multinationals?"
"The Secrets To Success"
"Her first victim Dieter Schulz, 43, met her in a bar in the centre of his home city."
"Such a quick and easy project (definitely rates high on the messy-hands-kind-of-project scale, but who the heck cares...glitter and glue clean up real quick)."
"Both ads released this week."
"yes, I just said that."
"8. I made my jewelry hanger out of a cutting board and some finishing nails"
"It's hard to think of Christmas when the weather is warm, we in Northern California are experiencing a very warm early winter. The rain we normally see this time of the year is traveling up an over us. Christmas day is supposed to be sunny and warm. I was humming \"It's Beginning To Look A Lot Like Christmas\" as I put up my tiny village....At least inside my home it's Christmas!"
"As long as you have Mac with 64-bit processor, you can now install OS X Lion while keeping Mac OS X Leopard and Snow Leopard in the virtual machine."
"Card Stock: Bazzill"
"I get up the next morning and peer out my door. I’ve decided that I’m going to peek and shout to announce my presence before going through any doors or around corners. It’ll be a pain, but it’s better than having to see that again. I’m convinced I’ll be scarred for life, like that kid at school that caught his parents doing it on his four-wheeler. Now he won’t ride it anymore and he wears dark sunglasses all the time. I’ll probably have to move in with my grandma if it gets too awkward. That thought cheers me up a bit though because she has better snacks at her house."
"Auntie Joan came in with a tray. It wasn’t like the painted metal one they had at home with the scratched old roses on it; this was a long wooden tray, with high raised sides, and holes cut in each end for handles. On it were three tall glasses of milk. Carol didn’t like milk, she’d never drink it, not even when Mum heated it up in the milk pan and put sugar in it. Susan wondered if she should say something, explain how Mum had written a letter to school, excusing Carol from the morning milk. She watched Carol wriggling in her seat, she noticed how even Rachel had stopped rolling her socks, waiting to see what would happen."
"More urgently, 69 student essays and 17 preliminary research packets await comments for classes this week, with mid-period grades due tomorrow."
"Our visitors will arrive and this is their room."
"Why is the 4% number being used in articles and blog posts on bullying? Because it's convenient for those who want to downplay the bullying problem. The trouble is, it is irresponsible and misleading. When almost one-third of children are being bullied in school, there IS a crisis."
"Am I looking at salvation"
"It helps that Rob is really on fire throughout the 39 minutes of the album, relying heavily on the screamed lines that he'd reined in for a few of the recent albums. I don't know about you, but while I appreciate the guy's adventurous nature and willingness to experiment and broaden his range to include its depths, I like it best when he's screeching over the iron-clad mesh of the guitars like acid raining from the sky, and we get plenty of that here. The guitar tone is boxy and effective, the leads spurious but entertaining, certainly some of the most acrobatic they'd yet delivered but still mindful of a good dual melody (as in the title track). The bass once again doesn't do much but follow the guitar, yet you can hear a few of his fills, and this was also the most muscular execution yet from Dave Holland, the powerful pounding undercurrent that the band would further exemplify as they blasted into the late 80s with Ram It Down, and of course the inevitable Painkiller."
"I found my bus after a brief period of uncertainty and fear, boarding in my drenched attire and thus escaping the hysteria. Other dripping students joined me in this unlikely sanctuary and just about everyone managed to find our bus. When we got home, it was sunny. Hurricane Charley is expected to hit the coastal cities tomorrow, with Central City being affected only by its outer edges. I’ll pray"
"To view all the signs up for auction, visit:"
"But I lacked sufficient energy."
"Six Feet Under"
"Following yesterday's votes, the RMT have confirmed they will be holding a 72 hour Tube strike from 4pm April 24th 2012 in a row over pensions. RMT has been demanding that all Tube Lines staff, be allowed to join the TfL Pension Scheme and receive the same travel concessions as those who work for LUL, including former Metronet staff. This will affect the Jubilee, Northern and Piccadilly London Underground Lines."
"Can't we all just get a schlong?"
"And as a fun aside, my absolutely amazing hubby is a songwriter, and is participating again this year in February Album Writing Month (aka FAWM), wherein music artists race to complete 14 songs in 28 days (and this leap year they are going for 14 1/2!)"
"King: How dare you! You shall be mine no matter what!"
"Feels a more summer-like warm ravishment"
"I remember eating my lunch in the bathroom for the first two weeks until my mother threatened to call the Principal...if I didn't go into the cafeteria...."
"Wine- preferably after dessert, in the tub with a book!"
"What is fulling? Most people, even long time knitters, probably have no idea what fulling is. But it has been around for centuries."
"Well, in this interview, Casbolt/Prince does say he has a lot clones running around in time, one even masquerading as Dr. Joseph Mengele in Nazi Germany…"
"Not only do I now feel naive, I once again seem to have let myself down in the sophisticated stakes."
"Thankful for feeling and seeing all his movements. We are pretty sure we have seen his little feet pushing out, and I most definitely have felt his head and bottom sticking out. :) He gets the hiccups at least twice a day, and seems to be somewhat on a sleep schedule, waking up around 10:00pm each night. We love him a lot, and are looking forward to meeting him."
"Click over to Astley Clarke and revel in their stunning jewelry collections. Some are pricey; others are not. It's not possible not to find something you will like. (I know, I had to read that sentence twice too.)"
"-“NO, anxious, YES and worried that we won’t get there on time and annoyed at you for asking me if I’m nervous for the tenth billionth time.” I replied while rolling my eyes. I’m pretty good at looking annoyed. He got the picture and fully exploited it on film."
"- Tiare, Hawaii, USA, 21/2/2012 11:00"
"And tomorrow they arrive. I am excited and I am ready. I am also really, really nervous. My room is organized and decorated. I have a butcher paper tree on the back wall and a bulletin board covered in yellow paper with a sunflower border. There are books on the bookshelves and an agenda written on the whiteboard. Three stacks of syllabi and Room 3 Scavenger Hunts sit lined up in a row."
"Constantine: So, only the Roman Catholic Church, taking only one example from the New Testament which was unknown to the Apostles and Christ, Incarnate, takes God’s rightful title away from Him and gives it to a man. That strikes me as a blasphemy."
"I still remember the thrill I felt when I heard his words. It was one of those ‘a-hah’ moments. Those words sang to my soul. Finally I had an answer to a question someone asked me years ago."
"In another letter to Snyder, written a month later, Washington continued on the topic:"
"Ruge's debut novel is a wide-ranging story of a German family, set against the backdrop of the now defunct German Democratic Republic (East Germany). Divided into twenty chapters following three distinct timelines, the book is told (in the third-person) by several members of the Umnitzer family: Wilhelm and Charlotte, heroes of the republic, communists since before the war; Charlotte's son Kurt, a former prisoner in Siberia who becomes a prominent GDR academic; Kurt's Russian wife Irina and her mother Nadjeshda; Kurt and Irina's grandson Markus..."
"All were relative successes in their own right and led by a foreign manager, the countries achieved unparalleled results in their recent history."
"Enter Aurélie, the bearer of Christmas cookies, freshly baked by her grandma. Like the most meticulous of surgeons (and especially after scarfing down six of them), I dissected the cookie. Oh, I forgot to mention: this is a sandwich cookie. In other words, perfection."
"Thank you for your kind words regarding Keith Laufenberg's talents as a writer. He does have the ability to weave very poignant stories that captivate, entertain, as well as educate."
"I. Confusion over justification"
"Individuals bicycle case, also seriously inner compartment that is from your had been on the flight close to you."
"This will be a great little Summer quilt to hang on the porch."
"The difference between the Live and Online Versions"
"Chippewa Falls, WI"
"J: Can we read scriptures every night?"
"So there’s my immediate recap of the first episode of Drag Race. Woo!"
"#RonPaul2012"
"Khirad: There I said it. I wanted you to finally see through the shining light of my soul and discover for yourself that your Khirad could never be deceitful. (Non disclosure of the truth and willfully concealing facts that could clear up a gross familial misunderstanding and provide an innocent child the love of a father, and the benefits of an upper income household is not deceitful as omissions are not treated the same way as willful commissions in the law.)"
"Written the xxith day of January 1559"
"- Get into financial trouble and YOU still have to flip the bill."
"So, story-telling proved to be Treyarch’s strength in Black Ops and I’m sure it’s going to be that in Black Ops 2. I’m really happy they have some gameplay set in 1980′s, Afghanistan of course, probably Nicaragua, where a lot of late cold war stuff went down. I love the 80′s. Hopefully there’s some sequence à la Black Op’s boat ride in the jungle, where some classic songs play…maybe A’ha’s “Take on Me” as you blast enemies in Afghanistan in a final stand off, true blaze of glory? (Just like Rambo and Trautmann in Rambo III when the entire Russian army was about to attack them!)"
"Before booking any events, ask yourself why you want to go anywhere. What are you promoting? What's out there? Why go there? If you can find authors with experience at those venues, talk to them. A little planning is the best insurance against wasting your time."
"9.Fake Problems-ADT"
"If I could live again, I would travel lighter."
"Mom - Yes, very disgusting."
"Vanberg & DeWulf decription: \"Castelain is the classic example of the rare Blonde Bière de Garde style, and is the biggest seller from the brewery. Castelain has a sweet palate and a great deal of finesse. It is sweet, slightly bitter, grassy and herbal— made with four types of hops. Castelain is conditioned a minimum of 6 to 10 weeks to develop aroma and flavor.\""
"and thank you for being"
"Also during this class I have moved so that I am now walking distance from school so I don’t have to waste time money and resources driving to school everyday. In the two weeks sense I have moved close to campus I think that I have saved at least $80 in gas and this doesn’t count my time spent communing."
"Nominations flood in from LeAine’s client base as well as through the website: http://www.skinsationsspa.com/. After reading touching, personal stories, LeAine selects 6-8 winning moms to visit Skinsations, get treatments, and some lucky moms even leave with products by LeAine Dehmer Clinical Skincare for continued at-home skin care regimes. The total value for the winning moms is approximately $5,000 in spa services."
"545**D-XII/8/1963. “Utopia or Tyranny: The Universal Declaration of Human Rights.” Chicago Ethical Society, Chicago, Illinois. (Included in Item C-1964(1), above, pp. 790-802. Incorporated in Item C-1985(6), above, pp. 55-64.)"
"We had arrived."
"I enjoyed the middle section, dealing with Rose’s relationship with her brother Joseph and his friend George, but I didn’t really understand George’s motivation for maintaining his relationship with this weird family (loopy mother, distant father, odd son and clingy/bonkers daughter). To start with he seems to take Joseph and then Rose on as science projects, but then he largely abandons Joseph to go off to University and seems almost to be toying with Rose’s affections, responding to her whenever she calls but never reacting to her clear adoration of him."
"Two grave and persistent dangers: forgetting and assuming."
"British Intelligence’s MI-6 (Military Intelligence) and"
"1/3 cup hot milk"
"Then I looked through my photographs to see what indulgences I could find there and it’s not always what you have in mind that jumps out at you from the screen. So, here are my photos for this week:"
"Nick rolled his eyes. “You just need to … harness the power.”"
"and yes, I made a sound."
"Brewers Gold 8.0%, 60 min 1.0 oz."
"Nick Hoffman mysteries by Lev Raphael – This time I would actually suggest that you start with the second book in the series, The Edith Wharton Murders. Nick Hoffman is a professor in Michigan."
"Tomorrow is a great opportunity to practice some budget philanthropy by taking a guest to a museum. Not only do museums rock (and are sometimes expensive!) but by going you can learn one new thing about history and culture that might expand your horizons. Knowledge gives us the opportunity and desire to show more compassion and tolerance for our fellow roomies on this planet we call our home."
"4. How long have you been writing for?"
"This summer, we, the wife and I, met face to face with MoR and Flavia in Montreal then in Rome. Yesterday, in Montreal, we spent the day with Cheri and Judge Blah, nothing blah about the judge, a lively fellow and a pleasure to talk with."
"“You got time?” she asked?"
"LA * Austin * Nashville"
"Today, he told me the story of Lacey, his dog. He had rushed to the vet one day with his old Bulldog, because the dog had overheated. The dog didn’t survive the night. But the next day, the vet called him and told him about an older lady in the neighborhood who’d had a heart attack, and she’d died, leaving this white/yellow mixed breed. The vet offered her to Mr. Sherrill. She was named Lacey, and she went home with him that afternoon."
"While looking for something else I never did find (isn't it always the way?) I came across a number of little heads I'd sewn years ago for a doll making project. I did make a couple of dozen little ladies as gifts for friends but never used all the heads. Not feeling like drawing I decided instead to see if I could use the faces as part of the design for small hand-made boxes. Using the front and back of a cereal box, some extra pieces of scarf silk I'd dyed, as well as some glue, this is what I've come up with in the past couple of days of sometimes cold, sometimes snowy, sometimes rainy but always winter weather. It's an octagon 2.5 inches across, 2 inches tall and silky inside and out."
"I spent the majority of my Augusts, in my youth, at my Uncle Bill's house at the shore in Wild Wood Crest NJ. Uncle Bill, actually my dad's uncle (which made him my great uncle and is who I named after) owned an old 5 bedroom, 1 bathroom house a few blocks from the beach. He lived there year round with his brother Bud and their dog Butch. The house was open all summer long to any of his 10 nieces and nephews as well as his 35 great nieces and nephews. From Memorial Day until Labor Day the other 3 bedrooms were occupied by various families vacationing. Most summers there was also 2 to 4 teen aged great nieces/nephews who had the opportunity to live and work down the shore for the summer with free room and board because of Uncle Bill's and Uncle Bud's generosity. During the month of August my family shared the space with Aunt Kathleen's family and on average there were about 20 to 22 people living in that house."
"I'm intrigued by the number of bands from the UK listed under \"Alt-Country\" (6). (Almost as much as Bluegrass from Sweden, but I digress)."
"It did not help that we ended up adding three new stray dogs to our family, which has been a whole different issue in itself. Maybe it is because of the new stress that this year seems to be worse then usual and my depression is really starting to take a toll on my life. Usually mid-January I am looking towards the spring and a happier time but this year I can not see anything more than tomorrow."
"The sun goes through a cycle lasting approximately 11 years. It starts at a solar minimum when there are very few sunspots and builds to a solar maximum when hundreds of sunspots are present on the surface of the sun and then returns back to a solar quiet minimum. This cycle is called a solar cycle. We are currently in a solar minimum leading up to Solar Cycle 24, so named because it is the 24th consecutive cycle that astronomers have observed and listed. The first cycle began in March 1755."
"Thank you, God, for Nate. And for perspective."
"US, European and African anti-drug and counter-terrorism officials fear that Islamist cooperation with groups like the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) could significantly fill the coffers of rebels operating across a crucial swathe of land that includes Algeria, Morocco, Mauretania, Mali, Chad and Niger, rich in uranium as well as oil and gas. Enhanced cash flow could enable the rebels to further undermine already weak, authoritarian regimes that face widespread discontent, restive nomadic populations, extreme poverty and an influx of Islamist thinking via satellite television and militant missionaries."
"My little buba is turning 2 in May, and I wanted to make her party invitations. She is having a Teddy Bears picnic party this year. I used one of her fav Bears (Big Bob), and her play house (which was a presnet from her Grandma) as inspiration."
"I also mentioned to her that within the last few weeks I’ve been noticing my heart racing / beating hard / palipatating while at rest / etc… So, she wanted me to call my PCP and see if they could fit me for a holter monitor or refer me to a cardiologist who could. Apparently it’s common to have a heart murmur develop when pregnant – due to the 50% increased blood flow, it makes what may have been the slightest murmur that otherwise wouldn’t have been detected show up."
"Tested the echo, a full bellied yell."
"It is amazing to find out that the concept of an engine was invented long time ago, but at a much smaller scale and a more efficient performance. Also, the concept of generating energy from proton gradient is very similar to generating energy from waterfalls. It looks like we humans don’t invent, we discover what was invented before us, designed and built in our bodies by a much greater and wiser Mind."
"Still blazing his own path, the indomitable Jon Hewitt (Redball, Acolytes) returns to the big screen with his latest feature X, a gritty erotic thriller set amidst Sydney’s seedy King’s Cross district, where two women plying the world’s oldest trade experience an ugly night that will change their lives forever. After screening at the Melbourne International Film Festival and the Melbourne and Sydney Underground fests, as well as gaining a theatrical, VOD and DVD release in North America via IFC Films, X finally makes its European debut with a Raindance screening on October 6."
"Mamamamamam (mom)"
"Kata dressed and told his wife that a family needed prayer. Then he scurried up the mountain path to the most feared home in the region."
"21 April 2009"
"There are people out there who, for one reason or another, enjoy flashing their money around, acting like they are bigger than they really are. These people, often do not have very high self-confidence, although they act as if they do. Often, these people will be seen at bars and clubs, buying drinks for many beautiful women, trying to see which ones will perhaps bother to speak with him, or perhaps even sleep with him. It is a sign of insecurity; trying to buy affection, approval and love, in exchange for money or gifts."
"“You know, this will be a lot easier if you tell me where we’re going,” he finishes his food and crumples up the paper."
"Hair is grey"
"on the fire-place trim ... wow does"
"As a result of this, Omega Securities did not have sufficient collateral to"
"Best Actress Greta Garbo, Camille"
"Courting prospective customers and retaining new ones is, not at all, a hit-or-miss effort – even the faceless conglomerate has to know what these people should say a few sure services or products to improve it, with a view to boost sales exponentially. A peek into the mind of the unusual Joe after he purchases and uses, say, a particular brand of laundry detergent, may make the distinction between that brand changing into a family name, or one that disappears after a number of months as a result of lackluster sales. Surveys may give the corporate a greater insight into what the market thinks, and what extra might be accomplished to enhance the brand’s title and fame."
"Oil price have already increased nine times this year by as much as P5 per liter for diesel and gasoline while the price of Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) has also increased by almost P200 per tank."
"StellaBaby--Hoodi's younger sister, who insists on crocheting granny squares, much to Hoodi's annoyance. StellaBaby flogs her crocheted afghans at the bar across the way from Hoodi's kiosk, selling them to teenagers who need coverups for under-the-boardwalk luv sessions."
"The decision from the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is only the latest in a legal battle that began with a written employment test for firefighters more than a decade ago, wound its way to the United States Supreme Court by last year and remains a matter of division and concern among the city’s firefighters."
"Further, maintaining the exclamation point from the original text: \"The modular nature of the Speleo System makes it possible to create any cave type and can be modified in minutes by simply unbolting and rotating a section! This means you can have hundreds of possible caving challenges and configurations for the price of one.\""
"The agents were trying to establish close personal and business relations with the local population prior to the president’s visit. It was not the agents’ fault that the prostitutes were the only segment of local population readily available at 2 a.m."
"Joey: Hey! Who was up from 2 o'clock this morning until 5 o'clock this morning trying to get her back to sleep?"
"“Timelines, blokey,” Casbokt reminded me, “and besides, those are clones who become President. I am not so sure this Soetoro is what he says he was anyway.”"
"As some of you know I spent almost 7 years, from 2002 to 2009, working as a full-time nanny in New York City. What started as a way to afford to live in the city while completing my bachelor’s degree turned into an invaluable education itself. A few recent articles in the NY Times have got me thinking about the lessons I learned from the children and families I cared for not too long ago. The first article was “Ritilan Gone Wrong” which addressed the concern that ADD drugs don’t work long term in children. Another article in last week’s Sunday Times Magazine was about puberty starting in girls as young as first grade. The latter article seems to completely skip over what seems to me to be one of the most obvious causes (and solutions!) to both issues raised in these two essays: food. The quality and quantity of the food we feed our children has, gasp, a profound effect on their health."
"though winter does not officially start for another couple weeks, it sure feels like it has already arrived here. and it looks like it too, as we have already had a couple of snowy days."
"Watch the a cappella version of \"Gravity\" below. (Aren't you glad someone was recording the performances for us?)"
"Topics were:"
"The 9/11 AUMF authorizes force only against persons and groups who have a connection to the September 11 terrorist attacks. The 9/11 AUMF says nothing about detention, let alone the indefinite detention of American citizens."
"Which is why when I saw Daniel Kaluuya the funny geeky kid from The Fades (looking far less geeky) at the Astroid Boys gig in YoYo on Thursday I had to say hello. Turns out he was just about to ask for my photo as I was a dead ringer for his friend, Johnny Harris. The man who played Neil in The Fades AND Mick, the rapist in This Is England 86. Ah the irony, but I’m assured he’s a lovely bloke in real life."
"The totally her mother's daughter part of Heather replies:"
"I support all liberties, and I consider freedom to be sacred. I have often said – and this has angered some Islamists – that freedom takes precedence over implementing Islamic law. I say that before we implement Islamic law, we must achieve freedom. We cannot implement Islamic law in a society devoid of liberties."
"I had errands"
"Heat a wok over high heat. Add the oil and heat until shimmering. Add the lemongrass, shallot, and chilies and stir-fry until fragrant. Add the chicken and caramel and stir-fry until the chicken is cooked through and the sauce is slightly thickened. Transfer to a bowl and top with the scallion. Serve with steamed white rice."
"(**P.S. - I apologize in advance for all the \"!\". For those readers that haven't followed me for very long, I'll warn you that I'm a cold-blooded creature that goes dormant in the winter and warm weather makes me very active.**)"
"GE Shipping Sells Its Single Hull VLCC 16"
"3-1/2 tablespoons, olive oil, divided, plus more"
"Crikey, I remember back in grade school when I thought my non-Catholic (but still Christian) friends couldn’t go to heaven with me and I cried and cried. That’s what the nuns taught us, and we all bought it hook, line and sinker. I think that is why some people think the Catholic church is like a cult. I am proud to be a Catholic, but don’t buy into 100% of their doctrine. Which they change. More than once. Confusing. Also they don’t aways practice what they preach. What?!?! you may say. Think about the cover up with priests/boys. Enough said. Moving on."
"Many people wait until they are in trouble before suddenly scrambling to build connections (we’ve all seen that pattern on LinkedIn, right?). But that’s the wrong time. The right time to build your professional network is 5 years ago, and the second best time is right now. You want to have an opportunity network of great quality people in place long before you need them."
"Wyrobek AJ. Male biomarkers of abnormal reproductive outcome. Health and Environment Digest 1990; 4: 1-4."
"The record of controversy concerning the detrimental effects of soft drinks and other products using “fake sugars” could consume an entire library, and I am not going to debate that. The real issue here is how one can balance the risk versus benefit approach to use of alternative sweeteners in reducing sugar intake, either for the purpose of weight loss or blood sugar control. Instead of coming outright and saying authoritatively that one is better than the other, I propose doing what any good teacher does (or should do) – give you knowledge. What you choose to do with this knowledge is your own responsibility. Hopefully your decision will be an educated one."
"I’m learning to breathe again, walk again, laugh again, feel again"
"black truffles (optional)"
"I also found these sweet fabrics in the new fabric shop that's opened in my nearest town."
"16 Money Changes Everything"
"It's also when our 'adventure times' begin. We usually use this term to describe any situation in which we are in the boonies and we will face some type of hardship or we are doing something with a smidgeon of danger. Just a smidgeon mind you. Like if a snow machine breaks down and we have to load it on a sled and drag it home. Or on the way home we encounter a heavy snow blizzard and whiteout conditions. But sometimes we try something new and these are also 'adventure times'. Personally I think it's our way of completely refusing to become a complete adult. As long as I don't get frostbite or end up in water (which has happened once or twice) then it's always said with a grin and high five."
"Katrinna Simbaku and Jamal Revolus have been dating for almost 6 months. They first met at the Andrews University Student Center during the fall semester of 2010 and were introduced by a mutual friend. They feel that attending Andrews University has kept them in an environment free from tensions that may normally surround interracial relatioships."
"That's all for now, I will try to sit down and write Part 3 to my time capsule posts tonight."
"I migrate toward it and its frog"
"Mr. Bailey, who grew up on Tumbledown Dick Road in Oxfordshire, and Mr. Hurst got the idea for the books when they read about a couple who bought a house on Butt Hole Road, in South Yorkshire."
"First of all I would just like to say that the end results do not 100% look like real butcher block. The only way you are going to get counters that look like real butcher block is to get the real thing or make a trip to Ikea. Has a really go tutorial on how she did hers using Ikea counter tops."
"decided ... what the h*** ... and bought one."
"Wei tossed back his brandy and poured another for himself not even bothering to offer to refill Watanabe’s glass. Like Watanabe, Wei knew a thing or two about his counterpart. He knew that Watanabe’s family had emigrated from Japan some time after the end of the war to end all wars."
"\"Hi, Gene! How are you? You having a nice day? Before you ask, my day could be a lot better.\""
"It 'has also been found useful in conditions such as fever, malaria, dysentery and other ailments."
"~ Size 3-6 months , 6 Month and a few 3 months clothes"
"Asleep from risk, asleep from pain."
"All in all, my big surprise was that even though I had watched the movie and knew what was going to happen, I couldn’t put the book down and liked the fact that it seemed that I was being told a war story over a cup of coffee with Catniss."
"But right now – The Father and Mother are estranged. The exalted Man sits up in the sky upon the throne. While the Woman is locked away in the tower. As such, they can never be friends."
"Using satire, humour and visual wit he appropriated and then subverted the mass media’s processes and forms in order to expose the reactionary obfuscations and lies of its messages."
"It was for reasons of vanity rather than out of gustatory concerns that I left this out: it was about the green bits in the teeth after. As long as you designate someone to be on teeth duty – signing to you when you need to go and defoliate – it’ll be finE.\""
"On a deeper level, I really loved how Kody's novel revealed a really important message to teens underneath witty, romantic, and fun filled pages. I think it's really important for teen girls (and guys) to understand that they're not alone when they feel like the \"duff\", because come on, haven't we all felt like that at some point? With great writing, a strong plot, and a happy ending, The Duff delivers something for everyone."
"Asking police officers to make these judgements about healthcare needs in dynamic, unfolding situations is not only unrealistic but potentially dangerous. When more is known about ED, we can look at this again; but until that time every police constable in the UK has the legal right – actually the duty – to ensure that prior to taking violent people to the police cells, that it is medically appropriate to do so to avoid catastrophe for patients and their families."
"Stay Safe: watch your back"
"For a Bible/English assignment this week, I had to read a set of Proverbs and then write two fables based on them."
"Topsy tracked 168 hashtag mentions, 120 on Quest day itself, which doesn’t make it a trending topic … but it’s probably about 160 more tweets than we’ve had about Quest in past years. The four videos may not have gone viral (I do hate that phrase) but garnered more than 550 plays and counting. I saw them widely shared around Facebook and Twitter as well. So while not everyone would consider these knockout social media statistics, they do represent a nice starting point for an event that hasn’t had much of a social profile previously. Moreoever, it shows it is indeed possible to build a social audience for an academic event, a nice finding in itself."
"5. Be The Best"
"And here's the 'proper' view........"
"*Refrigerating cheesecake, savory or sweet, prior to serving allows the cheesecake to get firm and the flavors to really blend together. You can make them up to 3 days ahead of time and just keep them refrigerated until ready to serve."
"In California, chicken-shit Governor Brown wanted to extend the sales tax and the car registration fees that were increased a few years ago. And who does that hurt the most? The lower-middle class, the working poor, the unemployed, and families living below or at the poverty level. And who does it not affect? The wealthy. At least Brown wanted to take the proposal to the voters, but the Republicans shut that down – fast. Brown didn’t even bring up the idea of raising taxes on those who could most afford it. We now have a budget that cuts social services and funding for education. Because lord knows, you can’t close the loopholes on corporate taxes here in California and you can’t raise taxes on the privileged few who control the vast majority of wealth and whose lives just keep on getting better and better while the lives of the majority of us keep on getting worse and worse."
"At Bucksport, Cassidy Adams spaced six hits while registering 15 strikeouts and a walk to carry the Golden Bucks to their fourth win without a loss."
"Throw some stripes into the mix and you've got my perfect love triangle."
"It's a worrying time."
"Constructing every building on our 40 acres, including furniture within, and out."
"I’ve got a piece of pineapple stuck in my teeth way up in the back of my mouth and I’ve tried everything to get it out!"
"That place where no one “wins”"
"Walk into the National Museum and head into the “Malaysia Now” Exhibit at Gallery D and you will see him among the nation’s literary greats. National laureate A Samad Said, a dimunitive man with a larger than life persona and much revered by Malaysian."
"Ending one year with a race, and beginning the next year with a race."
"I know you'll find another slave"
"If you’re beginning to sense a little bitterness, well… go with the feeling."
"Heat the Paniyaram utensil at low-medium heat, add a drop of butter or oil in each holes. Pour a spoon full of batter in to it, let it cook for 2 minutes."
"Transplanted from So Cal to San Francisco, The Other Half’s main claim to fame is Punk classic Mr. Pharmacist. Their lone album suffers from sludgy production and unnecessary cheesy canned audience applause on the opening track, but there’s some great stuff here, notably Flight Of The Dragon Lady, Morning Fire, and Wonderful Day— a Summer of Love stunner about, in Randy’s words, “this guy who's really happy, generally just happy about everything in life. And he's got some girl that is just pissed. So it's a conflict.” With the exception of What Can I Do For You (a BIG exception to some), nowhere is the LP reflective of the contemporaneous San Francisco sound. This is tough psychedelic street punk, similar in certain aspects to the first Amboy Dukes album, and Holden’s work is outstanding. Too bad the record was released in 1968, at least a year past it’s sell-by date."
"Some shots, breathing treatments, antibiotics and lots of fluids let me come home on Christmas Eve instead of spending it at the hospital."
"Holy crap."
"What is it called when a blonde woman blows in another blonde woman’s ear? A transfer of data…"
"Remove from heat. Stir in 1 cup cocoa."
"I stamped the leaf image from Spiral Bouquet (see Stamps I use) with Aqua Mist (Papertrey Ink) first and then kissed it by stamping with the inside of the Mini Sunflower set (PTI) with Rich Cocoa (Memento) before stamping over the Aqua Mist image. For the inside image I used the same ink but used one of the other images from the Spiral Bouquet set."
"When asked why he made Kolumbus wait so long, the King Prcrztnate said, \"Well, I...I just thought...What's the hurry?\""
"The guy from the Malaysian noodle bar"
"Perhaps he was interviewing to be my replacement."
"I digress; I have horrible sleeping habits, and I really love the way it looks outside when the moon is full, kinda like someone turned a light on......one that leaves shadows here and there, and sparkly snow in other places! So pretty! (Except for the cold!)"
"Alex Cavanaugh -- blogger extraordinaire, film connoisseur, science fiction author, and all-around nice guy -- has agreed to talk about his writing space. Alex has a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree and works in web design and graphics. He is experienced in technical editing and worked with an adult literacy program for several years. Alex lives in the Carolinas with his wife. His second science fiction novel, CassaFire, was released this March."
"Movado, Making the Most of Style and Design"
"He has come to me so close."
"DILLE JH. A worksite influenza immunization program. Impact on lost work days, health care utilization, and health care spending. AAOHN J 1999; 47: 301-309."
"So off I went. I spent three glorious weeks in Russia, stepping again into a completely different country and proving once more that the Ancient Greeks knew their philosophy."
"I’m grateful."
"But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well."
"Click on DISCOUNT COUPON which will take you to HOTFROG. Under ABC CRAFTS you will see tabs, click on COUPONS and then on WINTER MADNESS print out your discount coupon for nice saving on all out card stock.Yip that's right a nice saving means more cash in you pocket to buy much needed craft supplies this winter !!!!"
"Have you done this one? if so, please re-run...it's griping my nerves! Lose and Loose. I'm shocked about how folks cannot use these words correctly. L.P."
"The best thing about doing this with a class is the children’s joyous reaction when their unsuspecting teacher gets cast as the emperor,"
"Surprise, surprise. It wasn't fun at all."
"Me & Chris go very early on Sunday morning for 10 days to Italy."
"In the inter-war years EMKK brought modern art to the streets and tunnels of London and a smile to commuters' faces."
"Plus.... Fun! It will just be fun!"
"There was a bit of a queue at the tiny bar where three staff members were crammed in, one serving, one washing up and one preparing food on a small work bench and a single tiny grill."
"Pack tightly into a sterilized jar and cover. Store at room temperature. After 24 hours open to release gases and check fermentation. Let ferment up to 4 days and then refrigerate."
"And then I see it! A light!"
"Battery: Rechargeable polymer battery."
"A powerful instrument, the Zebra was described as having the capacity to store and index as many as 100 000 concurrent calls in a central repository with up to 400-million entries, all in real time."
"So this was the 2nd such comedy night (the last was in the summer) and we (Rebecca, Rachel (new Brit to Kettwig) & I) were happily ensconced with large (is there any other size?) glasses of wine in the corner of the bar waiting for the 8.30 kick off."
"“Although (Monday’s) events were unfortunate, we know that it was an isolated incident,” Clark said. “There is no residual danger.”"
"Tomorrow I will let you all know what we did this weekend. Have to have something for tomorrow to post. So see you then."
"Dry scallops are all wild and natural. They are not treated with any chemicals whatsoever. They are harvested directly from the ocean, shucked on deck, then immediately frozen on the boat to capture their quality. Dry scallops caramelize naturally during cooking to a golden brown color that is very attractive when serving. And, as you might have guessed, there is no cost-added water weight with dry scallops. Dry scallops generally have a natural vanilla color."
"Relieved of the exaustion that would have been packed into the week leading up to tour we let our worries melt and fully embraced the Christmas spirit. We had another potluck at the warehouse and exchaged gifts under the physcadelic pine tree. The greatest gift truely came from above. Joe weaseled us 5 days to record in a church a mile away from our place. Our friends Jess and Josh run a non-profit rock school out of one of the rooms and arranged for us to record in the chapel. It snowed the day after Christmas. The next morning we packed up half of the studio into our van and drove it over to the church. We shoveled out a parking space and loaded in. The studio was set up in an extra room on the second floor. Transporting the tape machine would have messed up it's calibration and broke our backs so we decided to go digital for this session. This was also the quicker and more convenient option. Day one was spent getting the most glorious drum sounds we have ever heard. Tank and his kit were set up in directly in the center of the room. Stained glass windows cast colored light across them. It was dead silent in the church except for the sound of Tank's drums echoing through every room. In another effort to save time and to ressurect a live feeling that could not be found on some of the first sessions's recordings we would track the bass right along with the drums and ditch the click track. For this we used my usual bass set-up; An Acoustic 450 head and a Peavey 2x15 cabinet. We stuck this in a side room to give it a little bit of isolation and also ran a direct line into the computer. It sounded like it always does and we were happy with that."
"My mind was racing...who can I send to the hospital for the night? Will karma bite my ass hard for this? Do I care? I mean, I'm trying to get out of this date without being so in his face about it so that his friends don't think that he's a big(ger) loser than them. That makes me nice, right? Yes...that's what we're going with. In the end, I decided that no one would be taking a fake trip to the hospital, but that I would be getting a very urgent call of help from one of my best friends. At the end of the first intermission, when the laughing Accountant excused himself to go to the restroom, I texted my friend and told her to call me in about 5 minutes because I needed a rescue. As perfect as timing could be, my phone rang just as he returned to our seats."
"“The only exceptional case in this case is that he is a friend of the Conservatives. Why is (Harper) not tough on crime when it comes to his Conservative cronies.”"
"There is a bewildering array of VPN protocols, from PPTP to IPSec to OpenVPN. A good VPN provider should offer you a choice, so that you can connect with a variety of devices based on which protocol each of them supports. In the case of my iPhone, I connect using PPTP, which is less secure but easy to use and available on the iPhone. For my Linux laptop, I use OpenVPN, which is both very secure and relatively easy to use but not always available on every platform. My personal provider is Ace VPN, but a quick Google search should allow you to shop around for a provider that suits you. One thing to look for before you subscribe is clear instructions on how to install and configure the necessary software."
"ii) or a green lung disappears"
"He lives! All glory to his name!"
"Jenro thought about his words. “Well, as of recent, I’ve been think about…umm…changing. You see…I’m…not that kind of person that I was before."
"All this Dave Ramsey stuff is wearing off on me. \"Debt is normal. Be weird.\" It's my new motto."
"I really like the fact that it asks the schools to develop the policies rather than it being a hand-down from central government, it hands the initiatives to schools."
"As we face hardship and trials in life, we no longer must rely on others to seek God’s Face for us but now can come boldly to the Throne of God with Jesus Christ as High Priest. He understands what we are facing and the weakness of our flesh. Grace covers our sin and now God’s Divine Favor and Blessing are released as mercy pours over our life. Two different things created one wonderful paradigm of life. Until we understand that Jesus Christ paid the sin debt of mankind in full and satisfied the penalty completely, we will continue to beg for mercy as a way out of our problems rather than receiving God’s Favor and Blessing while we face them. Mercy allows us to go through all the testing and challenging of life by the Grace of God without experiencing the same devastating consequences of those who choose to live without Him. Cancer came into our family just like it is ravaging our family again as well as our friends. Cancer is a horrible and devastating disease rendering people powerless in the fight. But God can even use cancer to release His Divine Favor and Blessing in your life. His Vision is Eternal and never temporal. As I said in the fight and now on the side of victory, God would heal our son. He would do it medically, miraculously or mercifully any of the three would be fine because His Faithful Love for my child was sufficient. God would do His Very Best for our child and will do the same for you if you will have His Mercy as He intended for you!"
"They all looked at me saying yes, yes, please come. But first, answer one question. The words weren’t even out of their mouth…"
"A professional home inspection is critical in uncovering hidden issues. Be sure to do your homework!"
"After the movers had left, I laughed about it with my old roommate and we reminisced on some of the worst lines we’ve ever heard from guys before. Incidentally, many of them have come in our apartment complex… but here are a few notables."
"During our lives we move from"
"I am the first, and I am the last; and beside me there is no God."
"When morning came, Randi rose very quick,"
"Then, after I hung up, Anne went into a violent fit of shrieking in which she said that she wanted to slit herself with razor blades. She also started crying about being bullied as a child and Angry Man told her to get over it."
"One of the cards to only have one example is Ty Cobb. In an auction that ended in April 2011, that one example, graded in poor condition with significant paper loss, sold for $17,614.38. There are rumors of another Ty Cobb card that is in a different pose, but that has been unconfirmed."
"Speaking of range, Marshevet Myers hasn’t long jumped since her collegiate days when she sprinted and jumped at Texas. Her 22’ 6” leap at the Tyson Invitational gave her the #2 mark on the season and moved her into #4 all time American indoors. Already a major threat to make the US team in the 100 meters, Myers is starting to look like a threat in the long jump as well as only Brittney Reese among current US long jumpers is in that class. It will be interesting to see if she continues jumping during the outdoor campaign."
"That's why in 2006, Bavaria issued Dutch fans with orange trousers with 'Bavaria' written on them. It was a cheeky bit of guerilla marketing, and Fifa decided they didn't like it. The Dutch fans were told they had to strip and watch the game trouserless, or go home. This astonishing infringement of human rights became headline news, giving Bavaria infinitely more free marketing than if paying fans had just been allowed to wear what they liked to watch their national team. When I googled 'Budweiser World Cup' later that year, the first page of hits were all newspaper articles and blogs criticising Fifa's bully boy tactics on behalf of Budweiser. The official Bud site was way down the page."
"‘Well, you remember the year before last when we had all those storms, and thunder and lightning, and water, and all the stuff we planted got washed away, and we didn’t have enough to eat, and it was awful, and Nugg and Pugg and Fugg died, and we had to bury ‘em in the back of the cave?’"
"Arletty Désiré"
"I’ve used this quote a million times – but it really applies to so much of my life:"
"March is also a month of birthdays. My mom's was on 5th, Beth's on the 11th, my mother-in-laws on the 12th, my dad's on the 15th, and Mike's was on 30th. It's an expensive month! My mom is easy to buy for - she likes anything that I wear. My dad and Mike are impossible to buy for. What do you buy the men that don't need anything and don't really want anything?"
"Destroy 25 turrets."
"Ravenscrag was inherited by Allan’s eldest son Sir Montagu Allan who in 1942 donated the home to the Royal Victoria Hospital after the death of their last remaining child. The lavish interior was completely gutted by the new owners, only the Victorian ground floor library supposedly remains somewhat intact to how it was originally. Despite the great work that is carried out at the Institute, I can’t help but imagine what a great museum, hotel or tourist attraction this building could have been."
"We'll start with two of the more prosaic pieces of brewery kit: the grist hopper and hot liquor tanks. Not very glamorous, but certainly essential."
"“And at midnight, Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God, and the prisoners heard them. And suddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the foundations of the prison were shaken.”"
", The adapter (the latest WNDA3100v2 model) works very well if you don’t use the Netgear Wireless Wizard software that comes with it.I have installed two of these in the last two days, one in a Dell XPS 410 desktop running XP SP3 and one in an ASUS…"
"Much of the talk at the moment surrounds the Malaysian Grand Prix at the weekend; especially as Lewis Hamilton showed McLaren is again the team to beat by setting the fastest time in both practice sessions Friday. We wish you the best of luck Lewis and Jenson, but we instead turn our attention to other F1 news…"
"my massage and wellness clients bring to me:"
"In chronological order:"
"Here is the recipe for something new I tried this year. It was yummy. ( I added a package of dry ranch mix to the Cream Cheese/Sour cream mixture, and didnt add the celery. IT was YUMMY! Appetizer Wreath"
"buttons, ribbon, and figures cut out from Big Shot, stamps or punches."
"My advice is, come in at whatever level is convenient for you now, I trust my God that as He begins to bless you, you’ll keep on moving higher and there will be people who will enter in group two or three today before this time next year, they will already be in group ten."
"Speaking to E! on the red carpet at the Oscars, she added, “We say we have to go to."
"07 Entanglement"
"Fairy places, fairy things, Fairy woods where the wild bee wings … ~ Robert Louis Stevenson, The Flowers"
"The moment I dread"
"Solr was better than MSSQL/iSys/Zend put together. Awesome."
"Paul said he had no intention of abandoning his run with the Republican Party but hadn’t ruled out campaigning under another branch."
"And here is where the neglect comes in to the point of abuse. Angels in Waiting was offering full spectrum care for all 14. Meaning the older 6 would have been evaluated and their special needs addressed, which now will not happen. That is child abuse. Period. There is reportedly a child with mild speech delay, who has only a short window, and she is willingly denying her child that."
"The story of the blind Chinese Lawyer who is caught between the idea of fleeing or the doom of staying in China to fight literally a \"Blind\" legal system has sunk in deeply with my conscious. For me I take this case as a personal attack on my family. See I have a Chinese child that is a bi product of gross human rights violations. How \"lucky\" was Isaac that Chen called attention to forced abortions, that could have been him. But still, Chen's work was not enough to preserve his family ties."
"Three years of not being sick. Three years of opportunity to practice gratitude."
"And that's what we did. 2x2 miles to be exact. With about a quarter mile recovery in the middle. Well, first I rode my bike to the track (a little over 3 miles) and we did our warm-ups and moving drills in the parking lot. Then we did a 1 \"lap\" warm-up before moving into the main workout."
"It is to die for. To. die. for."
"affinities between smell and sound as sensory zones for which"
"The British Columbia Lions have re-signed their 2011 MOP quarterback Travis Lulay. The deal is a two-year contract that has an option year if Lulay decides to pursue the NFL."
"It is simple physics really. For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. Oh Newton, how right you were!"
"In 1944, Powell was cast in the first of a series of films noir, as private detective Philip Marlowe in Murder, My Sweet, directed by Edward Dmytryk. The film was a big hit and Powell had successfully reinvented himself as a dramatic actor. He was the first actor to play Marlowe—by name—in motion pictures. (Hollywood had previously adapted some Marlowe novels, but with the lead character changed.) Later, Powell was the first actor to play Marlowe on radio, in 1944 and 1945, and on television, in a 1954 episode of “Climax!”"
"Best breakfast:"
"For more than a year, the group has objected to Centre 454’s return from 216 Murray St. to St. Alban’s church, its original home on King Edward Ave. and Daly Ave."
"Which brings me to the question I get asked every night:"
"I did not take down my Snow Buddies after Christmas, just removed the Christmas ones and replaced them with Valentine Snow Buddies ......."
"This is the first of what I hope will be many more podcast reviews showcasing some of the quality work being produced by amateur and professional alike. I thought about who I wanted to start with and We’re Alive jumped right out at me."
"Let no one bewail transgressions, for forgiveness hath dawned forth from the tomb. Let no one be fearful of Death, for the death of the Saviour hath set us free. He hath quenched Death by being subdued by Death. He Who came down into Hades, despoiled Hades; and Hades was embittered when he tasted of Christ’s Flesh. Esaias, anticipating this, cried out and said: Hades was embittered when below he met Thee face to face. He was embittered, for he was set at nought. He was embittered, for he was mocked. He was embittered, for he was cast down. He was embittered, for he was fettered. He received a body, and encountered God. He received earth, and met Heaven face to face. He received what he saw, and fell whither he saw not."
"He wondered out loud “who could this have been?”"
"So the thing is, I have been waking up and getting really bad nausea. I thought, maybe it's all the medications I need to down for my bronchitis... or am I pregnant??? Hey, it could happen, pills are not so effective, most of all if you have been working overtime and getting home late, you tend to forget to take them as usual..."
"Just...drool..ummm...Wow! The art is by Kekai Kotaki who is best known for his work with Gears of War, Guild Wars, Magic the Gathering, and a few books covers such as the recent Shadow Prowler. All around he is producing gorgeous work with a bright future ahead of him. The cover for The Unremembered is breath taking in its depth and detail. Click to embiggen. It is worth it. Now on to the book itself, which doesn't sound too shabby either."
"Given prevailing atmospheric conditions during the past three weeks, it is instructive to remember that we pushed the start of Gravity Head into February precisely because doing so would garner better (colder) weather more suitable for strong ales and lagers. The weather's been better for a festival of wheat ales, but we (and you) have persevered."
"“ You know your borderline when…”"
"Karen had combined her Rudolph Day Christmas card with the snippets playground and what a stunner too - all gold, cream and burgundy - it's truly beautiful. Do hop over here to see what I mean. And, another super way of using ribbon too, plus a lot of work must have gone into all the embossing as well as everything else Karen did when making this card! Love it!"
"I got off the phone feeling guilty. Feeling bad. Feeling dirty. Feeling sad. Feeling lonely. Feeling like a betrayer."
"Old Olive Striped Grosgrain"
"Guide on How to Buy a Sports Watch"
"2.) Maddux is the biggest busy body you'll ever meet... I'm sure you think I'm exaggerating but trust me if you were to meet him you would understand almost everyone comments on how busy and grabby he is that I litteraly just don't have te time for this anymore... Plus my laptop broke thanks to Maddux so I can't be in the same room as him and I really need to take nap time for time to prepare lunch, clean, shower, read my bible or workout not to sit on the computer."
"No one read the “Last One Off The Boat Turn Off The Lights” sign that I would have posted on it had I known this would be an issue. So, they didn’t. Or maybe raccoons can’t read, so it wouldn’t have mattered anyway."
"Largo (Tomer Sisley) is the secret, adoptive son of Nerio Winch (Miki Manojlovic), a powerful billionaire who is murdered in the film's early going. Financed and mentored by his father, Largo is pulled from his world as a thrill-seeking adventurer (whose exploits lead him into fights, beds and jail cells) and thrust into the role of running the powerful W Corporation, of which he now controls majority share. More interested with flushing out his father's killer than running shareholder meetings, the charismatic and resourceful Largo fights hostile takeover bids and even more hostile assassination attempts while relying on board members, security personnel, a butler, driver/bodyguard, secretary and others who may or may not be what they seem."
"Right. Jobs today. Get to a supermarket and save money."
"There are also a fair amount of poems that allude to other literary and extra-literary sources. Eliot wrote that there are two types of allusion – extensive and intensive – and to the extent that I hope such allusions are extensive, the process of comparison (between the allusion and the alluded to) seems to me as much part of the poems as the words they contain."
"This was what Drew and I got her. I think it might take a while for her to really get the hang of pedaling. Right now she can do it if she's on a slight hill. Neil, Justin, and Darcy's \"G.G.\" are the spectators in this picture."
"I know that Punk has thrown out a first pitch before so I changed the wording on the back to read Cubs Appearance rather than Cubs Debut. ﻿If anybody knows where I can find a listing of ceremonial first pitches for Wrigley Field, I would greatly appreciate it. I'm sure there are many local guys or former Cubs that have done it multiple times and would love to have some kind of comprehensive list."
"Does it sing? Is the piece a high expression of the craft and aesthetic? Is it 'just right'? Jill said she cried the first time she tried on the ruby Beene dress that was a graduation gift from her father."
"I think the process of making low relief tiles in volume from a mold would really be a great set of skills for an upper level high school art class...Basically, you make a sandwich of 3 (ish) layers of clay : cutting into the clay exposing the lower layers to create a relief design. Then you pour a plaster mold around it and pull the sandwich o'clay out reusing the mold for as many clay tiles as you care to pop out! I didn't exactly follow the format of the layers, instead I did more carving. Amy recommended the book Handmade Tiles by Frank Georgini for detailed information on the process."
"As well to ask whether Dora could be woken without alarming the Axtli. Rel knew the set of his Four Knot's features all too well; Dora was a punctual waker by force of routine only, and slept like a stone. Since leaving Nursim, if anything, she'd been worse. Getting her up quietly would be a challenge, but promised at least a little revenge for any number of times she'd kicked him awake back home when she'd needed him. He said, \"Hold her tightly, cover her mouth. It's the only way we'll keep her quiet.\""
"ii)Engineer by profession, something never wanted to be."
"The Hunt of the Unicorn by C.C. Humphreys (ARC)"
"\"Carl Edward Sagan ( /ˈseɪɡən/; November 9, 1934 – December 20, 1996) was an American astronomer, astrophysicist, cosmologist, author, science popularizer and science communicator in astronomy and natural sciences. He published more than 600 scientific papers and articles and was author, co-author or editor of more than 20 books. He advocated scientifically skeptical inquiry and the scientific method, pioneered exobiology and promoted the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI)."
"Cut 48 1 and 1/2 inch circles from pie crust with a biscuit cutter or glass."
"Today is all about breaking your stride. Not slowing down or stopping but moving in an unexpected direction. I always chuckle to myself when I see those folk power walking through the mall or on a stroll through the neighbourhood. Those people on a mission – full bent for their destination and not letting anything get in their way. Those people go places and they are very likely to meet the destination they have set for themselves. Their bodies march to an internal forward, forward, forward, forward rhythm that propels them from A-B. I know the charge of following that rhythm, it has gotten me out of a lot of shopping malls!"
"B. supported the Wilmot Proviso."
"\"Forevermore,\" (who else would dare call a song that?) starts with manic riffs, both heavy and melodic...."
"WHAT INNUENDO? Were the Opposition screening a video of a coffee boy (or girl) swearing on the Quran that Najib raped his (or her) pert lil’ ass? NO! The only party involved in propagating a similarly vile and now discredited innuendo were the slimeballs in BN!"
"So now I walk like I have a rake shoved up my XXX. While looking at my right foot last night, OK picking at it like I should not be doing it started to bleed. Well I caught hell from the wife and a couple of the kids. So I will be off my feet today. On the good news front I did talk to my lawyer last week, and it looks like I should get a hearing date by end of summer."
"Lift up your heads, O ye gates; even lift them up, ye everlasting doors; and the King of glory shall come in."
"News Americas, Weds. April 4, 2012: Making her second major appearance in New York City since being crowned, Miss Guyana World 2012 Arti Cameron hit the red carpet at the Launch Party of Bikini Under the Bridge 2012 on Saturday, March 31st."
"But it never did."
"by flowing black robes and a grotesque breath mask, which"
"Nobody carries cash anymore, so limiting sales to those who have cash may eat away at your profits."
"Disc 2 - 1980 : 6/10"
"don – wellness coach"
"Generally, I love rainy days, especially in October. Moody weather in October is perfect for sparking the Halloween spirit. However, on the weekends, I prefer sunny weather to get out with the family and enjoy the autumn atmosphere. Our weekend plans were to go apple picking and to visit Castle in the Clouds in Moultonborough, NH, but with continual rain, I did not feel like going mucking around in mud to pick apples. I love the outdoors, but am not a dirty outdoors kind of girl. Change of plans and it was to Boston we went instead! This is exactly why I wanted to move near Boston - so that during inclement weather, particuarly in the winter, we would have a big city near us and would have easy access to museums."
"How you actually do the plan is a matter of personal preference; it may take a while to figure out what works best for you. You might start with a mind-map, to get all your main ideas down, then group ideas into sections and start fleshing out the details. Or you could start with the conclusion – once you know where you’re going, it’s easier to write your way there!"
"I live by these standards. Just because something may seem impossible for me, I will still spread my wings and try...putting my trust in God alone. He will make a way where there is no way. I know for certain I am not worthy of His perfectness...but He has made me worthy of His love, mercy and grace. I know for certain that He bestows love and goodness only. I know for certain that He directs our paths and makes all things good. When I feel that tug or pull on my heart that I need to attempt something, try something that seems impossible but needed...I will spread my wings and try because I know WITH GOD ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE!!!"
"from out my hand into your mind,"
"So don't feel too sorry for us. Ha!"
"Hi again. I decided to go for a surprise visit home to Finland! Last night I attended such a great party, the tripe x Vitaminwater launch party with the theme: xxx, obviously. More about that soon! Here pictured running errands in a slight hangover, totally worth it all."
"According to the BBC, the militants holding Dale had demanded a ‘very large’ ransom which could not be paid."
"riding is giving sabin a new confidence and she's really a natural at it. she's fearless and lucky that nothing scary has happened on any of the occasions. milton was the zippiest horse she's ridden, but she handled him very well. we're really fortunate that christina, her teacher, is just awesome--she's matter-of-fact and instills a quiet calm in the kids. we think she's great. and the school horses are really good too...other than milton trying to bite me as i gave sabin a leg up yesterday, they have surprisingly few bad habits. it's a real pleasure to go every saturday. and if sabin keeps it up, we're going to look for a horse for her at the end of the summer. it might be that her mom would like to ride again as well."
"Cook pasta according to package directions, drain. Saute bell pepper in a small skillet over medium heat until limp, about 10 minutes (or half that in my case)"
"The first artificial heart implant was carried out by Dr. Denton Cooley in Houston, Texas, in a 47-year-old man with intractable heart failure using the Liotta artificial heart developed by Domingo Liotta. This artificial heart was based upon the laboratory work of Dr. Michael DeBakey."
"“Corrupt (SA Police Service)"
"Sophie Scholl was a young student at the University of Munich during the Holocaust. She joined her brother Hans, a fellow student, and a few of their friends in the secret White Rose Society at the University. Together, they created and distributed leaflets around campus speaking the truth about Hitler, the Third Reich and their slaughter of the Jews, the disabled, the sick, and those who disagreed with them. Sophie, Hans and a friend were discovered by the Nazis and arrested. Hans attempted to take full responsibility, giving Sophie the option to deny her involvement and escape potential execution. But during the trial, Sophie valiantly chose to stand by her convictions and the truths she helped to pen in those leaflets. Ultimately, Sophie chose to lay down her life: within hours of her confession, the Nazis beheaded 20 year old Sophie by guillotine."
"The point is: It’s amazing. My husband plates this dish up beautifully… a perfectly lightly golden-fried fish fillet atop a steaming mound of aromatic rice, all resting on a lake of this gorgeous green curry. What do I do? Wreck it, man. Ram my fork through all the ingredients. I break up the fish in one go. I stir the rice mound to a chaotic pile. And most important, I coat EVERYTHING in green curry. I want a mouthful in every bite. Only decorum keeps me from picking up the plate and licking the remnants off."
"Portishead Glory Box UK"
"The \"projects\" section contains 51 simple knitting projects including dishcloths, fingerless gloves, mug cosies, cushions, and scarves. Some of the projects are more detailed & complex, but most look like very accessible patterns that would be relatively quick to knit."
"The coolest reaction: vitamin C (acetic acid) turns iodine from brown to completely clear."
"\"Give me some pre-packed cheese slices,\" said Tom craftily."
"so sick of everyone complaining about the heat, i think it's wonderful and i never want it to end"
"I've had very little time for painting so far this month, having been away for a week already. As I was away I was contemplating Flashbang, and when I got back I found I wasn't so keen to keep painting Normans. Since I still have a fair amount of furniture to paint, and I want to get some games going at the club, I've returned to the office furniture I started work on way back in 2011."
"Simply right click on the links below and save the file to your computer."
"She waited all night and then with the first bird call she slipped under water."
"2. Drivin’ My Life Away (Eddie Rabbit cover)"
"So I was able to tell her the story I had heard on the news just the day before of a woman who had feigned insanity (or irritating offness) to get off jury duty by dressing silly and behaving irresponsibly. Then she bragged about it on a radio talk show, the judge heard it, and now she's charged with perjury. She left her hair rolled in curlers of different colors, shapes and sizes, slathered on \"excessive\" makeup and dressed in mismatched shoes with holiday reindeer socks and a T-shirt emblazoned with, \"Ask Me About My Best Seller,\" the affidavit said. (http://www.thedenverchannel.com/news/30732249/detail.html)Holly's math class is a self-paced thing, and she's getting A's, so she figures she can get ahead some, and tell the teacher she might need to miss some classes, and that it won't be a problem. She has a once-a-week mother's helper job, and that won't be hard to re-schedule if necessary. And they're paying jurors minimum wage now. That was news to me."
"Notes: I've used tilapia, salmon, catfish, lake trout, perch, blue gill or bass."
"I got an e-mail a couple of days ago stating that my blog had been noticed, with the following comment:"
"-Cook 1 lb. sausage in skillet until cooked through."
"longing"
"So there you have it. This was probably one of the best and most memorable Thanksgivings I have had thanks to Dan's wonderful family:)"
"To call her out for being"
"See you in a bit."
"I should also mention that each item comes with a different darling vintage looking necklace."
"The bunch that fetched the top price had about 35 grapes, each slightly smaller than a ping-pong ball, Isu said. The average price for the Ruby Roman grapes at Monday's auction was about $245 a bunch."
"number of stars by the entries, except"
"TO WIN: follow ROOST, check out the Royal Design Studio stencils, and leave a comment to say which one you'd choose. And I'd love to hear what project you have in mind!"
"“If 80,000 people wanted to cause trouble, it would have been a much, much worse outcome."
"_____Decided to try being as honest as possible with everyone today. So now I'm single, homeless, unemployed, banned from our local church, pub and supermarket, and on the run from the law. Best policy, my arse."
"He swatted at the floating blue marble. It swayed just out of reach and purred like a cat tempting him to play. Judd slumped against the wall and cried."
"And so it begins ... the month(s) of something to do every weekend. Not that its a bad thing. Normally I probably would hate seeing my summer pass before my eyes but this year I'm happy for it."
"So, I’ve had some results from Deviantart, but I bet you WordPress witches could do better! I can’t wait to hear from you all and to ask the questions!"
"Middle row from left to right:- discovered a new shop Brissonte in North Reading, chilling out with an ice coffee and one of my favorite reads, a second daytrip to Rockport, Miss Marble the kitty we fed most of the summer"
"And The Times quoted English as saying, “Unfortunately, when things go wrong I’m the guy who takes the brunt of it…Look, it’s uncalled for. If I were molesting babies, I get it. But I’m not. I’m a guy with a dream trying to make it all happen.”"
"I’d love to hear your great marketing ideas!"
"Le bon Marche"
"That said... I sincerely hope that ANYONE who is against these bills will vote against EVERY SINGLE senator and representative who voiced support for and/or put their names to these atrocities. You can as cute as you want with your blogs and website today, but it means nothing if you don't follow through the next time these assholes are put for re-election."
"Spaten-Franziskaner-Bräu Spaten Optimator"
"I first wanted to wish a holiday holiday to all of you Chocolate Shavings readers. Your kind comments, emails and readership mean the world to me and make me want to write even after a long day. I hope your holidays are filled with great company, delicious food and a lot of love. Maybe even a few thoughtful gifts too!"
"- If you have a front loader, check the rubber ring around the door...baby socks love to hide there!*"
"gently and tenderly"
"'What is Shag doing?!'"
"And so it was, that, while they were there, the days were accomplished that she should be delivered."
"Okay, that’s it for BEFORE and AFTER shots, now just some more after shots."
"VAPORISE BARNEY My initial thought concerns that microphone and your arse!"
"I’ve heard the Lake District’s nice in July……"
"Auto-Relay mode."
"8″ Soft Toe Boots. TR-1 Load bearing orthotic insole. Breathable combat lunar lining. Heel and tow overlays designed to extend wear and life of boots. Low profile sole reduces weight and improves mobility. Vibram IBEX Outsole built for rugged terrain. Deeply serrated heel kicker aids in braking and arresting a slide. Deeply serrated toe bumper aids in vertical climbing and crawling. Rappelling bars extend wear of outsole. Aggressive lace-to-toe style allows for a customized fit."
"63. Forrest Gump (Tom Hanks) - It seems hokey until I watch it again, fall in love again, cry again."
"***and an afterthought***"
"I chomping at the bit to share more with you, but I see my word count is up. If you would like to have a discussion about this post, feel free to comment below and I’ll get right back with you. (See how I’m building a community?)"
"Abductions"
"Bella Bleu Designer Series Paper (#113974, $9.95)"
"This pie takes a while to come together. First you pre-bake the crust. While it is baking, you make the chocolate cream. Both need to cool completely before the filling is spooned into the crust. Once that is done, the pie must then sit for 5-6 hours before serving."
"Path stretching from the corner"
"‘He saved all our lives with a snap of his thumb"
"Messiaen could illicit deep, unambiguous horror, or nerve-cutting ecstasy. His work graces some of the most relatable scenes in modern cinema, and much of our cultural debt is owed to him."
"Glee – I think we can all agree that ‘thank crap Terri’s fake pregnancy story is over!’ Hopefully Glee starts firing on all four cylinders at the same time now, and not just in fits and spurts throughout an episode. Glee is a dark little show that manages to hide its fear that these characters will never realize their dreams underneath the shiny layer of a high school musical. It’s also laugh out loud funny and has the best soundtrack of any television show on the air."
"That’s all folks"
"I hope you will come visit me, as a few friendly faces are always nice when you are starting something new!"
"It wasn't my birthday. It wasn't National Potato Day. It was an ordinary day, with a gift given just because the friend knew I needed it. This is the moment that I realized we must learn to receive gracefully."
"Juice from 1 orange, plus a big spoonful of the zest"
"Saddest question: Are they strawberries?"
"1 cup whole milk"
"and mortal life shall cease,"
"THE LAST OF US"
"He waves “bye” but waves to himself instead of to the person leaving. Laughs and smiles at anyone who will engage him. Strangers at the grocery store beware! He’ll put something in my hand if I open my hand and say, “Give it to mama please.” His favorite foods are bananas, yogurt, moon pops (kind of like a rice-cracker), and grapes, but he loves to “share” my oatmeal and dad’s cereal in the morning. We usually eat our weekday breakfast while curled up on the couch and James crawls right up in our faces and opens his mouth, waiting for his bites."
"but your double –"
"Brett O. Freiman, 29, Roslyn, N.Y."
"1 widely"
"Cashier: okay fine."
"TouchArt One Earth Bottle Home will be simple, sustainable and inexpensive to build and easy for our families to operate and maintain."
"I will take suggestions for 2012, but for some reason a Fast & Furious-a-thon is sounding like a potential change of pace."
"in times of plenty."
"The first beer brands I became aware of were due no doubt to product placement in American movies put on UK TV. Coors for me is the beer Burt Reynolds transported across America with Smokey on his tale. Budweiser is the beer he drank when he was a drunk at the start of the sequel where they transported an Elephant. These brands looked exotic, exciting and representative of an American culture I much admired as a teenager. Maybe putting Hydes Bitter on in the Rovers Return wouldn’t have had the same effect but arguably neither option is an encouragement to drink. Drinking is a normal adult activity I was always going to have a go at regardless of what Curly Watts drank alongside having sex, driving and getting a credit card, and none of it so far has done me any harm and my intention is to keep going because I quite enjoy it. Especially the drinking and having sex bit."
"And, lets talk skirts and dresses for a minute..."
"LIFE photographer Ed Clark captured Brando’s explosive arrival in the California, not only trailing the actor as he delved deep into “The Method” — taking to a wheelchair and leg braces to live among paraplegics at a VA hospital in Van Nuys — but also glimpsing more personal sides of Brando, the very private man."
"Agita. Bring on the cake."
"The current college generation is full of movers and shakers. I'm so tired of hearing people complain about today's youth. As someone who works closely with college students every single day, I can tell you that many of them are incredibly thoughtful, creative, dedicated, and resilient. Sure, they're attached to their phones, but that doesn't make them ungrateful or entitled. This generation has their own identity, and I think we need to spend more time appreciating it than criticizing it."
"C-section it was."
"“Avoid aesthetically unsuitable names,” like Gaswork Road, the council decreed. Also, avoid “names capable of deliberate misinterpretation,” like Hoare Road, Typple Avenue, Quare Street and Corfe Close."
"Some of last night and today was tense. No idea why."
"Last night at dinner we talked to our son, who was too young to remember the day, about what we experienced and thought and worried about, how we walked through that day, and what we felt about what happened afterward."
"Person 4 - Male, 20, Programmer"
"Kali didn't wear a diaper so the mamas just had to try to get out of the way when she eliminated, and I'm sure it was quite messy, but I wouldn't have minded. (I couldn't participate because of the dreaded day job.)"
"Cumin powder ........ 1/2 tsp"
"Compounding and intensifying these issues of race and gender, they include concerns about the deep structures of inequality in our society—inequalities of wealth, privilege, and opportunity (including educational opportunity), and the attitudes of superiority those inequalities breed. And they include concerns that, whether they intend to or not, universities like Duke participate in this inequality and supply a home for a culture of privilege. The objection of our East Campus neighbors was a reaction to an attitude of arrogant inconsiderateness that reached its peak in the alleged event but that had long preceded it. I know that to many in our community, this student behavior has seemed to be the face of Duke."
"Incidentally, I visited with the Chief Medicolegal Death Investigator this past Monday regarding his opinion on the state of the OME. We enjoyed a 30 minute conversation until work got in the way. (By the way, he is a retired homicide detective.) He told me a story about SWAT and their response to burn-out. He commented that we sometimes overestimate the amount of stress we can handle. He suggested that sometimes it requires administrators to appreciate the amount of stress that is tolerable and learn when to pull an employee out of a situation before that limit is reached. We brainstormed a few strategies to solve the issue or at least help mitigate exhaustion in employees while performing autopsies."
"\"If we really do want more educated people, we have to do a much better job of educating the educators.\""
"The trigger"
"My fave shops on Rue de Passy were:"
"Mappy. This bold is like cocaine. I should agenda that this is an arcade game, and to my adeptness has never been arise on a gaming system, but whatever. I play it online all the time. The animation are terrible, and the bold itself is in actuality annihilation special, but it is in actuality addicting."
"Up until this point, Simpson has been saying that she doesn’t know the sex of the baby but is hoping it is a girl. Maybe she actually does know the sex and knows it’s a girl because she was spotted shopping at a baby botique buying lots of pink."
"At the end of it all, many miles were run by many teams. Some of which ended two of the three days with well over 100 laps each. It all serves them well in their quest to learn more about the behaviour of their cars. It means more time with the Pirelli tyres and learning about their optimum operating temperatures and wear patterns. It means the ability to see the effect of their upgrades before they are brought to a circuit on a GP weekend. This can make the biggest difference to a team looking to get into the championship race or staying in it. What the participating teams learned in these three days will make a hug difference from this point in time going forward. A simple change of a few degrees in any direction can make the difference between standing on the podium, taking a champagne shower or heading to the hotel to shower before taking an early flight out."
"There are many wonderful scenes which subtly, and sometimes a lot more explicitly with Ethel, get to the root causes of the issues faced by community. Broomfield takes his camera into the local school, where the emphasis on discipline acts as a cover for the real issues of poverty and unemployment. As Ethel notes, when the school send in the careers advisor, they might as well send along someone from the dole office as well. He also films in the local Birdseye chicken factory where an incredible scene of lines of women dismembering chickens was filmed with Broomfield being pushed on one of the factories trolleys around the room. Broomfield and the trolley pusher had failed to communicate beforehand when his assistant would stop pushing the trolley, and so they ended up doing the entire length of the factory."
"And on to 1937…"
"beating for you,"
"To not need my tweezers so desperately."
"Most regular teas I steep without worrying about covers and lids, unless of course it's in a pot. Some herbals, though, especially a milk-thistle blend I like (helps the ol' liver), really benefit from a lid over the cup, as some of the oils can lift away in the steam."
"This is where C.A.P and I sat from 9:30 until 11:30. He sat on the potty (yes, for two hours) and I sat on the floor."
"(Well, maybe proceed with caution.)"
"Well... still no hard feeling… it was not my intention to cause you distress. Cheers."
"I am not weighing myself this seventy-second attempt at weight loss since Chase was born because it hasn’t served much of a purpose up until this point, so if/when my clothes start feeling a bit loose, I will eventually step on them again. I’ve had seventy-one failures behind me though and I would like this to be the one that sticks. I’ve got a monumental birthday coming up next month, I would like to be able to wear my wedding rings again, fit into clothes that I enjoy wearing and also enjoy a baked good every now and then without feeling so guilty."
"It would appear the Communist plan of action is to use \"peaceful demonstrators\" (a.k.a. Lenin's useful fools) as human shields to open fire on the police. Of course, when the police respond in self defense, the return fire will hit many innocent people and create martyrs for the Red Front."
"My favorite passage has always been Psalm 46:10."
"In any case, I’m behind on mentioning several things here. First off, some magazine scans popped up a while back for God Dimension Game Neptune VICTORY:"
"\"He said, ‘When they decide whether they're going to accept you to SCHS, they're probably going to ask me what you were like in summer school. And I'm going to have to be honest. So, it's really up to you.' No drama. No judgments. Just an honest assessment that empowered me to decide my own future,\" wrote Alan, who credits Mr. D'Aquila for helping him boost his math SAT score enough to get accepted into the University of Connecticut. Alan graduated, went on to get a law degree, and now heads his own company in New York City that consults with interactive media companies on public policy issues."
"in chiaroscuro silence"
"and fresh herbs. The grannadilla is putting out new flowers."
"It's just me."
"We still have a bit to do but that is the fun part about it! I love fixing things up and I have a very handy husband that likes to help me. One day we will get all of the project completed as for now we are enjoying every minute of living in our new home!"
"The pink and cardstock are also DCWV."
"This was the surprise hit of the month. This sugar pickled garlic was delicious and was a huge hit with all my dinner guests, they absolutely loved it! Check out the recipe here."
"There was still a pretty decent turn-out to the second weekend of Coachella festival in California but not quite as many celebs as the first weekend."
"I don't have any gluten allergies, and word on the street is that some gluten free foods really dont taste that great. These soups are DIVINE! Better than any frozen soup I have ever had. Far better than cans of soup!"
"For all my spreaker fans, I will be recording a new episode probably on Thursday, the bronchitis has kicked me in the butt, and the allergies are not doing that great as well."
"To complete my card I stamped my sentiment in a Spellbinder pennant die and punched a butterfly."
"Over on cookware.com there's a sweet cast iron Dutch oven with a flat lid and legs like the style Alton Brown recommends in the \"Going Dutch\" episode. I've wanted one like that, mine is a domed lid sans legs, but they are out of my price range normally. That No Kneed Sourdough bread would bake up nicely in this."
"Buy it at Amazon.com"
"Maintaining a healthy weight for your height - you all know those charts we dislike..."
"Spring in the Netherlands can be a bit cooler and wetter than in other parts of Europe and we have been having quite a bit of rain and rather low temperatures lately; but despite the unspring-like weather, I just couldn't stay away from the beautiful tulip fields in the Noordoostpolder and I even managed to visit Keukenhof Park a few days ago."
"three and a half years to reach out to try to improve relations"
"Being, somehow, in a continuous state of borderline poverty, I opted for the glamour and panache of travel by coach. Lille to London with Eurolines takes about 6 hours, so on I hopped, off I hurtled, towards England's drizzly shores. I enjoy travelling by coach because I like the sense of distance covered. I like to look out the windows, read the signs, visualize where I am on the map, watch the landscape change, look at the houses and countryside and the people, and imagine their lives. I chose the seat just behind and across from the driver, and settled in with my pauper's picnic, the paltry remains of salvaged food from my fridge that ''had'' to be eaten: a piece of cheddar, two pears, and a hard, stoic bread roll. Well, guess what people? You don't put pears in with other food, as my grandmother later - and uselessly, at great length - informed me. You know why? Because it TURNS THE REST OF YOUR STUFF TO SHIT. I opened my plastic bag to find a mushy purée of brown pear and sweaty cheese congealed around that trusty old bread roll. Picnic = fucked. I settled back into the chair, and prepared myself for the journey ahead. A peaceful, relaxing, mind-clearing journey. Except not, because in that unique, special way I have, and despite myself, I made friends with the bus driver, who spent the whole 6 hours jabbering away about his views on university fees, the London riots, different parts of London (\"Camden? It's full of witches and that!\"), DIY techniques (\"See, now when I didn't have a shower at my old flat, I just used a hose-pipe and the sink\"), places to live (\"Amsterdam! Amsterdam is where it's happenin' mate!\"). Arriving in London, he then took the coach round the long way, through Lewisham, so that he could point out and stop in front of each and every little shop that had been disturbed during the riots, slowing the bus down and, \"Do you see the boarding? Do you see that boarding there? Riot, innit!\" over and over again. In all fairness though, when we stopped in Milton Keynes, he bought me a muesli and honey yoghurt pot. Now that's what I call service."
"Anything Goes At A Rooster Show by The Imperial Rooster"
"The food table included a white lego man border that was the backing for another project that I will show you tomorrow. I just taped them in line to the table cover. I also took some DUPLO lego blocks (the larger ones) and holders for the silverware and napkins. One of the foods on the menu were sub sandwiches, that I displayed the cardboard tray (to the left) that I wrapped in solid blue wrapping paper and then covered with the 'lego' logos that I saved from my son's boxes of lego's that he got for Christmas and Easter."
"I witnessed a barbaric act on four women by 2 dismembered ‘hands’ and 1 bodiless ‘penis’. I recall it was in China some time not too long ago, but maybe was during the Japanese invasion/occupation: Shanghi."
"'Flash!...Ah-ahh! He'll save every one of us!'"
"yet"
"Location: TBA"
"Backtrack to a brighter day earlier in the month -"
"This wouldn’t be the case a few years later when government actually encouraged fraudulent practices in home lending."
"B) the prosecutor’s office should be ashamed of itself."
"Eating Disorders are serious, life-threatening illnesses – not choices – and it’s important to recognize the pressures, attitudes and behaviors that shape the disorder. Would you recognize if your friend or family member had an eating disorder? Parents, siblings and close friends play a significant role in guiding and supporting someone with an eating disorder. In many cases, individuals with eating disorders cannot recognize a need for help in themselves, and it takes a strong, caring individual to reach out. Most importantly, you need to know that there is hope. For those seeking recovery for a loved one, eating disorder treatment is available."
"Oct-20 Newark, NJ Prudential Center On Sale Fri. Apr. 27"
"After night of sky tears"
"*Our yard is going to pot from lack of rain. Being restricted to sprinkler watering once a week is not enough, not with these relentless high temperatures we are experiencing. I go outside at twilight, when it is still 95 degrees, to water by hand a couple times a week, but it gets dark too fast…Everyone is getting as sick of the weather as they are of complaining about it."
"Yet let us analyze these implications in their general form. Starting with an increase in extreme weather, the erosion of soils and weak rock will increase. This will cause more of the imposing landmasses to crumble into the sea leading to an even greater rise in sea level. The changes will exponentially become more and more unpredictable. A chaotic patter will emerge which can never be studied. People will panic, but the plain fact is that nature is beyond their control. Sea levels will rise, temperatures will spike, and weather will be out of control. Everything will seem to be pointing toward an inevitable apocalypse."
"Sentiment and surrounding Stamps: SU Cottage Garden stamped in SU Marina Mist"
"North Carolina"
"….here”s the kinda text he sends:"
"As Grace picked out clothing for Doris to wear, Doris looked at the blouse Grace had chosen with disgust and said, “Grace that has to be the ugliest blouse I have ever seen! Is that yours?” “This is your favorite blouse Mom. You’ve had it for over two years and worn it at least a hundred times.” Grace replied as she held up the garment. “That isn’t mine. I have never seen that blouse before in my life. Why would you say such a thing?” No one knows what she was thinking, but Doris wasn’t about to admit that she had forgotten. As she put on her socks Doris asked, “Did you check the mail, Grace?” “Yeah, Mom, Bubba brought it to you over an hour ago.” Grace answered as she walked over and picked up the mail and showed it to Doris."
"Deep in to the first thirty minutes or so of the chick flick and I found myself thinking about story. Just the word and what it means. It was during the scenes in which the graduated “It” girls arrived in Abu Dhabi that my mind began to wander. You see this is where I noticed the story that had pulled me in during the first half hour shifted its focus from story telling to showiness. Somewhere, someone must have stated that the second installment of the movie must be bigger or needed more, I’ll use Ms. Bradshaw’s word, “sparkle” than its predecessor. Yeah I get it, in a vast sea of sequels they had to dream up some way for theirs to standout, but along the way they forgot about story. And how a well written, relatable tale can pull in and take hold of an audience every time."
"So we still need to paint and I have so many more ideas for decorating the space (including revamping the dining setting) but I have to be patient as other things need to be finished off first. I also can't wait for the alfresco deck to be built on the other side of the stacking doors. Good thing it is Winter so don't really want to sit outside as yet but in a couple of months I hope to."
"2) What would you make with your kit?"
"Thursday is the day where I get to tell you about someone else, and while I sincerely want to tell you all about my cat Lucy (she's so cute, it would be an excuse to spam you with cat pictures) I'll refrain. This time. There are still several Thursdays left in this month."
"I did the round twice, went back home and sat down mentally drained. The image of the envelope laying on the street under the merciless tires of fast cars haunted me. Then the other image started to haunt me, that of strangers finding the envelope and depositing the check into their personal bank accounts."
"Monday, February 8th was a great night. We had pizza at A Slice of Brooklyn and then we made a presentation at the 77th Precinct Community Council meeting. There were a lot of people – probably over 50. I was a little nervous because I have never done a presentation outside of school before. But, come to find out it was great and me and the other students did well."
"Jackie: Well, that’s a tough one to answer because we don’t actually know ourselves yet! I can say that we are currently writing new material and are thinking that these newest songs might appear on a 7” split or maybe a vinyl EP sometime in 2009. We also have a possible European tour in the works, but nothing is final. Long term, we just want to keep rollin’. Another album, more tours, more fun for us!"
"I cheated on the dandelion with a clover."
"As I mentioned (briefly) in my previous post, M and I have made the rather large decision to leave France's fair shores and head back to Australia."
"You may remember a few posts and a few weeks ago I got a new sewing machine - a Pfaff Quilt Expression, and Margaret Atwood's story pretty much sums up my experience. It does amazing things but it is hands down, no holds barred the pickiest sewing machine I've ever met, and I've met a lot! BUT, the silly thing is growing on me. It handles invisible thread flawlessly and does a fantastic job on machine binding. It's alphabets work great. It does sooo may things sooo well, that, well, there's hope that we can learn to co-exist. My 6 word story for this would probably go something like this:"
"—-. Art as Experience. New York: Perigee Books, 1934, 2005."
"* Cricut cartridge: Create a Critter, Elegant Edges"
"But often times, it's me. I'm the one saying \"Hello, FinePrint.\""
"Backing Papers - My Minds Eye Winter Papers"
"After 2 hours the results are 1 gun shot, 2 tasers and 1 noose, 1 goat is struggling to survive, all the others are dead. All four dogs are gone, some forever. That seems fair."
"I think I won the bottom trumps of having the thinnest plectrum. I also had a big fat one that I used for the tunes I was more familiar with. This was nothing to do with planning and more to do with what was lurking in my bag."
"of political revolution that has assumed a deeply religious Nature and will become a Malaysian messianic movement ..."
"They dress themselves now you know. And I must admit, relinquishing control on dressing them like dolls was nothing short of excruciating."
"The lame hen (Yarrow) and the broken winged hen ( Comfrey) are doing ok in the Polytunnel - I open up the really rather tiny Broody ark first thing so they can wander around the polytunnel and talk to the other two baldy hens inside the big run in the polytunnel - these two are ok health wise but are weak and bald so need a bit of tlc and feeding up before they can go outside. I still have not named these two but am musing about it."
"If you could not identify the miscreant, you have an opportunity to correct the group as a whole. When you address the group as a whole, make it lean more toward a positive statement and not an accusation to the group."
"Last night we had our first 2 unit water, for several weeks since a the March deluge dropped 7” of rainfall on the Twin Lakes area and heavier falls we seen higher in the catchment. Since then its been a race against time to get Bull Shoals down before the April 14 deadline for mandated lower flow for agricultural needs in eastern Arkansas."
"Football parents and their wonderful ideas- a great senior year being in store for my stepson"
"Also, on days when I'm wearing a lot of spackle, I double cleanse. Not by using a fancy Japanese oil like the cool kids, but by using Cetaphil twice. I massage in some Cetaphil, then tissue it off. Then I use more Cetaphil, this time with the Mia."
"So, have you ever felt in a bubble or rut, and what did you do to get out of it? Was it the right move or did you wish you’d stayed exactly where you were?"
"The author looks at the use of dimmer switches in home lighting. Different types available are discussed, and where to use them, including in bathrooms."
"and this is the wonder that's keeping the stars apart"
"as you keep going. And you will be able"
"Cling-wrap"
"Even Pooja Bhatt seems to have made changes to her plan. “I ain`t letting my secret out. There`s quite a bit of speculation about Sunny Leone and Bipasha being part of the film, but I haven`t finalised the name yet. Hopefully, we`ll be able to make an official announcement soon. But we had a positive meeting with Sunny.”"
"The most interesting aspect of this report for RADNET is the continual references to the Los Alamos National Laboratory as that location playing the greatest role in the production of nuclear warheads once the plutonium used in these warheads was fabricated at the government reactors in Hanford, WA, Savannah River Plant in South Carolina, and at the Rocky Flats Colorado facility. For more information about Los Alamos as a source point of anthropogenic radioactivity see the citations under Los Alamos in this section of RADNET under Los Alamos National Laboratory."
"About 4 hours, and an hour of pushing, out popped Gavin. Looked just like his Daddy! We were so happy he arrived. We did not know what we were having, but my Mom (who could not wait) found out what he was before he was born…of course my family had a blast teasing me before he came!!"
"Salty."
"We made it back from Jamaica, boy did the week fly by, just was not enough time. We had an awesome time. We met a lot of nice people, ate lots of delicious food, and got some much need R & R!"
"NEVER lose a holy curiosity. (Albert Einstein)"
"“Even after Jesus’ resurrection and ascension to heaven, he had to wait at his Father’s right hand until the time came for him to rule as King over mankind. (Hebrews 10:12, 13)” —The Watchtower, 6/15/94, pg 6"
"Dogfish Head is a wonderful brewery in Delaware that is most well known for its IPA, most notably the 60 Minute version which is easily found and the 90 Minute, which is supposed to be a hoppier IPA than the 60 Minute (probably because the number of minutes in the beer is how long one of them will fuck you up) but actually doesn't taste like that."
"a) If you want the general public (ie. the LCD/retards) to understand your important safety message, don't use a word that one could use to win scrabble."
"Tony’s trusted friend and business partner betrays him, having designed his own Iron Man suit, but having been unable to make it work without the “heart piece.” So far so good. So, he paralyses Tony and steal’s his heart piece, to power his own suit, leaving Tony to die."
"Church and my Savior, Jesus Christ."
"When perusing the inter web, there seems to be a lot of controversial discussion on detox and cleanse. Doctors claim that cleansing is a marketing ploy and that shocking your system does not necessarily damage your body, but it certainly doesn’t jump start it into a healthy state. Some doctor’s claim that any weight lost is due to lack of protein in the body. Other’s claim that dehydration from lack of water and a shortness of sodium throughout the body to produce electrolytes can result in total fatigue. Yet, I have also been in the hospital where a “detoxifying” diet was encouraged in order to flush the system of poisons. I have eaten my share of vegetables and downed gallons of diluted apple juice in order to be rewarded with my freedom from the confining hospital walls. Medically, I am torn. Yet, I believe that gaining nutrients naturally is far more effective than popping vitamins like a drug addiction. My body reacts adversely to taking vitamins. I get sick. I throw up. I get completely exhausted and sleep for hours after taking them. The most recent addition to my vitamin intake has been a reaction where my hands clamp up like an inner-palm charlie horse causing my hands to go into a “claw-like” state and hurt immensely. After some research, this is proven to be a reaction to vitamins most often or a lack of vitamin D. I certainly had not been lacking in natural vitamin D or vitamin D within my multivitamin, so I have stopped taking vitamins yet again in my life."
"Is this somewhere to relax or somewhere to entertain?"
"Results for Great Barr with Yew Tree in 2011:"
"Evenly fill the muffin cups with the batter by following the colour scheme. You can use different piping bags for different colours or you can spoon the batter in the muffin cups. Bake for about 17-20 minutes or just until set and a toothpick inserted into a cupcake comes out clean. Always check a few minutes before the stated baking time. Do not overbake or the cupcakes will be dry."
"EDITOR’S NOTE: Steven Cenname is a 19-year old Salisbury University student, majoring in Environmental Studies and Political Science. He is also a musician and has a Minor in Music. He describes himself as a “Social Progressive” and believes that Rep. Andy Harris has failed to provide any benefit to the Eastern Shore constituency he is supposed to represent."
"Firing flame weapons"
"When the female Israeli sales rep went to get some food later on she was surrounded by angry youths who starting harassing her."
"The stark, broken ribs of a dead ship, illuminated in relief by another diver’s light. Immense lobsters peering from beneath a twisted bulkhead. Tools once used by a steamfitter now long-dead, whose remains are perhaps still here with us. A large dog snapper hiding near Jon and using his light to find and devour prey. Devious bastard. Sleeping parrotfish cocooned in their mucous sacs. And on and on. New visions appearing as previous ones fall behind and out of my cone of visibility, disappearing from my ken. Familiar creatures in an unfamiliar reality."
"Two nights later, on New Year’s Eve, my daughter, my sister and I had a cocktail the Carousel Bar, where you can literally feel the room spinning every fifteen minutes."
"So let’s get to the good stuff–the food! Each day before service we went down the whole line and each group had to explain why each of their dishes were “nutritious and delicious.” Not surprisingly, i LOVED all the food in this class. A fellow health nut and I talked so excitedly about how much better we felt after class each day–we had more energy, were in better moods, and life just seemed a little brighter. After the land of cream sauces and mushy meat, it was like discovering the promised land."
"He goes on to say this about writers:"
"Last pang."
"to put into their Easter Basket, but that"
"MUFE HD Foundation #127:"
"I didn’t know it then because it would be 5 years before I knew what the lyrics were."
"And lastly . . ."
"A quickie post today! Was just taught an amazing little trick by a friend of mine so thought I would share it with you too if you are like me and didn’t know this sooner!"
"I remember when this park opened in 1994. Now, zoos don't just appear over night. When I first visited there wasn't much to see, and a large part of the site was still under construction. But even though it was a quarter of the size of the park today, we came away promising to go back regularly."
"Your whole life can gradually become filled with giving and getting daily strokes but you have to put your self out there. If someone says they don’t have time for you, find someone who does, and copy these people who get what you want, push through the fears and do what they do. There’s no reason not to do this, nothing to do but quit listening to the thoughts stopping you. Everyone who gets what they need does it by ignoring the stopping thoughts. You can too. Experiment with your life, that’s what life is. Play around, take some risks, you’re not out of line, not wrong or sick, you are free, said Kafka, that is why you are lost."
"April 12 TBA, New York City NY"
"Breath it...softly"
"And sadly returned empty handed."
"Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!"
"3So they kept there for a long time, taking heart in the Lord, who gave witness to the word of his grace by causing signs and wonders to be done by their hands."
"perhaps one is a glamorous model, and will talk about her job...maybe one is a travel journalist and will write about the country...maybe one is a spy and will be mysterious...think how your people are able to travel so much..."
"Yes, it's my blog, and I can make a political statement if I want."
"I went to the eye doctor the other day...it was interesting, bordering on expensive. I went to a different eye doctor last year, and those glasses just weren't working right. I was switching between multiple glasses every day, depending upon which situation my face was in Just so you understand the many, many personalities of those beautiful orbs in my head, I will present a day in the life of my life. I like to call it \"the neurotic eye-wear shuffle\""
"Louie is a friend of a friend. He’s a very nice boy – and a very nice-looking boy, even though he has a ponytail (that is longer than mine), and I typically don’t dig that, because I think it’s ‘girly’."
"during the procedure up her nose, maddy started to bleed."
"I was so curious when I saw the teaser photo of this MV, but then when I watch it I became so amazed. And now I so excited to know where and how she shoot the MV. At first I think this MV is so weird, you know, to see the singer covered with mud and then crying and you don’t know why did she alone in that desert. Finally when I saw the volcano, then I begin to realize it’s about an apocalypse, and she is about to DIE. OHMAIGWOT!!"
"Many congratulations to Fathers James Bradley and Daniel Lloyd, who were ordained into the sacred priesthood on Saturday, 21 April - St Anselm's Day. Both men were ordained to serve as priests for the Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham."
"It's a win-win (wince)."
"French"
"This week was my last week of classes and school! I officially graduate next friday…I may even be a little nervous because I had a dream that I forgot to pick up my cap and gown, and had to borrow one of my classmate’s when she was done receiving her diploma. I hope that doesn’t happen!"
"not because it would be a good substitute for lettuce"
"Hopeful - 12:00"
"Ever since I watched the Zefferelli version of Romeo and Juliet with my college students last spring and cried uncontrollably at the end- unable even to utter the single word “goodnight”— a good cry has become my litmus test for a successful production of a Shakespeare tragedy."
"Babs"
"Less than two weeks."
"- Cheesa: She demonstrated some of the strongest singing of the top 16 and she had the power stances down pat. If she won it would be a validation of the show’s emphasis on vocal abilities. So why didn’t she move forward? I respected her performances, but other than “Don’t Leave Me This Way” I didn’t like them. Perhaps the voting audience felt the same way? Regardless, I felt she got robbed in the Cee-Lo pick."
"When the bishop showed up at the church, all of us who had spent weeks memorizing these questions and answers in case we were called were stupefied when the good bishop didn’t ask us one question, not one! Something in me gave up on the Catholic Church at that point. In fact, I announced, much to my parents’ dismay, that I didn’t want to go to church anymore. My mother was aghast; my father took it in stride. This began the years in which God (whoever I may have thought He was) took a back seat to everything else I deemed important. He was, for all practical purposes, at the bottom of my list. More truthfully, He didn’t make the list at all."
"“We shall bind ourselves by more lasting utterances than ever. Let us four take the oath of foster-brothers.”"
"The weather was perfect. I mean it was shorts and t-shirt weather at 4:30 in the morning. I picked up my friend Scott and we walked down to the waterfront. I expected it to get breezier and colder by the water but it was pleasant and we would enjoy great weather for the rest of the day. The first 10 miles just flew. Jen and I ran at a great pace, talked a lot and enjoyed ourselves. Shortly after the bridge however I would lose her on a long downhill when she took off and I had to stop twice to tie my shoelaces. Eventually I caught up with her at Golden Gate Park. I ran ahead of her after catching up but eventually I lost her again. Thinking that she was still behind I ended up waiting for 12 minutes in the park. Finally when I started running again I caught a glimpse of her as the course looped back on itself - she was more than a mile ahead! This was around mile 17 or so and I would use most of it to catch back to her. I wasn't happy to be running so hard but I was also pleased that I was running well with no major issues. It felt good! Eventually I caught her, a mile from the finish. In the end she didn't need me as she paced her race superbly. She did it! She got it done! About 50 yards from the finish line Jen starts hauling and we run past Scott who was struggling. I yelled at him to follow us into the finish, \"c'mon Scott! Follow us!! It was Scott's first marathon and he has been wearing his medal to work all week. We all crossed the line at 3:56. What a day."
"It's telling, though, that the latter song, addressing death, sounds so free of consequence. It epitomizes the tradeoff on \"Long Road\": Sweet tunes, professional playing and earnest intent in exchange for anything like a deep or uneasy feeling."
"He presents bicameralism as a means to enhance “legislative due process” by introducing a second locus of debate about bills and also possibly by adding different points of view to the mix by virtue of making the two chambers of the legislature representative in different ways. In theory, this sounds great. In practice, I wonder whether bicameralism can live up to its promise. Bicameralism will not serve to increase the amount of debate unless both chambers are in fact committed to fully debating the bills before them. But – to take up the mischievous-or-superfluous argument that Waldron criticizes – if there is commitment on the part of one chamber to debate bills in full, how much is there to be gained by then adding a second full debate? Different modes of representation need not produce different perspectives (as the increasing similarity of the Senate and the House of Representatives in the U.S. shows), especially if the process of representation, however it is organized, is dominated by political parties. Representatives’ views are likely to be function of their partisan commitments much more than of the way they are elected."
"Polar opposites. Brutally hot and bitterly cold. Darkest black and purest white. Sun-scorched, burnt-up wasteland and lush, green, thriving garden. Dark night of the soul and Promised-land day. Deepest pain and most exhilarating joy. Death and resurrection. Life. Me."
"The Bowflex!!"
"As you are aware, throughout the winter months and now stretching into spring, many citizens of Wisconsin and other states have come to the Capitol to have their voices heard regarding legislation which was being debated. Overall the citizens, legally, were well-behaved but the sheer numbers and volume resulted in a significant disturbance to the Capitol’s operation."
"and the burial at Memorial Park."
"There is something disingenuous when it is said that the money could be spent on improving health-care facilities, sanitation, water and what not. What is unsaid is that the money comes from the budget of the various ministries which have nothing to do with health or education or sanitation, the department of culture being a major one. These are pre-set budgetary provisions."
"Cytomic have announced another VST called: \"The Drop\", an analog-modelled resonant filter plug-in. It's still in development with release expected before the end of the year. Several audio demos are available."
"“Which begs the question who would want to kill Mitch?” Just then Jeremy’s phone ranged. “Hello. Really? Interesting. That’s going to help a lot thanks!”"
"Here is my story that will recount to all of you that toddlers still have lots of needs too..."
"One speaker in particular Debbie Neal, Executive National Vice President at Arbonne stood out from all the rest for me. During her presentation, I was moved to tears at least twice (OK those of you who know me, understand I cry easily) because I was able to see her dream and understand exactly what is required of me to achieve the possible."
"The travel and tourism industry impacts not just the economy and jobs but also the quality of life for area residents. Accommodations, attractions, restaurants, museums, parks...all are maintained by well-trained staff and very often assisted by dedicated volunteers."
"And, hard though it is to believe, very few people will even notice, preferring as they do the soap opera to the cold wind of reality ."
"Rolling Stones Angel in my heart UK"
"Now our other kitties need their annual check-ups. *sigh*"
"Bloody marvellous!"
"The monster was obliterated. Not a trace of it left. Abby was certain of it as she removed her hands from the writer's head. The glow faded from her body."
"Let's break it down:"
"Naomi, bless her, sat there stunned for a moment, then laughed and asked if I realised what I’d just said. I thought about it, started to laugh too, and apologised."
"2010.09.12 Iraq Hudayyeb 1 1 Two men are shot, one of them an elderly man by his own al-Qaeda sons."
"Blackcurrants (by zapxpxau) - the basket is used to frame here the blackcurrants with in the frame. The grass is giving the impression of fresh picked fruit."
"I know, I know, I really need to read Room. And I will - I already own it but in the meantime The Sealed Letter actually has caught my attention more. It's based on a scandalous court case of divorce in Victorian times with accusations of rape, adultery and secrets. I just know I'm going to love it."
"Be aware, of course, that even the best of plans might not work out. When I launched CHRONAL ENGINE, I brought along an extra extension cord for my computer as well as an extra-long VGA cable (I didn't have a wireless/remote mouse for my computer and I've found that ones for the projector are a bit iffy). I also had masking tape to secure the cords against people tripping on them. That way, I figured, I could stand at the lectern and operate my slides myself. I had also prepared a Prezi presentation using the laptop (not cloud-based) version, because I knew I wouldn't be able to get Internet access."
"No more with tender lip, nor musical labial sound,"
"07- Jive cofee"
"Susan Carlton author of LOVE AND HAIGHT stopped by to play a game of This or That. Find out more about Susan, her book, and her characters at the blog tour hosted by The {Teen} Book Scene."
"The heart chakra represents what we are now learning and experiencing more than ever. It is all about the heart. As we become more heart-centred and focus on all people, the planet and situations with love and peace, we will see shifts happening. The energies are here to support us in being stewards of love. You are reminded that for any questions you have, or decisions to make, look in your heart, where all the answers lie. So put your mind aside and tune into your heart now. What is it telling you?"
"1. William weighed 13 pounds and 5 ounces at birth and was 24 inches long. He was my first vaginal delivery after three C-sections. All three local news stations interviewed us, and the story was picked up nationally. I got emails from all over the country. Later one of the clips somehow ended up in an episode of Animal Planet entitled “Extreme Births.”"
"The other day, I was watching the (surprisingly funny) show New Girl, and the gorgeous character Julia was wearing black nail polish. Instead of looking goth, her black polish looked grown-up and sexy. Since then, black nail polish has been popping up everywhere: pretty girls around town, celebrities at events, even the finalists on The Bachelor. :) What do you think? Would you wear it?"
"Generic Needs Assessment and Training Needs Analysis"
"Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. 30th Anniversary- Charlie, Fred And Ken's Bock"
"Looked drab in the extreme,"
"But of course, that is the duty of the media – they are there to laud the entertainment but to deliver the death knell on the ridiculous. What is irksome though, is the faux surprise that Balotelli could dare be as idiotic as he was on Sunday. The signs have been there throughout his entire career, not least his brief time in Manchester. He is still in the infancy of his career and will most definitely learn from his mistakes (see the apology issued on Monday) but to state that he has thrown the title through his poor performance is extreme hyperbole."
"Title: The Traitor in the Tunnel"
"Part of me is right."
"They’re giving us a brush hog and disc and bucket with it. We get to accessorize."
"5. Finally and the best rule of all..........have fun and spread the love!"
"There was a section with more hardcore stuff (yes more hardcore than metal vulva guards) that carried the warning “enter of your own free choice, you could be shocked (no complaints please).” I was very put off by this section – while a lot of the museum relies on shock value, of course, most of it is pretty decently curated whereas this particular exhibit was just ridiculously offensive, backward, and flat-out nonsensical. Case in point:"
"Oh...and one more thing....thanks to April....our server...who kept us happy and hydrated all day! You are the best....the only server I saw that took a turn in the dunking booth. And thanks to Josh...for being so nice and to the owner for allowing us to peddle our wares for a day! We definately will stop by the Nav A Gator whenever we are in the area and enjoy a cold one!"
"And so, my Writers’ Platform-Building Campaign was born."
"Our time together ended as Mr Fawkes got a phone call that calls him away on urgent business, but that I suspected was prearranged to ensure he could make a polite exit."
"\"I'm not buying a new big house.\""
"The Colossus of Rhodes DID NOT STRADDLE THE HARBOUR."
"Friday night, there was a fight in the parking lot at working during my dinner break. I am not sure of all the details of the reasons of the fight but the one guy involved seems to the kind of guy that it always looking for a fight. He was working as a temp but got let go because he threaten another person at work. Now his wife works at the warehouse still and that is why he was there. Now there is a time to fight but it should be the last resort when other options have not worked."
"Country Bumpkin - aromas from a country prim pie, very spicy."
"I've never been a fan of Islamic swimwear, or the \"burkini\" if you will. I've contemplated purchasing one on many different occasions, however, regardless of my feelings on their look, but always talked myself out of it."
"November: *writes a short*"
"I also had a whole bunch of empty MAC products (my mum goes through the eyeliners like crazy) and I swapped them (see back to MAC) for this pink-red Creamsheen lipstick in Lickable. Since it's one of their Creamsheens, the formula is more moisturising, slightly glossy and adds a bright burst of colour. Yay. Not bad for a freebie."
"Realising this potential, the Government, through various initiatives under the Government Transformation Programme (GTP) has mapped out a set of deliverables for the Tourism Ministry in order to stimulate sustainable tourism as the nation races to achieve its high-income status by 2020."
"“Girl, what you doing half yo’ life?”"
"Hope you like it, make sure you play along!!"
"A digital copier encourages its users to find new ways of working that reverses the printing and distribution processes. It scan the information optically from a piece of paper and are a success due to the combination of two technologies of paper handling and data handling. With the growing popularity of these copiers, more and more organizations are opting for this technique of copying and are moving away from the inefficient use of traditional copiers for document reproduction. Some of the famous digital copy machine manufacturers are Canon, Panasonic, Toshiba, and Xerox."
"Well hello again! I am back home from Kids Camp, Senior Trip, and College Orientation."
"This post is for Stephanie of Steph's Green Space, who has asked me before about this plant. (Stephanie, I was waiting for the flowers to grow and bloom to show you the beauty of the flowers!) and also to Autumn Belle of My Nice Garden. Autumn Belle, there were four pregnant guppies, one has already given birth, now waiting for the other three. The picture above shows one of the pregnant guppy. When you buy guppies, make sure you buy more females than males!)"
"I’m back from our wonderful, weekend getaway and am very happy to say that this evening, at 8:09 pm, my husband handed me back my freshly scrubbed, clean-behind-the-ears computer. YIPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!! (Can you tell how excited I am?)"
"I found a small package tucked inside our doorway, addressed to me."
"Another track on the album, \"Big Stripey Lie\", is the kind of"
"Goodmorning and welcome to our next Challenge here. From today we will write our blog in Dutch and in English because there are people that are following our blog but do not understand the English. We will also write the rules in Dutch but that will take a while, but it will be changed as soon as possible."
"of Zulu cultural heritage whereas his Jewish compatriot Zapiro is"
"Situated on the waterfront, the main residence is set in park-like established gardens including magnificent 100-year old Port Jackson and Moreton Bay figs, Orange Guava, Cherry Guava, Pineapple Guava, Trees."
"I have no love for the police. I've made no secret of that. There was a time when my respect for them was unbridled. I genuinely believed we had the best coppers in the world. That stopped some time ago, when I discovered that they were really thugs in uniform, for the most part. I'm not going to tar them all with the same brush because that would be unfair on the good ones. But they are as rare as hens teeth, which is a damned shame."
"Insane In The Brain"
"Gillian Anderson struggles manfully but is hobbled by dialogue so trite it beggars belief and a re-write of Miss Havisham's character that loses any shred of tragedy or pathos."
"But even though I was buying organic almond milk, there are still a few things on the label I'm not quite sure what they are, so figured, why not try making it?"
"In the past, researchers conducted extensive investigations of psychedelics or hallucinogens in the 1950s and 1960s. But political and cultural pressures forced the termination of all projects by the early 1970’s."
"Like many others before him, Abbott discovers, once married, that marriage is a battle - clinically, a negotiation - over possession of the Bad Mood. A marriage, especially a marriage with children, cannot function properly if both its constituents are in a foul temper, thus the Bad Mood is a privilege only one spouse can enjoy at a time. Who gets to be in a Bad Mood? This is the day-to-day struggle. In the Perfect Union, the Bad Mood is traded equitably, like child care or household chores. There is joint custody of the Bad Mood...In a typical marriage, however, one spouse tends to possess the Bad Mood disproportionately. This is called Hogging The Mood."
"The album is on Polydor, and has an orange label, rather than the classic red. Interestingly, whilst the writing on Side 1′s label is white, it’s actually black on orange for Side 2. The tape is a BASF chrome, but even though the shell has standard Type I spec, it does show evidence of high bias notches next to the write protect tabs. The notches are blocked in to preserve the Type I auto-setting, but it’s clear the shell is adapted from Type II spec."
"Herein lies the deepest symbolic lesson of the butterfly. She asks us to accept the changes in our lives as casually as she does. The butterfly unquestioningly embraces the chances of her environment and her body."
"This film has the Orient Express, The Yeti, Zombies, Alien Possessions, Rasputin, Count Dooku, Grand Moff Tarkin, Kojak, and a big train wreck, what more could you ask for? - MIN"
"This post is a revised version of a text that appeared a few days ago in Al Jazeera English, and seeks to use the selection of an American as the new President of the World Bank both to expose the fraudulent claim of a merit-based selection process and to insist indirectly that the future peace and justice of the world requires a more democratic and legitimate structure of global governance that reflects the post-colonial rise of the non-West, a rise that is not reflected in antiquated structures that persist despite changed conditions."
"Ok - more than likely you have a Web Links page on your site - are you using it? Linking with other sites who have similar interests as your site is free advertising. The more links that lead to your site the better the chances you have of climbing up in the search engine results. Spend ten minutes a day or ten minutes a week exchanging link banners with other sites but for sure spend time doing it. You cannot have too many links exchanged with other sites. If you exchanged links with a dozen or so other sites and then stopped - you ain't done yet."
"Sweater: J.CREW"
"In Canada, where taxes are comparatively much higher, gross inequality is not as much of a concern, but it's starting here too. People are having a hard time keeping up, racking up debts to make ends meet. The Globe and Mail reports that according to Royal Bank's latest housing survey, a majority will carry mortgage debt long after they become eligible for seniors discounts. Freedom 55? More like Freedom 75. And with the new giveaway to banks and insurance companies, the Harper Government just ensured pension poverty as the new normal for most Canadians (not just weasels at Washington who are disconnected!)."
"� Tram Modernization Project"
"Otherwise, I’ve been obsessing with the new BBC cooking series, “My Little Paris Kitchen” (La Petit Cuisine a Paris) with Rachel Khoo. A Le Cordon Blue trained Brit with a diverse heritage, Rachel moved to Paris a few years ago to pursue her culinary studies. Her joie de vivre is contagious and her recipes make French cooking appear as easy as pie. Although she obtained a patisserie degree from Le Cordon Blue, her repertoire includes much more than just pastries and her recipes intend to show how Parisians really cook at home. Rachel deconstructs with delightful ease and a pinch of naughtiness an array of French culinary favourites from Boeuf Bourguignon and Coq au Vin to Madeleines and Choux pastry in her tiny Parisian kitchen-cum-restaurant. Her down-to-earth attitude and genuine enthusiasm for food inspire me to experiment in the kitchen and more importantly, to love life."
"Thanks for stopping by, hope you like my card."
"For less competitive routes, try to buy tickets at least 21 days in advance to get the best price. For high-traffic routes, consult bing.com’s Airfare Predictor, which will advise whether you should snap up that ticket or wait."
"“It’s a much simplified, feasible way of causing regeneration; very easy to use as therapy,” Dzau said. “With stem cells, you have to take them from the embryo or tissue in the body, grow them in culture, and re-inject them—and then there can be technical and biological problems."
"The president’s policy is mistaken, because space exploration is inexorably democratizing. Boeing is building a promising spacecraft. Bigelow Aerospace is developing a private space station and plans to train astronauts from countries without any formal space programs. Virgin Galactic is working on suborbital space flights for the paying public and, led by the British entrepreneur Richard Branson, is trying to marry entertainment values with space commerce. And Orbital Sciences Corp. has methodically mastered launch technology, sending 129 satellites into orbit over the past 20 years."
"so as I already said before I looove vintage! and it feels so great when you find something that is beautiful and cheap! vintage bags are double the fun..they are real leather they are stylish and cheap!!! here are my two very different style vintage bags.."
"in a fur coat from the steppes of Siberia..."
"The synopsis, where we find out that Sookie walks in on Eric feeding on another girl, has haunted my dreams. And not because I think that it is something that Eric couldn’t do, but I’m anxious to see Sookie’s reaction."
"I am now convinced that as powerful as the Moment of Truth may be, the Moment of Goof in our new Digital Age has a far greater impact. Why? Our customers are trained in internet sales and service, adapt to our system requests, provide their personal information, shop and compare on line/with an app, and expect NOW solutions/empathy/recognition when face-to-face or phone-to-phone or Skype-to-Skype with our Customer Service Employee/ Associate/Manager/Chief of Smiles."
"We request you to contact our Wirelss and Talk Technical Support on 0844 873 8586 options 1,5,4,1 who will be able to perform a line test on your line as all diagnostic steps have been done, the timings are 8am to 11pm, 7 days a week and the calls are charged at 5p per minute flat rate"
"“From a rich man with an extremely wealthy wife through the landed gentry – one of whom recently encouraged us to keep petrol in our garage to a viscount, not the delightful chocolatey biscuit, but the tax avoiding trust fund millionaire who has the audacity to claim we are all in this together.”"
"The highway drops her line"
"Exclusive Fascinating Photos of the Crime Museum of the Police College."
"Sydney, Australia;"
"Pushing budget cuts and pension changes at the same time could create political problems jeopardizing pension reform, according to one legislator with knowledge of negotiations but not authorized to talk on the record."
"“We have submitted a claim under (UNCLOS) sometime in late 2008. We got a reply from the UN lately (asking us) to answer some questions. They intend to pass a resolution sometime in mid-2012 to approve our claim (that it is) part of the Philippine continental shelf,” Environment Secretary Ramon Jesus Paje said, in a statement, after the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR) formally submitted its proposed P16.99-billion (US$40 million) budget for 2012 to the Senate finance committee."
"There is a pattern to the media cycle that is as predictable as the seasons. Before Anzac Day the press will be looking for stories of sacrifice by those who have served in the defence forces. During Melbourne Cup week, the jockey - largely ignored for most of the year - finds he is king of the airwaves. And during the quiet news periods of Christmas and Easter, church leaders have the opportunity to make headlines with their sermons and pronouncements."
"A few Sox fans–I say only a few because generally we fans are pretty open-minded, except for when we’re dealing with that New York team that begins with the letter Y–a few of the other denizens of our hotel were freaked out, but I’m clueless as to why. I mean how many of us non-furries buy cereal because it’s got a Tiger on the cover, or keep a furry mascot on our rearview mirror–and talk to it–or engage in long back and forth conversations with our dogs?"
"Two things, actually."
"Liberty has been discussing the growth of her toenails with me randomly for the past several days. Today, at lunch, she stated in her BIG IDEA voice, \"Mommy! I know! I can ask God to make my toenails stop growing and stay the same for always! Right, Mommy?!\""
"And on that note, I'm adding another aerobics day this week to work off all of the candy I snuck out of the kids' pumpkins over the last seven days."
"400m race - the anticipated race. Downing a banana for energy, I was placed in the third lane, right next to long-legged Oldham and long-breath Oldham. Pressure. According to Mr Alageasan, the one with the best timing is placed in the third lane. Huh? Me? Must be some mistake. It's long-breath Oldham, sir."
"Unfortunately for Amélie, her husband-to-be was admiring the beauty of a Mademoiselle de Roth. Oops! When he figured out his error, and saw Amélie, as exquisite as she was, her beauty paled in comparison to Mademoiselle de Roth. A circumstance beyond her control, the duc had a bad first impression, and never let go of that!"
"Twelve ferries and about 500 buses get all the runners to the start at an ungodly hour for a staggered race beginning that for many only gets underway after 10:00am (H. included). For an idea of the logistics involved, here are some fun statistics:"
"My latest beer obsession has been how there came to be ten varieties of Goldings hops in the National Hop Collection. To explain how this came to be I shall not only have to bore you about hop history, but plant physiology and selection methods as well. No whimpering at the back there."
"Blake gets involved with Marissa's heartache inadvertently. He takes a photo of a homeless woman who turns out to be Marissa's meth addicted mother. Her mother, Anne, isn't evil or bad; she is an addict whose addiction and sadness overwhelms her and her family. If someone is drowning, when do you try to save them? When do you concentrate on saving yourself?"
"As you can see, there are three rows of all seven colors of the rainbow. Across the top of each color, I hand-lettered the name of each: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet."
"Drag Reduction"
"Since that time I have painted in both oils and acrylics, done counted cross stitch, have been an avid quilter and still love to hand embroider."
"How did she know this? She was Jewish; she knew the Scriptures. She knew Jehovah-rapha from such scriptures as “I am Jehovah your healer” (Ex. 15:26 Masoretic Text), and “But to you who fear My name, the Sun of righteousness shall rise up and healing will be on His wings.” (Mal. 4:2 Masoretic Text)."
"A guy wouldn’t go shop for stupid shit with you unless he really wanted to spend time with you would he? I don’t get it, but I’m giving it time because realistically that’s all I can do."
"I had a big glass of wine (in addition to yummy soup and a wrap sandwich and a big mocha coffee), and while it didn’t hurt my driving-home any I feel somewhat hung-over this morning. (Or maybe it was just the kitten being all excited and/or sleeping on my legs much of the night.)"
"He was most excited about all the repins that happened once he posted these on pinterest. I have to admit that I'm impressed with his designs and enthusiasm for his projects, especially right now, when my energy level is so low."
"They know where it's at"
"1) For my patient, forgiving, and loving husband who recognized that momma needs a break. I am going to get away as much as a nursing baby will allow over the next two days. I.AM.GRATEFUL.AND.I.AM.EXCITED."
"through pain"
"Phreak: Guys, I have something really important to tell you."
"Some Sprouted Bread (“Ezekial” or “Man’s Bread”)"
"Nhlapo said: \"The department decided last year that instead of having one contractor dedicated to several hospitals, the call centre was a pool of contractors available around the clock - a huge improvement on the old system.\""
"It was really, really cool. As I said on my facebook page, I think I like this dating thing. It was very enjoyable."
"Partnership talks are due to resume tomorrow, as Prakash Ramadhar flies in to talk peace. Look out for more back pedalling and bicycle wining, look out for Ramadhar et al protecting their few remaining positions of power…look out for total surrender to the UNC after 2 weeks of grandcharge that lead to no where."
"Turn 4 sees the opponents enjoy a bit of the 1's as well, he makes a Go For It with his Hobgoblin and get's the 1 Reroll: 1 that is always popular."
"As promise wakens in the sleeping land:"
"I’ll do anything if I believe in it. But, I have to believe in it."
"Cheese Croquettes With Baked Goat &"
"Save Texas Schools Rally in Austin, Texas and the Education Rally in Fort Worth, Texas"
"MFR: “Manufacturer.”"
"Having three year olds makes you crazy and tired and neglectful of one's blog. But mostly it makes you thankful. I thought it fitting that I dust this old gem off on today of all days, me having a three year old now."
"I'm pretty darn excited about it, and last night Mike surprised me with tickets to the midnight showing on Thursday night! Now I'm planning my night around it! I won't be dressing up (although that would be awesomely fun!) but we are planning on going to the diner before hand and making a date night out of it!"
"“Lisa?”"
"Couldn’t be much more from the heart"
"Israeli is destined to die, the only question is when. Only a fascist hyena, or an ignoramus like Clegg, would confuse the people of Israel for the state. The state is a racist, apartheid state. It is destined for the funeral pyre and one can only hope that day comes soon. But like South Africa, the people we hope will devise new structures with which to live in peace and equality."
"This is a completely different experience from any other bike I’ve ever ridden. The Peugeot is a race horse, a real thoroughbred. It doesn’t have all the fancy equipment of a brand new road bike, but it’s light as a feather and it goes fast."
"So hopefully the I heart Market tomorrow is as buzzing as last time and that the weather cooperates (please rain, stay away until later in the day)."
"As I have written below, I have my own reservations about a culture of recommendation without careful analysis, but I seem to be being held up as one of Susan Hill's main supporters on positive reviewing (see the Guardian Arts blog). A real first for The Bitch: never before in her life has she been identified with 'simpering acolytes'."
"One encouraging sign, however, is that most of the perpetuals issued so far this year by companies such as Global Logistic Properties, Singapore Post and Olam International are trading well above their respective issue prices."
"73 posts and over 8000 views on, I would like to thank everyone who has taken the time to have a look at this little blog."
"This is all common sense. It doesn't mean it's easy--the little rise in my gorge tells me that each time. So what about externals?"
"I believe the Agri Business in Ireland produces over 8Bn / year for the Country and is growing.. . I know where I’d put my money, or, which industry I’d protect."
"The ARISE Positivity Cards iPhone and iPad, App is available at the ITunes store now for FREE. To download it FREE on your Android phones visit the Android Market. For more information or to purchase beautiful hard copies of these pocket sized positive communication tools, visit http://at-riskyouth.org/arise-positivity-cards/."
"I had a great testing surface as it was frozen slush, snow, and ice. I ran through these elements with ease....at least the snow and slush. It was just enough grip to have your foot land securely but not so much that you had to work harder to free your foot from the snow. Ice is its own demon, the Yaktrax definitely helped but you still need to be careful. There were a couple of spots where it was black ice on a downward slope and there was nothing to grip...I don't think anything helps in this situation. The other thing I noticed was that the coils didn't collect snow and slush. I wasn't sure if I would have to kick snow that got stuck in them during the run. I was pleasantly surprised. Maybe it was a fluke, but I haven't a chance to test this again."
"I love the High School Sex Ed class where the Instructor is actually demonstrating live Sex (with his wife) to the students but all the students are bored silly and are not paying attention and are looking out the window etc……that is classic stuff!"
"Mommy really really misses you buddy. I wish that you could be here and I could be tucking you in with your little sister. I know you know how much I love you but I just want to remind you again that I love you so so so much."
"1 laid"
"Her death was so final, there were no second chances or do-overs; it was a wakeup call and I was cut to the quick by it."
"The thing is, when I saw the contest, I wasn't going to enter. I looked at the agent's bio, and didn't think she was interested in fairy tales. But my husband, being the wise man he is, asked, \"Well what harm is done if you enter and don't win?\""
"The last week has been a total clusterfuck. (I know I said I would stop saying the f-word but the fetus can’t read, people. And I am TYPING, not SPEAKING.) I started out really excited because we were looking forward to our final ultrasound on Wednesday. I think that Baby L was even excited for us to see her because it seemed she did a constant happy dance for three days straight."
"Not the softest yet, but absolutely space saving and storage adding. To make them nice and cozy, we ran to Home Depot and had them cut down two pieces of MDF board; one the length of one Expedit, and one the length of one Expedit plus the distance from the end of the Expedit to the wall. Then, we went to JoAnn Fabric & Craft Store and purchased 2\" foam:"
"5x European top division top scorer"
"Michael Marshall Smith – Someone Else’s Problem"
"Two teen delinquents team up to overcome obstacles and attend college despite their lifelong gang leader rivalry."
"So here's a run down of some of what we tried:"
"Turns out, the office manager had gone to the warehouse (a walk across a street) and had announced that I “needed to get laid”. They were there, waiting to see if I would ask one of them home. Seriously. Nope. Not a joke. I was livid."
"If you’re feeling extreme abdominal and rib pain, and you’re in the later stages of pregnancy, then your baby is probably head up with his or her head close to or under your ribs. If you don’t have this pain, your baby is probably head down, not breech."
"Intellectualism: One of the three great threats to the LDS church. Usually preceded with “so-called.”"
"Or wasting my time"
"And darling ... remember, we are glamour girls ..."
"Today I’m sharing a JUST FOR FUN card…I rarely get to play just because these days (and that’s ok I’m not complaining…just stating LOL) and I picked this NEW Tiddly Inks digi stamp called “Wryn-Grow a Little Love”. This is a new character and she’s just adorable…Christy Croll always does the cutest lil’ images. I decided to make a card that’s appropriate for Valentine’s Day or Just Because!"
"And now MY princess is grown up and still maintaining her authority with her younger brothers, so she has effectively organised Sidekick's present this year. So that's two down."
"When we decided enough was enough, we came in, daddy was due very soon and I had done most of the washing up after my baking spree, so before I attempted the icing EJ wanted all 3 of us to go for a walk to “the stone”… for those that do not know, the stone is a very old Neolithic stone yet the age of it cannot be placed as yet, it was obviously used as an old gatepost at some point too but other than that we know nothing of its age to be totally honest."
"I once heard Bruce describe their first meeting on a windy, rainy Boardwalk night. He saw a giant black man approaching and discreetly stepped inside the doorway of a boarded up arcade. The figure stopped outside, looked in, reached out his hand and then:"
"Just because you might think the person acts in a way that you think they shouldn't, if they aren't actually doing something wrong- something that hurts someone, then stay the hell out of it. If you think it makes your god angry let your god worry about it. Until then, let them live their life how they want to, how they feel right and happy even if you think it is weird."
"Finding Makeup Schools"
"Inserting fruit up his arse …"
"Jesus will still bet there"
"Adds nice nutty flavor."
"It was very cute, and one of the few visual gags thrown in there for the non-Telugu speakers."
"And there’s prayer and meditation. No one will think less if you’re hanging with your breath seeking peace and salvation."
"“Four hundred point swings in the market used to be pretty rare,” Hughes said. “We’re in for more of the same in the next year.”"
"This holds all the ingredients together so that you can roll it up in a ball and cook it without it falling apart."
"10. San Diego Museum of Man"
"Middle Men 2009 Hindi Dubbed Movie Watch Online Full Movie"
"And that is the story of our Adoption Day."
"After choosing which costumes to make we the had to study them closely, viewing and pausing the scenes the clothes were in, in order to see details like pleating, bows, rear views etc."
"A ballad to end a hard rocking album with a peaceful acouctic touch."
"She: I am?"
"I have also spent a great deal of time with people who had at one time in their lives had thoughts and behavior that were so bizarre they were extremely frightening for their families and even themselves; they were diagnosed with schizophrenia and other psychoses, but have fully recovered and have been, for many years, leading productive lives. Among this population, I have not met one person whom I would not consider a major anti-authoritarian. Once recovered, they have learned to channel their anti-authoritarianism into more constructive political ends, including reforming mental health treatment."
"For instance, Will or Spirit is seen as an absolute base, animistic instinct, and reasoned or distinct thought. A rock is. It reacts a certain way to various forces, and will change appropriate to certain influences. It will and can do nothing less or more. An animal has the basic will to act and survive, to learn and adapt, but not to reason or make arbitrary decisions that are not based on meeting some basic need. People can decide a flying spaghetti monster exists, come up with the mythology around it, and then not only believe it, but come up with reasoned and rational arguments in that beliefs defense."
"“Christmas Eve—The Prologue…”"
"Israeli defense minister Ehud Barak made a point of telling some of his Labor Party colleagues that it wasn't a response to US pressure, just standard operating procedure...if you believe that,which I don't."
"I like to search according to publisher. While you may have some hits that are not the publisher (e.g., “Thomas Nelson Publishers” will yield some hits with authors of that name), it is the quickest way to find books by particular publishers that are either reduced in price or even free. Some Christian publishers to check are:"
"That's probably enough. Until tomorrow..."
"The LORD, the God of gods, has spoken; *"
"Using a 1/2 tbsp measuring spoon scoop out the dough and make balls."
"From the outset, the sudden blast of frenetic drumming, dense bass and flurries of guitar notes is like waking up in the middle of a cyclone. Listen to this and realize that you can get atmosphere, psychedelia and experimentation without sacrificing energy."
"I am giving away this image, Birthday Cake Mouse to one lucky winner who leaves a comment on this post before the close of the blog hop on April 6th at 9 a.m. central time. If you would like a chance to win this cutie, be sure to leave your email address in your comment so that I have a way to contact you."
"I’m sure He knows."
"Paymar is a co-founder of the well known (some would say \"infamous\") Duluth Domestic Abuse Intervention Project."
"Transfer the cheesecake to a serving platter and sprinkle with the toppings."
"John Milton's best known work is 'Paradise Lost' but the lovely poem above was written when he was a student at Christ's College in Cambridge."
"The first is a bit of a prequel focusing on Chime, one of the series main character's good friends who went through something of a change before The Cloud Roads opens. \"Adaptation\" is the story of how Chime went from being a Mentor in the Raksura community to its newest Warriors. Quite a thing when you develop wings nearly overnight. Definitely a must-read for those who have read the first book. The second is also a prequel. \"The Forest Boy\" is about the starring character Moon from a time when he was very young and very alone."
"Then I was planning to take a picture similar to this:"
"I find cooking to be very relaxing. A creative endeavor which always calms and soothes. Your hands get busy, your mind wanders and the senses take over. And, in the end, you are rewarded with something tangible, edible, shareable. It’s a wonderful feeling of accomplishment."
"“… the natural man does not accept the things of the Spirit of God; for they are foolishness to him, and he cannot understand them, because they are spiritually appraised.” (1Cor.2:14)"
"These cookies were delicious, melt-in-your mouth and so buttery. The full recipe called for a full pound of butter and that scared the bujeesus out of me so I cut the recipe in half. The halved recipe (below) still made a substantial amount of cookies but if you want/need more, then just double it. The fun thing about this cookie is that you can roll the chilled dough in non-pareils, or colored sugar and coordinate with any holiday or celebration that you need. I used blue sprinkles for half of the dough and rolled the other half in raw sugar. It's not necessary but it adds a nice textural element to the tender cookie and it makes them extra pretty. The dough can be made ahead of time, then when you're ready for them, just slice and bake."
"1 - 1 1/4 cups milk"
"Jennyh_97236@yahoo.com"
"But once you do, you’ll know how right at home he feels there. And why he chose Red Rooster."
"■19% said being kept abreast of the organisation’s financial outlook"
"now on that piece of string."
"We needed to find a home for stuffed toy bears which the grandchildren all seem to want to take to bed with them when visiting, plus a wombat, a penguin and Tanya's earless lamb, and now they're keeping the top shelf dust free."
"I hope you all have an amazing Christmas and get to spend lots of time with your loved ones!"
"No, my life isn’t in perfect shape, but I’m working on it. And that’s what really matters. Whether you label it assholery, evolutionary retardation or simply the human condition is extraneous. What matters is what you’re trying to do about it."
"It just drives me insane when people don’t do the right thing. How hard is it to apologize? If I hit someone’s car, I’d SAY something."
"We will post more information as it becomes available."
"I wonder how many homeowners come to grief when they rack an empty 12 gauge and nothing happens? Or when they are unwilling to do the follow through after they rack it?"
"1 haul"
"How do you see yourself as a band in comparison to others inside and outside of Hongdae? Do you feel that you are getting bigger or do you still feel just the same?"
"Even as adults the various terms for vagina and vulva are generally seen as crude and used as a harsh insult, whereas nob and prick are fairly jocular terms of abuse. The only good thing about all this is that I see it as the sign of a great night ahead if someone uses the C word in a lighthearted way the first time I meet them."
"We see some stuff where these doctors are doing brain surgery on him for no reason and insert a pin into his brain…it’s never referenced again, so hey, it fits right into this asinine abomination of the silver screen."
"I forgot to take a picture of this, so I encourage you all to take pictures of yours and share them with me at your earliest convenience. :)"
"I even have two folders full of papers to be shredded. (And the shredder probably needs to be emptied, but that’s another story.)"
"The second hour was led by Germaine, who I had the pleasure of meeting that morning. Her hour of the ride was tough, but I was at the peak of my energy for the day and I pushed through it!"
"Let me rephrase: I don’t particularly enjoy writing for an audience."
"After you've decided on the number of blocks you will be making cut 4\" squares from each color to equal the total amount needed. For instance, for the 12 block size you chose 4 colors plus a \"pop\" color, so cut three 4\" squares from each fabric and one 4\" squares from your \"pop\" color for a total of 13 squares (12 squares divided by 4 fabrics = 3 squares from each and 1 from \"pop\" of color)."
"minimizes its negative impact on exclusive breastfeeding\"."
"Does anyone else do something similar?"
"Real Ale Morgul Ale- Another recent addition to the Mysterium Verum line. Our Porter (sans coffee) aged in Kentucky bourbon barrels for 7 months - ABV 5.6%"
"From This...."
"This last weekend I was lucky enough to see this beautiful"
"It is anarchy, but it works."
"As an instructor, I have found that people love to see before and after, or step-by-step progressions. Frequently I will have one page with the black & white image, and a colored version next to it. If you don't have too many pieces in your portfolio, then this is also a good way to fill up space."
"***How are my reading goals going, you ask?"
"J - Job: building care taker"
"This photo came into my Facebook feed last week. My reaction: “I’m not making things up. I’m experiencing things that you scientists haven’t figured out how to explain—yet."
"When you allow another to get close to you there is an etheric thread of light attached from them to you. Ask Archangel Michael to wave his mighty sword of light and cut the cords that bind you to the past, to lower frequencies, past relationships and thoughts that no longer serve you. This can help you break an undesired cycle that you now feel it is time to get out of. You have the gift and it is time to move on."
"Finally a call came from an unexpected place. A Salvation Army major wanted to meet with my wife and me. He told us that a Salvation Army corps (church) had been closed a few years before and he wanted to reopen it. However, because traditional church hadn’t worked in that place, he wanted it to be different. His word was “nontraditional.” He asked if my wife and I could start something different."
"The dying echoes"
"\"Finkelstein\" is German/Yiddish for sparkling stone or gemstone. Judge Finkelstein seems to think he's one. Britain has a similar inquiry into the press that is still ongoing -- under Lord Justice Leveson. One hopes its recommendations will be less Fascistic"
"Maybe by the time you read this, Korin, I will have won the lottery and called you with your ticket info. :) Maybe we're already baguetting it up, girlie."
"It is time for large publishers to stop paying out exorbitant advances to fading TV celebrities for a quick return. It is time for publishers to start reconnecting with the reader as well as their authors. It is time the publishers took back the business of publishing from the hands of wholesalers and high street retailers."
"Recommendation 38 which requests the” power to permit prosecution after acquittal where fresh and viable evidence is presented” and the citizen loses legal safeguards and the state can prosecute repeatedly until it gets the right verdict."
"We basically spent all Friday afternoon telling the movers where to put things and getting our washer and dryer and internet set up. (Oh yeah, I don't know if I mentioned this before or not but we've decided NOT to get cable TV...we did without it for a year in Ann Arbor, and we really want to try to be as active as possible while living here...so basically it's just going to be Hulu/Netflix from here on out...we'll see how this goes...) I did have the chance to do some driving around on Friday afternoon when I went to go pick up some lunch, and thankfully there are some stores really close to us! Also there are sidewalks and bike lanes EVERYWHERE so I could easily walk or bike to do errands which is something that I couldn't do in South Carolina. I was basically just driving around in awe of how behind all the normal suburban trappings like Home Depot and Red Robin, there are these beautiful snowy mountains! And my heart skipped a beat when I saw this..."
"Chickweed helps any form of internal inflammation. It is used for lung conditions and great for coughs and colds. It is a blood purifier and absorbs toxins from the bowls. It dissolves plaque in the blood vessels and more. Now that’s what I call a wonder weed!"
"Seeking power and election, our politicians and pundits on both sides are capitalizing on the people’s discontent and unscrupulously degrading the honesty of public discourse. The dangerous effect is the erosion of our national solidarity. If left unchecked, this antagonistic version of populism—so anathema to our Constitution’s moderated understanding of a government for the people—is prone to devolving further into the politics of fear mongering, radicalism, extremism, and xenophobic nationalism, which historically descend further into violence and anarchy."
"Holding an impossible dream"
"DW: (laughs) Thanks. No problem man."
"The DVD of The September Issue is being released on the 23rd. When I saw it in the theater last year, I was frustrated by its overemphasis on the editorial process and its glossing over of moments that could've proved to be liminal and profoundly revealing of its central character. Although it was interesting to see Anna Wintour's selection process and the actual construction of a September Vogue issue, the subtext of the whole film was, supposedly, to provide insight into what makes Ms. Wintour function, and even -- some might say -- to humanize her."
"\"He walked out of the house to go to the store. He was going to the store,\" she said."
"When someone like Eric Holder, after weeks of threatening to litigate against Arizona's immigration law, tells a congressional committee that he hasn't had time to read its 15 pages, and then compounds that lie by refusing to acknowledge that radical Islam might even partially explain the peculiar behavior of Major Hasan, along with the underwear bomber and the Times Square terrorist, you realize that the only person scarier than the attorney general is the psychopath who appointed him."
"Tied in with the story of Willa and Paxton and how their friendship develops is the story of their grandmothers as young women. I was a bit reminded of The Divine Secrets of the YA Ya Sisterhood but this is far better written, I have to say. You get such an amazing sense of place and time through her descriptions and the way the young women came up with a society to strengthen themselves and yet how now, things have changed and the society has become something so very different."
"Watching: the recorder, the lover, goddess as part"
"Excuses can be developed in the work life, social life, and even in our own personal lives. However, there is no difference in the consequence. By not holding ourselves accountable for our actions (or lack thereof), we are doing nothing more than crippling our abilities. Of course there are things that we all don’t want to do, and we all make mistakes, but whatever the excuse is, it’s not helping us learn. These are the most common types of excuses:"
"Easy A is the story of high school student Olive who does a little favor for a friend. You see, he's gay and in high school. That means he's tortured. She pretends that she had sex with him, and gains a reputation because of it. Actually, Olive gains two reputations. Reputation #1: The geeks, nerds and dweebs of the school have learned that they can pay her to not have sex with them to raise their rating in the school. Reputation #2: People now obviously think Olive is a slut, a tramp, a skank, a ho. This causes a few complications in her life, as one can imagine."
"And yet there is a mystery too - it is the process by which we move through language by instinct, as though we were almost asleep but knew by a kind of sixth sense where the furniture was and where the doors and windows are. That is the part that cannot be taught, except in that one may point out that such a process, such a space, actually exists and that there are ways of getting through it, finding your way about, ways of living in that space and animating it.."
"Pity Bryan Cowen. Last June Ireland voted to reject the Lisbon Treaty to reform the European Union by 53% to 47%, the only member state to have done so. The government has proposed holding a second referendum later this year. Another defeat would be incalculable in terms of our loss of influence, standing and friends in Europe at a time when we need the EU more than ever. This is one vote the Taoiseach cannot afford to lose."
"it only got one fang into my thumb thanks to the angle."
"A, I do love you. Always will I think. Not the kind of love to move mountains obviously...and lately, I'm not sure if I'm capable of such love. Perhaps not. Perhaps, I am also selfish. I gave up as soon as you did. But I've learnt from the past, that holding on to something.. and being the only one to hold on to it..is incredibly stupid. And lets not even get into the heartache that comes from that. I can't. I can't let my heart break for you again. It barely survived before."
"Like John, I try not to use adverbs either, but I'm sure if the editor made me pay a nickel for every one I used, she'd probably be able to pay for a nice steak dinner."
"Wooden skewers- 5, broken in halves"
"RailCorp accepts Mr CG was not offered employment because of his criminal record. But it disputes this constituted discrimination. It said his criminal record made him unable to perform the inherent requirements of the job."
"optional ingredients to add."
"They're Back From The Grave and Ready To Party!"
"* CARROT CURE - If your skin has broken out, skip the oatmeal scrub and try this healing alternative: Finely grate one medium carrot in the blender, and smooth it over your skin. Rinse and follow with the honey-yogurt mask. Carrots are rich in vitamin A, a powerful antiseptic that fights acne. Take that!"
"When I come home from work, I usually strip off my jewelry and toss it in a decorative container on a table by the front door. The wooden container also collects things like lipstick, keys, cell phones, and sunglasses. Our curious kitten, Yoda, has found that the container is full of fun playthings."
"Boy, I'm chatty."
"Thank you for calling in to see me . Thank you if you left a comment to let me know you have been .And I hope you liked the card ."
"The label gives some info--the date of the recipe, and the alcohol percentage, which I missed. It also features a crown on the neck ring, which I learned later alludes to the brewery's founding by Hapsburg royalty back in 1856. But even then it was not the king of beers--rather, the archduke. (According to Wikipedia, it was actually called Żywiec Archducal Brewery--perhaps the only one that ever existed.)"
"Rewarded for clubbing 200 opponents in the beer battle = The title “Clubber”."
"“A million bucks”"
"The content of this post is copyrighted to Hayden Fletcher 2012. Reproduction of any of the material is strictly prohibited without the author’s written permission or love."
"Lesson 27 Vocabulary Words (5/2 to 5/5)"
"Day 3: At Sea"
"I give this book 2.8 out of 5 due to the lack of depth of the characters and the flow of the book but the strong story line that makes me want to continue reading the series just to find out what happens to our sexy Warriors."
"Now dont get me wrong….this thing connects to the phone no problem (I am using a blackberry bold) and the internal speaker is suppurb. I would give that alone 5 stars. It is crystal clear, on both ends of the call. And really that is the meat and potatos of this device."
"pray continually"
"one day they smiled and said: “Hello”."
"Drunken Angel"
"Peter looked over at Abelle and desperately wanted to say something but could not due to the effects of the drug. Still wearing the robe, she just smiled back down at him touching Jennifer’s shoulder and whispering something in her ear. Jennifer quickly finished the phone call and bent down towards Peter getting just inches away from his face."
"Well, remember that we've been thinking about it for over 1.5 years."
"It was a compliment to Eddie and Choo’s professional skills. Each time Malaysian leaders threatened to cut off our water supply, I was reassured that this clear and solemn international undertaking by the Malaysian government in its Constitution will get us a ruling by the UNSC (United Nations Security Council)."
"And Everything was fully hers for the making."
"half cup of minced fresh parsley"
"Christians need to be strategic, thoughtful, deliberate and shrewd."
"We got our measurements wrong and were left with about 3 extra inches of tile with no table top to put it on...uh oh!"
"Superficially"
"december 1! how does it happen? that means there's only a little over 3 weeks until christmas. i'm not ready. we got our tree last friday. it's still bare of ornaments. we were going to decorate it last night and then got sidetrack by this..."
"the night before the BIG day"
"The geography strikes me – Jesus had to walk just a few miles to be in a very harsh desert. And I thought to myself how this is sometimes true in our lives – one moment things seem fine, and then all of a sudden we’re in a crisis. For the Badras and the Gibes (DQW’s note – these are St. Tom’s families who recently lost a child), all it took was one phone call about their child to break their hearts and turn their world upside down. For others it’s a lab report to confirm an illness, or a request to see their supervisor and learn they no longer have a job. Or they leave their house and come back to find out it’s on fire. There’s not much distance between “everything’s going fine” and a crisis; it doesn’t take much time to move from a peaceful prayer or a religious “high” on retreat to a catastrophe that radically changes our lives."
"You couldn’t get a better version of a young Basdeo Panday (sorry Mickela) this week when you heard Mooni talking about ‘Generation Vex’, a slur on Generation Next who is the Panday slate in the upcoming UNC internal elections. Similar to Bas’s penchant of saying ‘corpse’ when referring to the COP, Mooni forgot his party mantra about ‘everyone having the democratic right to seek election into office’ and could only say ‘vex’ and how they have meetings with 10 people under a shed and a few stray dogs."
"But how is this information collected? Today’s Daily Q asks: What exactly do lobbyists and clients have to disclose about their activities and spending?"
"Title: Rapture Ready!: Adventures in the Parallel Universe of Christian Pop Culture"
"Pay: $10/hour"
"“What we need to realize is that this is not just a problem occurring somewhere else, in another state, but it’s happening right here, in our small towns, in urban areas, in communities all across Oklahoma,” said Humphrey. “Last year this same program featured a home in Muskogee, and soon will focus on a home in Edmond. These are often last ditch efforts to save a person’s home from being condemned, to save them from losing their children, their spouses, their loved ones and animals. We need to become more educated and aware of this largely hidden phenomenon before it becomes deadly or causes a health risk to neighbors.”"
"I am nearly 60 pounds lighter than I was that day. I am curious to see how I react . What are my feelings this time? I doubt I will stand in the background as I did last June… I doubt that I will have trouble resisting the nosh that will be passed around… Still self-image is hard to change in just 50 or 60 pounds… Scars are still raw…."
"In addition to the paintings and photographs displayed on the railings, artists with 3-dimensional work, sculpture, ceramics, textiles and jewellery will be able to display their work in the vicinity of the Leas Cliff Hall with the kind permission of the management."
"It really is amazing to see these fertility goddesses side by side. They all have the same symbolism; just from different times and different places. Most all have a serpent of some kind. We all know what that represents. Here is an interesting take from a secular point of view---"
"However, to make sure that every family who participates in a fundraiser benefits, I will guarantee you at least $10 toward your adoption, even if not a single person shops your fundraiser. Yes, that is a donation on our part, but we want to support those who are adopting, even as we are supported. We are not Bystanders. We believe in blessing others, and believing that God will ultimately provide for all. So many people I read about in blogs are looking for ways to earn money. And every dollar counts! If you're one of those people that needs every dollar, we want to help."
"Why did you hit your sister?"
"Curves Class Scallop Quilt"
"(psst! I may get fingerprinted tomorrow as a walk in for our I 800 A application! Someone I just heard about who went in early got their approval back a week later! Let's see what God has in store!)"
"At every child’s bedtime."
"On that basis, and until Mr Anwar can produce something concrete for the court, the appeal was going to be dealt with as it stood."
"Speak up for standards – carry copies of Free Beach Etiquette – report criminal activity to police"
"Also gone was pretty much every picture I’ve ever taken with my digital camera. Including every picture I took when I was with my ex fiancé."
"SUM Function"
"Most everything in this jewellery store was out of my price range (but I did buy a gorgeous charm for my charm bracelet). Why did we visit? I like \"firsts\" and this company is the oldest jeweller in North America. I am such a magpie, so just ogling the wares was fun, but I also like a bit of \"everyday\" history. Sure, sites dedicated to monumental events are important, but this store represents a tiny bit of ordinary history and that is interesting to me. Plus, they are home to the gurgling cod."
"2nd pic: Rum & raisin and peony tea!"
"The ACC recommendation is not required to be implemented by the board. It is simply a recommendation for the board to consider, nothing more. The board is not required to seek a community vote on the clubroom remodel and they have the authority to start the project without delay, or not."
"(Christmas mass is included in price)"
"Plus, when you’re feeling like you’re going to die, more often than not, the Bodyrock gang is breathing heavy, too. Makes me feel good to know that I’m not the only one!"
"It was here that I first became acquainted with the Countess of Segur, Mark Twain, Louisa M. Alcott, Robert Lawson, and so many other excellent writers. I doubt that I would be the same person I am today if it hadn't been for that key, that place, those books. When, a few months later, the library was officially reopened, I was distraught! My kingdom was no longer my own, my refuge was taken from me. Or so I felt. I was rather a selfish child then, though not in a malicious way. I did not know anyone else who loved books as I did and truly believed that no one else would enjoy them as I did. I am sure now that I was wrong."
"I waited in the hallway for them to come back so that I could see if they needed help, I still had not gone to my apartment yet, I felt a bit sensitive about their situation & I wanted to offer my help without offending them or anything; but I think that I heard Flynn saying something as they were walking back to their apartment, that caused me to decide to avoid having them see me & so I walked off to hide."
"Tolstoy Schoeman had farmed in the area for 46 years and had helped in building up the local town. His traumatised widow remains in hospital."
"This information states clearly that Obama’s father was NEVER a U.S. Citizen."
"J died easily. His wife would not be so lucky."
"And for the design commitment-phobics out there these decals are 100% REMOVABLE. I posted about Tempaper which also promises re-positionable wall design here. But I'm really loving the Blik designs much more. Not only are there a ton of them, they are all gorgeous thanks to their collaborations with some amazing artists like Keith Haring, SCAD, Amy Ruppel and even Threadless (the tshirt company!)"
"* I always assumed it stopped due to my wings being clipped by stress and practical matters. But now I’m forced to consider that perhaps I stifled my imagination my self by dulling my mind and not giving it room to stretch."
"On another front, I was away in Las Vegas for a week attending a family wedding and left my son to tend the garden in my absence. After about five or six days he decided to peek inside the cucumber bush to see if anything was ready for picking. At right you can see his one day harvest. When I first bought the cucumber plant, its tag said the mature fruit would be about six inches long. The tape measure along the bottom of the photo tells you these cukes are a lot bigger than six inches and these aren't even the largest ones that have been picked. I picked one that measured 11 inches long and another that was 9 inches long. The largest was nearly as thick as my arm. The one in the picture at left was as long as my forearm and they are all sugar sweet. The tomatoes pictured are only a fraction of what's still on the vine and the size of what's to come is enormous. I've been eating fresh cukes and tomatoes on a daily basis and loving every bite. I only fertilize when I first plant so I can't say that I'm doing anything particularly special to get such outstanding results. I'm beginning to think my earthworms are pooping steroids into the garden."
"tired tonight."
"I waited for almost a week, then opened the house and took out the abandoned nest and washed the house. The very next day... yesterday... I came downstairs to the pecking sound of bluebirds pecking on the window and much agitation. Male and female, flying back and forth from the house to the feeder to the windowsill. I don't think these are the same bluebirds that just vacated the premises with their baby as they are supposed to stay with him in the woods for at least a few weeks. Hopefully, it is a new pair.. more mature (although this head butting against the window behavior does not indicate any maturity to the female who continually chatters at him while he is doing it) and perhaps they will build another nest and raise another family. I hope so. I still have mealworms left."
"Hey again & today (or should I say tonight - its actually 5 in the morning & I'm up posting cause I can't sleep!) Anyhow - I've another Magnolia Christmas card here using one of the older Tilda images, but still a really great image..."
"“Nonsense!” I exclaimed. “They would make mincemeat of the Taliban! Witch combat has come a long way since the days of the Roman Empire, when they charged into battle naked with their tits painted blue. I’ve met some of these English witches and they impressed me hugely with their supple-bodied cunning.”"
"Unquestionably, the big publishing news of the week was the US Department of Justice's lawsuit filing against Apple and five major book publishers--Penguin, Macmillan, Hachette, HarperCollins, and Simon and Schuster--for alleged ebook price fixing."
"We agreed to meet at a pizza place which was close to both of us. Despite being more nervous than a ho in a nunnery and taking about 5 hours to do my hair and make-up and choose a suitable outfit, I got there first. It had already been decided that I would have an umbrella with me which he could recognise me by ... romantic huh? No long stemmed, red rose for this gal, just a cheap brolly with a handle shaped vaguely like a bear's head. It was as disturbing as it sounds."
"Where does it end? If we are bad parents for allowing alcohol to influence the coffers of the school treasury what else can we do? Can we sell chocolates to raise money? Nup. Fat kids. How about raffle tickets? Nup. Short step from ‘3 tickets for $5’ to ‘Honey I Blew The Grocery Money On A Sure Thing at The TAB’. What about hot cross buns? Don’t upset the Muslims. Or the fat kids."
"Vanderbilt has previously claimed that the issue was not about religious freedom. As Beth Fortune, vice chancellor for public affairs at the university, previously told told the Washington Post “This debate is about nondiscrimination, not religious freedom, and we stand behind our policy.”"
"Far Guy got a new lumberjack shirt. His volunteer uniform consists of jeans, a red and black checked flannel shirt, a hat to match, suspenders and red socks peeking above his boots. Others participating in the program will be dressed in costumes. They asked me who I was coming as..I replied..plain old me. I wanted to sew a Prairie Dress over the winter..but it was just one of those things that never got done. Me and sewing with a machine is a real stretch of my imagination."
"You KNOW that you have to start again. Well ... you don't have to, of course. You can choose to just barrel on."
"Exciting times at Chez Joy."
"At least two other travel providers are vying to offer Cuba flights from Tampa, including Air MarBrisa and Island Travel & Tours, Ltd."
"Scott (Lee) has since had a baby with her new 'partner', Jonathan Clark, 29. Some blokes will shag anything as is obvious from this sad story. If this split arse had kept her legs shut like any decent self respecting female would have done she wouldn't have caught a dose in the first place."
"See Aryeh Deri above."
"Blowout retail sales figures have futures humming this morning and Europe is rebounding as relief is coming to Spanish yields for the moment. Thursday’s Spanish debt auction is the highlight and would expect the ECB to step up its bond purchases to prepare for the inevitable Spanish default."
"Roll the enchilada tightly, and place it into a 9X11 glass baking dish."
"I was lucky enough to see two different mekes. The traditional Fijian meke (dance) is a fierce, war-like affair danced with spears and machetes. The men stomp, leap, charge, and yell, giving me the impression that a Fijian warrior would not be someone to tangle with lightly. In classic Fijian style, we saw the meke danced at our “resort” on Taveuni, by the uncle and cousins of our divemaster. Everyone in Fiji is related within a region, it seems."
"So, now on to more fun stuff . . ."
"\"He had a profound contempt for those whose overriding ambition was to be rich. It was a mania, he thought, a kind of disease, and he comforted himself with the reflection that the rich were rarely happy\""
"I warmed up with the KenpoX warmup (today was KenpoX day anyway)...then did The Chrissy. And...omg.....knocked TEN minutes off my time last month. My time is still not one for the record books...and will still very likely ensure that I am the last person done at the training....but I knocked 10 freaking minutes off of it!"
"He can't stop staying exactly the same"
"My car started to develop an intermittent fault where the dashboard wouldn't work - all the dials stayed at zero no matter what! Scared the hell out of me the first time it did it but I soon found that a \"reboot\" (switch ignition off/on again) cleared the fault. Smoothing capacitor I thought, power glitches, nothing serious as it never did this while driving only started in a funny state. I planned to leave it to the next service to fix."
"My recovery was pretty intense and I guess I never really thought about that part of the process. I was too worried about the whole labor part that I completely neglected worrying about the recovery. Guess it worked out in my favor because it's not like I needed anything else to stress over! I will say my whole body was sore from pushing for about a week, my lower region was very tender for about the first week after, and that there's a lot of blood. Basically everything this post mentions is the perfect explanation. It's so real and true to life. Eventually I was able to get around pretty easily and was back to normal pretty quickly. As of two weeks postpartum I have lost about 25 pounds of about 30 that I gained. I'm pretty pleased with that number."
"Fun, right? Those are the closest things we have to pets right now... I feel like I should give them names or something :)"
"After several hours and thousands of fabrics I managed to find some great new prints that I can get to work on creating new color schemes with. I need NEW colors in my life!"
"What’s unsympathetic in Guy comes from Granger’s performance--the shifting eyes, the impatient, petulant tone, the “everything happens to me” attitude he brings to so much of what happens; and that choice shows great nerve on Granger’s part. Given a role of ambiguous morality, he increases the questions about the character, rather than trying to emphasize the good-Guy qualities."
"Many writers can't resist saddling minor characters with real but unusual surnames. I've encountered the English surname \"Gotobed\" at least a hundred times in novels without ever bumping up against it in the real world. This is never laden with meaning; the writers have simply been amused by the name, and decided they needed to use it someday, somehow, for something. (It always knocks me out of the story by making me think of the Monty Python skit featuring a fellow named Smoketoomuch.)"
"I participated in Bountiful Baskets for the first time a couple of weeks ago. One of things I got was apples. I love to eat apples, but unfortunately these weren't the best eating apples. They were a little sour and didn't have much flavor."
"Janathon has reached it's end."
"Secondly, some of you may read Kendra's (Grandmother Goddess of the Garden) blog Barely Controlled Chaos. This woman was touched by Mimi's and Julian's story. She felt that Mimi, Michelle from My Semblance of Sanity, and I should meet in person and she made that a reality. She was able to get all three of us tickets to Oprah's show! Mimi, Michelle, and I have been busy making our plans to meet up in Chicago for the show. And then today I got an email from Kendra's daughter. It said that she was in the hospital and had just had emergency brain surgery to remove a tumor earlier this week. She was diagnosed with mestastatic lung cancer. :*( This was a huge shock to her. Anyway, please keep Kendra in your thoughts/prayers."
"She sighed. “What about that nice blouse that Grandma Joan got you for Christmas?” She sighed again and studied my shoes. “And I could lend you my silver heels. Those would really make an impression.”"
"1 T. lemon juice"
"She seemed quite happy doing this until I noticed that she’d moved all the toys into a little pile and was walking around them, face blank, just walking around. She didn’t respond to my voice but she did to a bear hug and a cuddle."
"-Cam"
"50. Possession - A. S. Byatt"
"- a cup a day"
"I have been neglecting my writing here terribly. My visits to all of you, dear friends, have been in the last weeks sporadic at the very best, for which I very much apologize. I am running out of time - yes, that precious time I have left with the man I love endlessly, until our temporary but impending separation comes the month of May. My life is currently in the most profound and fulfilling state I can ever recall, thus my attention these days is directed elsewhere and is forcing me (in a welcomed way) to take an extended blog break."
"Like a gift dropped into my lap an idea came to me. It partly came from a conversation I had with my massage therapist who was pushing a doctor friend who is 42 and single into my preview. I politely declined her invitation to mention my name. I’m not ready for that. But she told me how he had spent his early career on the mission field and now realized he was lonely and wanted a family. I emphasized to her that I was definitely not her gal then. Been there done that."
"The prophet Eli was raising up Samuel and I was left with the impression that he was doing a good job with Samuel but not his sons. God got tired of him allowing this sin to continue and told him so. Then when God addressed Eli He made it clear that the house of Eli was coming down and yet it took 3 more generations until it happened."
"Boat Quest 4: The Final Two Items"
"~Maybelline one by one mascara"
"It's fun to try and visualize"
"We passed the letters back and forth in study hall."
"Bad day x 1: I sat down with Zoomer this morning to give him one of his pills. He had woofed his cookies on the loveseat during the night. I found it with my butt. Wearing shorts. Welcome to MY world, lol!"
"Department: IS&T"
"My pictureless blogs"
"...Which made me realize that I have really never been anywhere outside of the US of A. (Besides Paris one time...!) So I made myself a list of cities I need to get myself to, ASAP - St. Petersburg is one of them (& not JUST because of J. Crew...) stay tuned for more soon ;)"
"O.G. is 1.062"
"Why…..because if Papa Gino’s or Domino’s or whatever made a singing video with Andrea Bocelli singing about pizza with a bunch of pepperonis dancing around I personally wouldn’t be offended because I’m Italian. Unless of course those pepperonis were dressed in colorful Italian clothing or were portrayed as Mafia pepperonis……………."
"I'm dreaming it."
"Down on the Farm"
"Corinne has been home with Baby G for a couple weeks now, and is getting to experience the social storm from every person in their life lining up to meet this new little light in her life. It's exciting to be around energy like this, big toothy smiles, and loud laughs, and that great silence. That silence that falls over a room when all eyes are fixed on this little tiny person discovering his new world and everyone zones out in awe of life. Corinne definitely has the new mom glow, and the connection these two had was unreal. Baby G is a calm cucumber and I am sure that came in handy on the 30 hour trip home. He has a great laugh, a sweet cry, and he looks you all the way through. I can't wait to see this kid grow up. He is so cool already."
"That would be the Dewey Decimal System. The groups’ members were librarians. Or, in some cases, guybrarians. “He hates being called that,” said Sarah Murphy"
"5. Some writers relate take great inspiration from music while they’re writing. Do you listen to music while you’re writing? If so, what artists/bands do you like to listen to while you write?"
"Q: How long have you been a Superfine Dinette?"
"What a role model I am."
"It's Ok..."
"Thanks so much~ENJOY the trailor and catch it on NBC, Friday Dec 2nd 8/7c~;-))"
"I offered to loan Eamon my postcards. For the second time lately he said, \"You're very generous\" but didn't want to see them because they would depress him. In his youth Eamon ran copy and proofs for the ads for all the merchants and nobody knows better than he how much has disappeared."
"I recently did a “run” with about 20,000 of my closest friends. I thought I’d hop in and have fun, enjoy the scenery, then call it a day. Now, I’m using the term “run” instead of run because the temperatures that descended upon the pack that day did not allow for too much running. The temperature at the finish line was close to 90 degrees – a completely dangerous situation for people who thought they were going to run that day."
"» plug & play via Apple Bonjour, wireless-LAN"
"Last weekend I was signed up to run the 30k race at PCTR's Pirates Cove. The plan then was to run those 18+ miles at race pace then running another 20+ miles on Sunday at a slower pace. However I decided a couple of days before the event that because the weather was going to be bad I would just do the bulk of my mileage on Saturday so I had less to run on Sunday. This was the main reason why I moved up to the 50k distance on race day."
"Using one of those dismissive hand gestures they teach in cop school, he indicated he had something to say."
".... of a London Bus - no not the big behind (well that could be debatable!!) no the reason is that you can wait and wait and wait and then two come along at once!! This is my second post of the day (so do scroll down to see the first one!) - and the reason... well I just had to join in with this week's Less is More challenge which is Week 64 - How Charming...."
"A lot of people on my mothers side, probably suffer from some kind of mood disorder, my Grandmother being one of them. Not much was known about this type of thing in time for it to help her, but Grandma had some money, so she was considered eccentric, rather than crazy."
"There was also a slight stomach problem and by slight, I mean at mile 21 it must have looked like someone turned a faucet at the back of my head to full blast and it wouldn't stop. I'm pretty sure it was the Gatorade (it just hasn't been the same since they dropped the Tiger formula), the extra time on the boat, the steak dinner the night before, the ginger pills I took to avoid getting seasick, the cookie I ate at mile 14, and the lack of sleep (I forgot to mention that we stayed at the 2nd oldest hotel in California and it was described as cute and quaint which are code words for small and old and the walls were paper-thin, I think they actually used paper instead of drywall back when they built this thing, but they did have coffee and bananas laid out for the runners at 4 AM which made up for a lot). I tried to keep everything down and I kept telling myself to hold it in, but positive self-talk only goes so far, sometimes you've just got to puke. A lot of people passed me as I was doing my best to fertilize the side of the trail, and most ignored me which was nice, some gave me some words of encouragement, which was also nice, but one guy said something rude like come on, or nice, but it wasn't what he said, it was the way he said it that really pissed me off, which was a good thing because I made it my goal to catch the guy and pass him, which I am happy to say that I did."
"United Breweries - UB Group Kingfisher Blue"
"Fan you into despair! Have the power still"
"92. So Much Closer Susane Colasanti"
"I plan to stop breast feeding in a month or two. I gave it my best shot, but ever since the Mastitis/Cellulitus incident my supply has been low. It got increasingly lower for whatever reason (LCs and OB are blaming PCOS), and right now I'm barely making half what he needs. I'm getting to the point where I feel like the negatives of this situation are outweighing any benefits. I'm frustrated. I've done Fenugreek, Goat's Rue, Mother's Love Special Blend, Reglan, power pumping... and I'm still only making about 2oz a pumping session. It really doesn't seem worth it some days. So my old goal was to breast feed until one year, but my new goal is to make it to three months... maybe four. I feel like there are just so many negatives to this situation right now though. I don't have any time, I feel like I'm always chained to the pump, I get frustrated easier because of that, I don't make nearly enough anyway, also it hurts, and I can't do what I need to for my own health. I don't want to quit, but at the same time I am beyond ready to."
"So, hopefully I will be back in the land of crafting and blogging soon, I have so many pretty stamps begging to be played with, it's killing me!"
"Yeah, there are. And those are not accessible, either. Scholarships work as reimbursements meaning if you don’t have the money then all the scholarship in the world won’t help – because you still don’t have the money up front to get there, to buy a plane ticket, or to even know if you’ll have enough to get pay for the room you reserved. Additionally the only YAs who get to go multiple years in a row are the YAs who can afford it. You cannot get a youth/young adult scholarship two years in a row (or it’s “very unusual”) so you’re pretty much out of luck unless your financial situation changes dramatically from one year to the next. Or you get to attend when you can get a scholarship while people who have money get to attend every year, making more of the decisions, and having a bigger influence on the direction our association is going. Even in the YA realm we vote on one of our caucus co-mods each year and if you’re not there you don’t have the chance to be one. People who get to attend each year have a much higher chance of getting appointed, elected or asked to be on something because they GET to be there."
"(Author's note: What the Hell is this shit you may be asking. Well in the last six months I have seen two \"non-fiction documentaries\" on how the United States government and the rest of the world in general would respond to an alien invasion. Both shows had some serious real scientific talent speaking about how we could defeat a far more advance technological species trying to take our planet. One show was on the Discovery Channel and the other was on National Geographic. I have included You Tube videos to both shows so nobody will think I have gone completely off the deep end. This story is a prequel to a similar one I did for Friday Flash Fiction several months ago. On a deeper level I wrote this story just because I was stuck at the house and freaking bored out of my mind. Leave comments if you make it to the end of this incredibly ridiculous story.)"
"4. I have lost 1/2 a stone since Christmas!"
"Patterned paper - K & Company"
"Halli"
"If you'd like to find some GORGEOUS Designer Series paper and all that you need to create some awesome projects, just stop by my Online Stampin'Up! store. Just Click Here"
"How do I choose a producer who will work well with me? This is a very personal judgment, but certain general principles apply. Think of this process just as you would think about hiring a new musician. Recognize ahead of time what you expect the producer to do for you and think about how someone might best help you with your project. Begin your search with some professional history of each candidate producer. Get a list of credits, listen to past projects, talk to past clients. Remember, however, that these are just starting points and the best basis for your choice will be mutual “fit”."
"We were suppose to head back to Dallas tonight but we opted to try and stay for one more night. Asking the good folks at the Austin Motel to hook us up with a room. We made a bit more and got upgraded to the \"Mediterranean\" suite. It's a bigger room with one side of the room wallpapered in a cliched Mediterranean scene. It's a little campy and fun."
"i have gotten offers from students and classmates to help me out, bring me food, drive me to PT, and come over for movie nights. the best part is that most of them know how stubborn and proud i am, so they simply won’t take ‘no’ for an answer."
"I went away from it for a bit and when I flipped back to the same channel, she was running down an airstrip at sunset, screaming that name again. I remember being unable to stop watching, leaning forward, telling the the bad-perm tough-guy on the screen to just “LOOK TO YOUR LEFT FOR A MINUTE!”"
"If there’s a connection there, sometimes friendship is the appropriate way to build a relationship at that time. A beta man will value and cherish that friendship for what it is, not what it might become in the future. In time, circumstances can change. People can change. But sometimes they don’t, and that’s fine too."
"Please allow me to make an assumption that you have a basic understanding of computer networking, such as the knowledge of how to connect computers to a hub/router with RJ45 cables, what an IP and MAC address is, and so on. However if you have questions, as always – don’t hesitate to ask. Furthermore, here is a good quick rundown about Ethernet - on Wikipedia of all places."
"When the first mermaid glided by the window the place was jammed. Half the crowd knew there was something happening with cameras, phones, and iPad's at the ready. The rest - total surprise. From the very first pass this show was incredible. All four mermaids are not only stunning but brought with them plenty of personality to go with their athletic grace. Winks, bubbly kisses, long flowing hair, and crowd interaction are what you get and all the action is right up against the glass. Very different from that other show way up the road."
"The asbestos issue is interesting. The 2002 news report quoted above suggests the asbestos was removed some time ago, but the La Trobe case suggests that the university had to pay double the purchase price ($8 million) for the asbestos removal."
"8 ply"
"For I have quarrel here."
"Have a fantastic day, my friends!"
"My hands shook, I felt the blood rush up my neck and into my temples, heart pounding. My mouth opened and out poured the grumpy old man speech that had been simmering in there for decades and just now found a proper target. \"See, the thing is, it's NOT just one lousy lemon. You know how many people walk past here and want a lemon off this tree every single fucking day? If they all took one she'd have no lemons. It's people like you that make this world a shitty place to live in. You walk around thinking that you can have anything you want. You see it and want it, so you just walk up and fucking take it like the whole world owes you this free fucking ride. No respect for anyone, just greedy spoiled brats taking it all for themselves. It's not one lousy lemon. It's your fucking attitude. You just fucking wanted it. So you took it. And when someone calls you on it you rear up with that ugly mean face and act so surprised and indignant that someone actually has the audacity to tell you you can't have it. How about being polite and asking? Or maybe BUYING a lemon at the store. Or maybe planting your own god damned tree, planting it a pot in your fucking loft. Fucking spoiled brats walking around taking what they want and never lifting a finger...pathetic. And it wrecks it for the rest of us who have to live with you.\""
"At this stage of the Roman voyage total discouragement had set in. From verse 20 we read, “All hope that we should be saved was then taken away.” Isn’t that true when you confront your need of salvation? Before you accepted the gospel, the good news, you had to have the bad news impressed upon your mind. You were a sinner and condemned to eternal damnation in the lake of fire. You had to obey the gospel of Jesus Christ and be saved."
"Average mortgage life today is somewhere between five and 10 years. At 10 years the break-even rate rises to 8.02 percent, and at five years, it jumps to 13.69 percent — a whopping 9.69 percent above the rate on the 30-year loan."
"because he did not receive even"
"First off, Vance is acutely aware of the prevailing political atmosphere: he has all the right words in his lexicon. Last year he initiated research to make ‘jury diversity’ compulsory. Oh dear, cultural diversity. Never mind the merit, just look at that rainbow."
"Am I getting dumb?"
"An innocent deserving blame"
"Anyhow, I am just enjoying a positive few days. It has been a filip in the build-up to the final home game of the season this weekend, a match of key importance that combined with Podolski’s arrival can offer a sign of intent for the next campaign. Who they are sending those signals to remains to be seen. Last night’s crumbling on the pitch and touchlines offered the suggestion that Sir Alex Ferguson is heading toward a Keegan-esque meltdown in the near future. Mancini has never irked me in the way that he does some; if anything last night’s hand gestures to the Scot meant he went up in my estimation, especially when Ferguson made his own pathetic mimicking efforts."
"I had already known the wrath of the recession; my Mom has lost 3 jobs in the past 10 years due to downsizing, changes in ownership, and relocating to save money which caused me to leave my original college plans; but this job loss could have cost me everything."
"Accessories: polka dot ribbon, corduroy button, pearls, twine"
"- 1/2 cup of chicken stock"
"So - do your own professional writing audit. Or illustrating audit, if that's what you do. What have you tried? What have you achieved? What have you failed at? What will you do next year? Which skills do you want to develop? How? Treat your writing like a real job - if you don't, no one else will."
"What else is new? Well, I found out what I’m going to focus on in the polemics-class (Battle over the Bible), namely Modern Jewish-Muslim polemics over the Bible. At least that’s the idea. I hope that that will give me the chance for some insights in a world, which normally isn’t being introduced to many, both in a historic and more recent context. For example am I planning on writing a review on an article about the mufassir (Muslim interpreter of the Quran), Ibn Biqâ’î, who used the Bible in his tafsir (interpretation of the Quran), and reactions to that, as well as the four Muslim approaches to the Bible. Hope that will interest some of you."
"I visited Natura’s store in Paris a few years ago and this experience is very different. Here, the purchase of a product is ancillary to the education you receive in how to use the product and how the product meets their standard of excellence. In Paris, the store is a store, an elegant store to be sure, but a store."
"Carpet steam cleaning process is based on a hot water extraction. While cleaning the technician will spray a soap solution or a solution with a rinse agent on the carpet via a tool called a wand and then he will extract the water. While the hot water is extracted, the wand also will vacuum up the water and the dirt."
"need to take up arms against the"
"Longtime convict Shaid Rashool, who was identified as gang leader when he was sentenced to 12 years at the end of the ’90s, denies the existence of the gangs. From his prison cell he has in many media interviews depicted the gangs as just groups of friends recast as criminal networks by the police so that the police can get more resources."
"Today I start my freeby week."
"~Graham"
"I want to take this moment to apologize for no post the previous weeks. I enjoy posting my progress and just as much, enjoy reading wonderful comments from everyone who reads!"
"I love X, I love Y, and I love her!"
"Here are the big rounds of cheese, just happily aging away:"
"It certainly seems that the answer is yes. What could be more caring than European volunteers heading into the darkest darkness of Africa to help rescue the poor brown babies? Well, actually, perhaps those World Bank officials who have finally grown a pair and said, enough is enough, and started affixing conditions to the endless supply of aid money, are far more caring."
"Nick and I got there a little early and set out the refreshments we brought. The house was very open with many windows in the front and I watched as people arrived to be welcomed by Tom. Tom and Leslie’s dog Chaka, an incredibly white, smart, American Eskimo Dog, barked briefly at each one but then was mollified by Tom and others of us as people arrived and then walked out to welcome each other. Even though the house was a relatively new one for Tom and Leslie and some people hadn’t been there before, the presence of all of us together made for extremely familiar ground."
"\"I figured that if I take him to one of them, that his own kind would take care of him,\" she said."
"Indeed, much of the imagery here seems concerned with light and space, both inner and outer. A quick browse of the titles reveals the likes of \"Good Morning Strange Light\", \"Folding Ghosts Into Origami Stars\", \"Borrealis\", \"Ex Astris, Ad Astra\". \"Amo Alucinor\", from the second disc, translates roughly from Latin as \"I love to daydream\", the latter word being the root of the English \"hallucinate\". \"Averroes\" may well be a tribute to the 12th-century Muslim celestial philosopher of the same name. It's hard to say whether Somfay names these tracks after what the music suggests or conversely uses the titles as templates for the musical ideas, but either way, the two keep pace with one another as a coherent, otherworldly whole."
"“Little Thomas is stuck, Tatte!” Of course Thomas wasn’t really stuck, he was just pretending. He reached for his second train and proceeded to drive it across the bumpy bridge of my arm."
"Even if it’s viewed purely as a propaganda piece, then I think The Iron Curtain is remarkably successful. The reason for that is the script and Wellman’s ability to sidestep the trap of sensationalism and instead adopt a more matter of fact tone, letting the events and their inherent drama speak for themselves. Of course, the air of quiet dread that seems to hang over the scenes in the embassy emphasises the stifling lack of personal and intellectual freedom, but this is quite subtly achieved. The ever-present music from Soviet composers, the inclusion of which in the score apparently caused something of a minor international incident at the time, has the effect of building up the brooding, sinister feel. The only time we take a detour into the realm of direct political preaching is when one of the Soviet residents (Eduard Franz) seals his own fate by getting drunk and lamenting the betrayal of the ideals of the revolution by the apparatchiks who have risen to prominence in Moscow. As a thriller, the film really comes into its own in the final third, as Gouzenko decides to take that leap of faith and defect. Wellman, and cameraman Charles G Clarke, employ classic film noir techniques of lighting and shooting angles to ratchet up the tension during Gouzenko’s theft of incriminating documents from the embassy, and then again in the climactic standoff in his apartment. Another notable aspect of the film is how the government agencies – I’m guessing the Canadian setting facilitated this slight subversion – are conspicuous by their lack of involvement. In fact, there’s initially a downright refusal on the part of the authorities to become involved in what they take to be the ravings of a lunatic."
"My own recipe"
"Including more omega-3 fatty acids into your daily routine could help promote better heart health, and potentially reduce your risk for developing a serious heart arrhythmia that could pose dangers to your long-term health."
"Katie is 11 years old today. When I look at her now, in her eyes I still see the baby girl I met at the hospital all those years ago - but now I also see the beautiful young lady she is becoming. Her childhood has been scarred by so much tragedy and loss, but she has grown up in spite of it all. She has carved out a special place for herself in our family tree, and grown into a strong and determined and mature and intelligent and talented young lady, filled with all the hopes and dreams and ambitions and optimism that every child deserves to have. And I get to be here and be a part of it all, and give her my love and feel her love in return. I so wish her mom was here to see her now. She would be proud."
"I don't think that would offend the pigs."
"Fire- I made hemmed backgrounds out of a burgundy that glints like a ruby in the sun. The girls have used theirs to make flames come up out of their wood, as a backdrop for the 'Land of Setting Sun' where the harvest is always brought in and you can gather 'round the hearth to sip cider or doze while listening to stories and the creak of the rocking chair. Land of Setting Sun is my favorite story creation as its all about fall, brisk breezes, warm socks, crisp apples, warm stew and tangy sourdough bread slathered in raw butter (which is simply amazing). Their room is in the back of the house so in the evening the sun comes pouring into our bedrooms."
"In 2010, the C.I.A. carried out 132 drone attacks in Pakistan. ”It was the deadliest year in terms of strikes and resultant fatalities since launching of the drone attack campaign in 2004”, according to Conflict Monitoring Centre, an independent research centre based in Islamabad, Pakistan. At least 938 people have been assassinated in these attacks. There have been 9 drone attacks during the month of May 2011, resulting in at least 62 innocent deaths and 17 injured. [5]."
"ACLU-MD legislative director Melissa Goemann notes:"
"Recently Tom and I picked up a six-pack of Left Hand Brewing Co's Nitro Milk Stout from St. James Beverage. Tom loves milk stouts and couldn't resist when he saw this little beauty sitting there for the taking."
"As the baby grows inside her, she becomes increasingly aware of her bitterness and, in a moment of poetic understanding, she realizes that she will pass on that bitterness to her child, “infecting her innocence”."
"Thank you for helping our Challenge grow. We have been having records number to entries from all around the world."
"In closing, the beauty and difficulty of Punch-Drunk Love is that it never really resolved the contradictions of its critical, aesthetic and commercial status as an “art-house Adam Sandler movie”—a perfect description, but one that suggests there was ultimately no easily built-in audience for the film. Instead, the film reveals itself slowly—through layers of irreducible tensions between beauty and violence; bodies in motion and still-framed landscapes; love and anger; harmonious music and unsettling sounds; Jeremy Blake’s stunning artwork and Barry’s barren world; richly intoxicating soundscapes and long moments of awkward silence; and periods of remarkable old Hollywood grandeur disrupted by discordant instances of experimental disruption. Punch-Drunk Love avoids the alternately amusing and horrifying shock value of Boogie Nights, as well as the grand, sweeping emotions of Magnolia. But what it does provide lasts longer, I think—all the more so because this richness is irreducible to such simplistic thematic observations as the historical rise of video, the ephemera of celebrity, being haunted by one’s past, or the serendipity of everyday life."
"-got engaged"
"(The photo can be of your kids, pets, favourite place, favourite thing) it just has to be a picture of something you love."
"Stir the sugar, fish sauce and lime juice mixture then add it to the noodles. Stir-fry for 2-3 minutes."
"they don’t hold a candle to you, Bundy."
"Thursday, 4/12/2012 - I had applied a half day leave from work and managed my way from the office to KL Sentral to catch the coach to the airport. Still with plenty of time at hand and whilst waiting to check-in, I'll get down from scratch - the hassles that I had to go through."
"Everyone impatiently waiting for their turn to place their lunch orders. The endless queues and the hassled cashier girls. Teenage students lazily munching on their burgers and fries. Everyone for his own."
"As she’s talking, I keep wanting to correct her grammar and will her a better vocabulary all the while thinking what a bitch I am. She is nice enough, but nice has never been compelling enough to keep my attention. I need snark. I need wit. I’m trying to get off the phone when she downshifts into small talk. She asks, how are you feeling? Fine, I say. How are the kids? Kids are fine, I offer. What about your son? I ask, The one with autism? Yes, she responds. What kind of autism does he have? Only the best kind, I think. Instead I say, Do you mean is he verbal? Yes. Is he verbal? Oh, yes. Quite verbal. Insatiably verbal, in fact. In addition to a seizure disorder, OCD, ODD and autism, he’s been recently diagnosed with ADHD at the ripe age of 8. We’re still working on the meds to try to equalize his behavior so I won’t have to buy so many dishes. He shattered two bowls just last week because I wouldn’t let him have five cookies on top of the three he already stuffed in his mouth before I could stop him. I may need to replace a kitchen chair too. Wow. He sounds like a handful. Well, he can be, but he can also be incredibly sweet and affectionate."
"Oh. So that’s only me then? Moving on."
"Philip Katz, an attorney for the management at 40 Exchange Place, said he was surprised to hear members of Occupy Wall Street were living in the space. The eviction was motivated not just by the nonpayment of rent but by complaints from other tenants of raucous parties and unsavory behavior, he said."
"Landlord: \"Yep.\""
"The Relay for Life event is not only about sadness and death. To lighten up the event there were a couple joyful things going on during the night. Entertainment Unlimited was selling cotton candy and Sigma Pi fraternity brought a bounce house to the event for participants to bounce around in for a bit. Sigma’cappella and Makin’ Treble, two a cappella groups on campus, performed during the event with songs by well-known artists like Adele and Beyonce. The big special event that took up part of the night was the Relay Pageant. Both male and female students competed showing off their talents in front of the crowd."
"2 Corinthians 3:16-18"
"We are constantly asked to be lovers of self. Fast food restaurants make it as easy as possible to get their food into your mouth. They do everything but feed it to you. Marketing companies beg us to think of ourselves first rather than others. Like a mantra they tout the \"Me\" message. It's all about you, they say. Don't worry about others needs, you must have this product. Buy it, you'll see. It'll make you feel good."
"If you're a cosplay or Manga / Anime fan, you're probably trying to find the PERFECT socks or stockings to make you into the character of your choice. Same goes for if you like regular comics."
"I am not celebrating."
"I chopped up a tomato"
"And to think I’m equally as tired from stressing a little and spending the past two days in a cubicle or on the interstate."
"in Highland Park in decades when we christened the Little Cave in"
"There are so many hand crafts I'm itching to try; for now, time forces me to be content with crocheting, some very basic knitting, and occassional candle-making, but I can always hope I will have more leisure in the future, right? :-) I'm also doing some very simple beading now, with Shira, which we both greatly enjoy."
"Next morning the lodgers had returned, merrily chirruping away as they commenced the re- build. A very disgruntled and frustrated farmer went back on the roof with chicken wire in hand only to find those birds had been extremely busy and there was another completed nest in situ."
"At least that's what I keep telling myself:)"
"They are really fast and easy to make. And while you can certainly have them for dessert, they are perfect for breakfast or brunch as well. Bananas are so versatile!"
"Overall, I highly recommend Real Mermaids Don't Wear Toe Rings. It's a great MG book and will appeal to some YA readers as well. ​"
"Cheryl Cole’s third studio album A Million Lights drops June 18th! Definitely worth a listen."
"Over the past few days I have been sleeping like crap. I have been up all night thinking about a ton of things as it relates to my little podcast. I wanted to take it to the next level and I knew I couldn't do it all on my own."
"Your voice to hear"
"After we all heard the National Chief (NC) of the Assembly of First Nations (AFN) Shawn Atleo give his speech at the Crown-First Nations Gathering (CFNG), it became readily apparent that the 2012 election campaign for the AFN NC had officially begun. Up to this point, Atleo had done little but sing the praises of the Harper Conservatives (Cons). It looked like Atleo and the AFN were following in the political footsteps of former President of the Congress of Aboriginal Peoples (CAP) Patrick Brazeau and hedging their bets that sucking up to the bully would yield better results than standing on our inherent rights."
"I heard a 14 year old is the new face of Miu Miu...OKAY? Whats the logic in that? Choosing a female who is still in puberty, how can a young girl relate to women. Miu Miu is disgustingly expensive for normal folk like me, but it doesn't hurt that much looking at the items and wishing so badly I own them :("
"We saw at least 1/2 dozen gators, and"
"If everyone had that attitude, she said, the Republicans wouldn't have a nominee. Exactly, I said. A brokered convention. Many long for it. A colleague out at school said he's still fuming at Paul Ryan for not getting in. All the guys who could have won refused to step up to the plate. Oh, she said, it's not all that bad..."
"On the street, he remarks \"I can't get along any better now than I did before. I've become a monster now. When my vengeance is over, when I've had my revenge, can I ever return to being the old Dae Su?\" He collapses in a crosswalk and a passer by puts him into a cab with instructions to get him taken care of. Dae Su, thanks the man, who smiles and shows his face, saying \"Not at all! Farewell Dae Su!\" Dae Su realizes this is the man who had him imprisoned, but he's too weak to follow. Once treated and bandaged, he returns to Mi-do. We see that someone is taking pictures of Dae Su from across the street. He starts listening to the tapes he took from the manager at the captivity building. He hears them discuss him, but the only reason the man gives for imprisoning him is that \"he talks too much.\" He decides to visit his friend Joo-Hwan at the internet cafe. He's thrilled to see him. Joo-Hwan listens to the tapes and when Dae Su asks if he knows the voice he answers \"Now how the hell should I know, all the names of all the husbands whose wives you screwed.\" Dae Su logs into his chat account finding a suspicious chat friend with \"evergreen\" in it, which he questions Mi-do about after tying her up."
"11. Notorious"
"Anything But Ordinary by Avril Lavigne"
"As yet, a majority in the U.S. opposes strikes on Iran by either the U.S. or Israel. One factor is the meltdown of the occupation of Afghanistan. The massacre of 17 Afghan civilians, including nine children, by Staff Sgt. Robert Bales was only the latest in a series of events that prove it is no aberration. The Koran burnings, the desecration of Afghan corpses, the everyday brutality with which NATO soldiers treat civilians, [15] the continuing night raids that terrorize civilians, all reveal the barbarism and hatred pervading the occupation."
"platter of delicious finger sandwiches and rushing, I put together"
"7) For the premiere of Pinocchio Walt hired 11 midgets, dressed them up like the little puppet and put them on top of Radio City Music Hall in New York with a full day’s supply of food and wine. The idea was they would wave hello to the little children entering into the theater. By the middle of the hot afternoon, there were 11 drunken naked midgets running around the top of the marquee, screaming obscenities at the crowd below. The most embarrassed people were the police who had to climb up ladders and take the little fellows off in pillowcases."
"I have been doing less comparision of our family's homeschool to others and had more ability to just see and experience life with my own kids, and to feel happy about that. By not knowing what the Joneses next door are doing I was able to think just about what we were doing."
"So I read:"
"I love it. I love them. I love checking my mail to see if I got any new ones. I love filing them. I love printing them with my shiny new printer I bought just for them. I love coupons."
"Best Weight Loss Tips – Eating Lots Low Fat and Diet Products"
"I really, really, really wish I had a round pen...one with a good sand base...My neighbors have a really nice round pen, and they graciously let me use it whenever I need it, but the base of their pen is not \"frantic horse\" friendly for some reason...and I'm afraid the ponies are going to slip, get hurt, or break the round pen wall. So I use that pen when I'm doing in-hand work that will (hopefully) not result in galloping/bucking. (Sigh.) There's always something else needed when it comes to horse ownership. An arena would be nice too. haha ~I could go on."
"“I expect President Dilma further advances in her struggle against corruption but for that she needs to alter the different (12) parties’ support for the ruling coalition”, said Cardoso head of the Brazilian Social democrats, the main opposition party."
"Now, I’m not saying every single thing I read or write should end sadly – far from it - but I am suggesting that, if this is a stipulation of the genre, we ought to bend it a bit, if not break it outright. Not every tale of our future selves ends well; we should be courageous and willing enough to explore that."
"Creed Taylor brought David Matthews, who is now often confused with another popular musician of the same name, to CTI in 1975. There, he crafted a notable body of work that probably reflects the era's musical flavors (disco, etc.) more than the work his predecessors provided for the label."
"Probably the single greatest thing he did for us (aside from earning a living and being a nice man) was to build a cabin about an hour from where we lived. He designed it; he and Mom built it. Our family spent weekends and Augusts (his vacation month) there for more than 30 years. It's where we had our best times as a family, where we built the memories that flood the mind with sunshine, the smell of jackpine and blueberries, the tug of a crappie on the line as the waves lap and someone says, \"Grab the net.\" We thought we had a 99-year lease on the land, but the state changed the law and we lost it. By then Mom was dead, Dad had remarried, we all took on other obligations, and opportunities to get together as a family greatly diminished."
"Without trying to choose sides, I would like to show you these image comparisations. Belgian brand Xandres has, next to their normal one, a wonderfull plussize line. Unlike other brands, the garnments have a different cut and model than the normal line, which is what plussize clothing is all about!"
"My Scottish mate Andy during his stay in Aussieland thought this was a bit of a wank - he said when he was working at a backpacker pub in the northern Queensland city of Cairns he used to \"turn the bloody thing upside down\" for a bit just before serving to achieve the same affect."
"Well today I’m getting my lazy butt up and going to pilates. It’s supposed to rain today, and I’m a big baby and don’t want to run in the rain, so I figured I’d do pilates over the run. Sometimes it’s good to cross-train. I also figured I have to do some kind of physically activity (other than Wii Fit) seeing tomorrow I leave for New York and I won’t be running while I’m there. I can’t go an entire week without some type of exercise. I might never go back after that."
"But after the millionth headline and billionth copy change, I couldn't use advertising to burn through my creative juices anymore. I had to find something else."
"Apart from it Toshiba laptops often suffer from webcam driver update or upgrade issues. In spite of trying best known troubleshooting steps, the issue seems to persist. In such cases an adept Support Toshiba can take you out of these issues through the most appropriate procedures and also make you aware of the other existing faults in the Toshiba system that are yet to surface. Numerous Toshiba laptop Support teams are readily available who can provide necessary measures to resolve the system issues online and that too, instantly. IGennie being one such exclusive tech support provider that remotely accesses your system and make sure that your issues are uprooted effectively. This Online Help Support provider offers connoisseur support service, at any time throughout the day, week, month or year."
"Whole villages could be annihilated by rogue witches. Their power could level all but the strongest of log cabins and turn brave warriors to nothing but ash and dust as easily as it could do the same to a monster."
"There were no clear indicators that the Executive was interested in boosting the economy through the introduction of new high-tech industry initiatives, or measures that could assist the bottom 40% of households which are the poorest in Malaysia."
"In 1985 the Chicago punk scene was fairly disjointed, having split into factions with only Naked Raygun uniting the scene. The Effigies had devolved into sub-pop (not Sub Pop), and among the early scene players only Raygun was moving forward with any momentum (or even still really a band)."
"The Society said the legislation, which the coalition claims will scale back on Labour’s ‘intrusive’ policies, will take power away from the public."
"From birth until life closes,"
"1/2 cup apricot jelly (or apple jelly)"
"September 1 Buffalo Athens $45 each"
"I have entered the below card into lili of the valley( can't remember how to enter link of blog)"
"Your youthful scampers in the spring;"
"My tongue down the thick shaft of his veins"
"3) what is your stripper name? (take the name of your first pet and the name of the street you grew up on)"
"The collage below I made shortly after my 13-year-old son was born. It hangs in my living room and I still muse upon it: where I was then, where I am now, what has been fulfilled, what is timeless and essential in it and becomes more obviously so over time."
"Loads of new stuff to talk about, some of it exciting, most of it not but this is my blog so if you don’t like it you know where the door is."
"1) A certain Roy Bullock would rummage in people's trash, and that he worked with a certain Tom Gerard."
"Boy, was I wrong! Capital-W wrong."
"You forgot the color film, my Michael"
"But what's not to like?"
"And suddenly life makes absolutely perfect sense! I now know why I am constantly getting lost in libraries, no matter how small they are. The world according to the rules of philosophic essence rather than pure science."
"In one of the first season episodes with the new regular star Elinor Donahue, Ellie, Andy, Opie, and Aunt Bee are enjoying a picnic out in the woods. Opie and Aunt Bee decide to go for a walk, while Ellie cleans up and Andy lies back on the blanket, covering himself with the local newspaper."
"\"Mooooam! The carts aren't big enough for me to sit in! And they don't have good toys!\""
"Classic autism, Baron Cohen believes, is such a case of"
"the rest of the percentage gets felted, cleaned, photographed, baked,covered up, stuffed, fed to the squirrels, avoided, walked off, cried about and forgiven and tossed."
"families of banking perversion to the Everytown, USA municipal traffic"
"We’ve now posted the first six chapters of Rubicon Ranch, the latest one by Christine Husom, author of the Winnebago Mystery Series. The most fun of a project such as this is that we do not yet know who killed the little girl (if in fact, she was killed) and we won’t know until all but the final chapter has been written. I hope you will enjoy following our story as we write it."
"CR: The book is written in Voice, from different points of view. Jamie tells the story, Rob makes podcasts (you can see an extract at: http://youtu.be/akiiy8io968 ) and Caro keeps a notebook. The quotations head up her chapters. I decided to do this because she seemed like the kind of girl who choose pretentious quotations and write them down in her notebooks as statements. I chose them carefully to give an insight into her thinking; the range and diversity of her interests; her depth and her shallowness. The Peter Sansom quotation is more serendipitous. I was at a poetry reading and he read his poem, My Brother’s Vespa. I liked it because my brother had a Vespa, and then I thought the last two lines would be perfect for This is Not Forgiveness. I asked him if I could use them and he said, ‘yes’."
"Frontiers have the Giant comeback album ‘Promise Land’ featuring new vocalist Terry Brock (ex-Strangeways/The Sign) and it is very good. Some great hard rock moments, a couple of decent ballads although original member Dan Huff only lends a helping hand here and there. This is the main bone of contention for some fans of the band."
"Nowhere is there a person without some level of grief or fear that the oil will wash its way upon our beaches. If not by natural tides, then surely by the next hurricane. I, personally am a \"hope for the best prepare for the worst\" kind of person. There is always hope. So, I will be heading to the beach with my kids today - as soon as I check my hurricane insurance to see if it covers oil-laden flood water."
"Volomir: When did you decide to become a professional artist? Is miniature painting/sculpting your goal or do you want to shift to something else in the future?"
"There have been many attempts to classify the vital traits of great entrepreneurs. As an entrepreneur myself, and as someone who met many successful other entrepreneurs through Young Presidents Organization (YPO) I have been reflecting about some of the common traits I observed among great entrepreneurs. So, for what it’s worth, here is my list:"
"fossil thought on hoar frost nights."
"The main characters here are prime minister and some of his cabinet colleagues and political rivals. The story revolves around prime minister and how his political and personal life gets mixed up. As part of his negotiation with US, he is trying to have an agreement so that US will have more say in the defense of Canada and whole of North America but his political rivals will term it as giving up sovereignty of the country. I still remember that one point of negotiation was to hand over Alaska to Canada in return."
"March 10th"
"Vera Farmiga’s directorial debut, HIGHER GROUND, depicts the landscape of a tight-knit spiritual community thrown off-kilter when one of their own begins to question her faith. Inspired by Carolyn S. Briggs’ memoir, “This Dark World” , the film tells the story of a thoughtful woman’s struggles with belief, love and trust. A woman who learns that no matter how many times she loses her footing, she has within herself all that’s necessary to get to a higher place."
"...one of her fictional friends found it a “difficult decision” but decided the procedure was the “best choice . . . for herself, her boyfriend, her family and her future.”"
"The New Testament has been translated into Pidgin, so almost everyone in Hawaii can understand it, Here is the Lord’s Prayer in Pidgin:"
"Chrys., non occ., ap. Chrys.: He calls the Prophets servants, who as the Lord’s Priests offer the fruits of the people, and the proofs of their obedience in their works. But they shewed their wickedness not only in refusing the fruits, but in having indignation against those that come to them, as it follows, “And the husbandmen took his servants, and beat one, and killed another, and stoned another.”"
"Not so long ago, getting your wife a mink coat was tantamount to a diamond ring. It was expensive and showy - a status symbol not unlike dad's Cadillac. Then, somewhere along the way, an awareness about the animals used to make it started to erode its place at the top. Eventually, this awareness turned into aggression and multi-million dollar campaigns against it. The fur coat as a symbol of elegance and pride was thhhhrpt (fart noise)."
"A Light Green Pearl Pen (Viva Decor) is used for the trim around the bodice. I let this dry for a few hours before resuming the card. One can choose to add this after the card has been assembled. I just like to do things the hard way ! LOL"
"The music industry is rapidly changing. The internet has enabled widespread piracy, as well as a variety of new business and distribution models. We want to offer an engaged audience in and around the Euregion an opportunity to develop a coherent and detailed picture of the future of music distribution. On the 31st of May 2012 a music conference in Maastricht, consisting of oppositional debates, creative workshops and lectures, will provoke opportunities for intellectual stimulation, debate, as well as networking."
"Plot: Radek goes to the Biedronka to buy some sugar. Suddenly, Lidl shoppers attack this shop. Radek takes two cucumbers and defends the shop. Lidl shoppers run from Biedronka after a fierce battle."
"PeaceLoveandSharpies"
"What is your astrological sign, and do you feel it describes you?"
"The chapter had a terrific attendance for this meeting and everyone had questions for the experts. But if you missed it, don’t despair! For the very first time, the chapter videotaped the meeting. The video is being edited and broken into excerpts which will be posted on our new YouTube channel. So watch this space, and our LinkedIn discussion group for the announcement of the Rocky Mountain NAFA YouTube channel!"
"Whitney"
"It speaks of leading captive “silly women” laden with sins. The translation of the word women in this verse comes from the greek word “Gunaikarion” which is a contemptuous phrase for “little women”. I can see many single mothers being led into the FEMA camps under the disguise of being a safe place to be relocated to provide for their young ones. There will be men led into the camps too. However the phrase silly women or weak women depending on the translation is used because men are less likely to accept going into the camps. Men have that I can make it all on my own mentality, when women will not. Women are more likely to feel that they need a man to survive or the government to survive. Both of those mentalities are evil. We will survive by the hand of God, not by our own power or by the government relocation programs to be done in a national emergency."
"So yeah after we had danced liked there’s no tomorrow it was time for our 2nd Lady Bucie to hit the stage. Wow!!! I can’t even begin to describe how everyone went Crazy when Bucie went on stage, the guys were Drooling all over her and I must say that her outfit didn’t make things easier 4 them as well .lol poor guys. When she started her 1st song there was some technical clichés but that didn’t ruin the mood at all. Bucie kept the crowd entertained (You don’t want to know what she was doing lol) and once that was resolved she was at it again with her hits such as “Turn me on” and “Superman”. Honestly the way Bucie moves really does give people ideas, “but I’ll rather not go there. “Get Over it” was indeed the song of the night, it got everyone singing along and screaming her name from all corners of Hills Lounge as she caressed the crowd with her smooth dance moves."
"The weaker flour produced by the soft wheats is preferred for making biscuits, crackers, pie crusts, and starchy breakfast foods. The most common types of commercially planted wheat are common wheats, durum wheat, and club wheat."
"Get ready world...I'm back!"
"You can find these videos and more information about them here. It might be a helpful resource to you or for your church. No matter what you use, make sure the Bible is taught well!"
"Well, indeed they did, but it was still a complete waste of time, money, effort – and lives. By December 2009, The Guardian was back on the case with a report headed: \"Taliban stalls key hydroelectric turbine project in Afghanistan\". The strap read: \"Convoy diverted British troops from front but generator may never be used\"."
"At first sight this is a classically produced Parsifal with only several counterpoints that the conservative critics apparently liked. A couple examples of these counterpoints: the knights do not wear armor but are the modern men wearing suits, the community is not lost in a desolate forest but trying to survive in an empty lifeless space... Other than that it is a totally narrative staging with several spectacular images that are beautiful, not overcharged, stylish and perfectly toned as to lett the music make its impact on the crowd."
"But that wasn't the worst part. The worst part was, with an 8 week cast, I turned eleven at the end of May and could not ride my brand new blue ten speed bike until mid-June."
"The children must be told the truth. Today, all we are celebrating is The Sun passing over The Equator to begin its journey back up into the northern hemisphere. That’s why it’s called The Passover. The Sun is spring-ing back to life now so we are in The Spring season, meaning The Sun is now in the constellation of Virgo."
"Em is a sweet young woman, intent on making her parents proud by following their paint-by-numbers life plan one step at a time, seemingly unwilling to voice a protest for fear of the disappointed looks she’ll face when their snobbery proves to be more important than her dreams of being of a chef. We spend a lot of time wishing she would take a stand and refuse to be cowed by the force of their entitlement, but we know she has to work up to that place, and the plot’s predictability keeps our patience firmly in place as it’s clear that revelation will be forthcoming."
"Me either! I became obsessed with a certain topic and just wouldn’t stop. At some point, fairly late in the process, I realized I might have a collection. I think it took a mentor or professor saying, Hey, you’re working on a book here. Then I began what was a really fun part of the process: what poems to include, exclude, and which poems to put side-by-side. I think that process was very organic for me. They seemed to fall into place within the book, but I really liked thinking about the poems “talking” to each other in relation to where they were placed within the chapbook. Then I found Finishing Line Press and they seemed like a good match for my subject matter."
"The beautiful weekend began with a handmade invitation."
"A gleaming white Mormon temple crowns a hill overlooking the town and below is a school where locals and Mormons study together. In the cemetery, the modest graves of Romneys have simple stone plaques flush with the ground while elaborate Mexican gravesites are adorned with flowers and large crosses."
"Ambassador of Finland, Mrs Sofie From-Emmesberger “was happy to see the guidelines of Finnish Foreign policy concerning children’s rights put into action in Nairobi and hoped that the project would get visibility outside Kenya”."
"Senor Sisig rolls into Truck Stop, 450 Mission, SF from 11a to 2p."
"Alex Leybourne http://alexlaybourne.com/ He is another author – short stories and novels who posts about his writing – really gets to the gut of it. Inspiring."
"Oh hi. I didn’t see you there. This is Definitely Improvised. That is both a true statement and the title of this site. This podcast masquerades as an improvised radio show. I am the disembodied typing words of one Bryan Fernando, a 25-year-old comedian from Portland, OR. Odds are, you know who Bryan is because only Bryan’s friends know about this podcast. What happens each week (okay, let’s be honest, every few weeks) is I will have some friends over, we will talk about stuff, and then we will pull some newspaper clippings out of a Ziploc bag and do scenes based on those newspaper clippings. Sometimes we follow a living room format, sometimes we follow an Armando type of format. This time we did a sort of Harold format. After all is said and done, we improvise the interstitial music."
"So, for eight dollars, seventy-seven cents, and a trip to Lowe’s Home Center, I, single-handedly (o.k., so I used both hands) fixed the dripping water in the girls’ bathtub."
"2. In the meantime, drizzle a good knob of olive oil in a pan and bring to medium heat. Add in your garlic and onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are translucent and garlic is starting to brown."
"Last night, about 20 hours after Target had opened for it's Black Friday sale, I went in just to grab some lights for our Christmas tree and figured I would see if anything I wanted happened to be left. I quickly realized everything was long gone, but then I went down the toy aisles looking at the very top shelf and what did I find? Exactly what Morgan wanted for Christmas, which happened to be one of the doorbuster sales! I think I actually squealed with delight and another lady who was shopping laughed at me and said Congratulations! Morgan did see that I was shoving something Barbie related under the cart, but she doesn't know exactly what it was and it's not like I could take her home and come back to get it. She will still be surprised come Christmas morning. I still have some shopping to do, but I have made a dent. I am hoping that Cyber Monday will have some good deals, so I can finish soon."
"Here is a statement from the same book that shows the power these people have already amassed in the United States."
"So instead of correcting someone's grammar today, \"march forth\" and boldly split an infinitive."
"Speaking of turtle holes. I fell into, what Rachel describes as, a turtle hole. She didn't even hear me fall--it was a \"silent fall.\" Haha! She was all \"Oh my gosh, are you OK?!\" And I was all \"Oh my gosh...my camera! Check my lens...is there sand in it? I can't bare to look!\" Luckily the lens was sand-free and we went on our merry ways."
"c.Regardless of relation"
"Until he defected in 2005, Mr. Chen Yonglin worked as a diplomat in the Sydney Chinese Consulate. But his disgust at what he was required to do on a daily basis – monitor and sabotage the activities of Australians who practice Falun Gong or support other persecuted groups in China – led him to walk out of the consulate and seek asylum."
"My intended destination was CLOSED ON MONDAYS. Taco Time was open so in I went. Really nice people. I couldn't get flour tortillas for my tacos because they only have burrito style flour tortillas. No trompo - he called it a trompa. No pina. But still, great tacos, salsa, and cheap."
"Tonight I found a way to salvage a disappointing fresh pineapple. A friend had touted the batch at the local produce store and helped me pick one with signs of ripeness: a nice brown instead of green, and inner leaves that pull out easily. But alas, after I cut the thing apart, half of the pineapple was as hard and unripe as the other half was sweet and delicious. So off I went to the shelves of cookbooks and prowled about until I unearthed a recipe for carmelized pineapple."
"You want to go and live in another Country? DO it, start making definite plans to make it happen. Don’t put it off for 20 years, who knows what will happen between then and now."
"Then maidens will dance and be glad, young men and old as well. I will turn their mourning into gladness; I will give them comfort and joy instead of sorrow. Jer 31:13"
"I cut back on my serving sizes, especially when it came to the home-made meals. Instead of three or four heaping spoonfuls of mashed potatoes, just one semi-hefty one. Instead of eating until I feel I will burst or have a coronary episode, I ate until I was almost full, then rested my fork for a bit. I stopped eating handfuls of jelly beans to help my night-time pills go down. I drank a little more water, and took the stairs an extra time or two."
"Looking in the eyes of each other in pain"
"Palm initially worked in Swenson’s store in La Grange, and was also postmaster there. He moved with Swenson to Austin in 1850, then served from 1853 to 1854 as diplomatic secretary to the American consul in Panama, but the hot weather and lack of drinking water forced Palm back to Austin."
"Chew on it."
"Gosh, what another very busy week (which is good!) but boy doesn't it pass so quickly, it feels like it was only Monday yesterday! It's been an up and down week, so much going on and I was so pleased for a little break last night - I went out for a gorgeous meal with some lovely girly friends and we had a lovely enjoyable time, great food and great company and a good giggle, we were laughing until tears ran, I had severe face ache afterwards!!!"
"When we think of customer loyalty, we often think about ways to intrigue prospects and engage customers, building a relationship over time. So you might be surprised to find out the extent to which the first impression actually fuels customer loyalty. First impressions aren’t just critical to customer loyalty, they’re essential. In First Impressions Critical for Fueling Customer Loyalty on marketing charts.com, an April 2012 survey by ClickFox reveals that “customer loyalty is most often formed as a result of first impressions…”"
"Princess Caroline of Monaco"
"My aunt has said that it’s fitting that John became a lawyer, since had things in her life worked out differently, my grandma Dianna would have made a great lawyer. He apparently gets his stubborn qualities from her, as well as his ability to argue over anything. It makes me wonder what qualities I got from her."
"Are you basing your opinion of unschooled people on a handful of families you have met, or maybe haven't even met but have only heard about? That is like forming an opinion of an entire country or race of people based on the same limited knowledge of them. I was guilty of it too."
"1…2..3..4.."
"There will undoubtedly be 100’s of photographs of today’s eclipse splashed on the internet by the time I’ve posted this. The two photographs I’ve posted above were sourced from the gallery of www.astronomical.co.za, where viewers uploaded images almost in real time. I presume by tomorrow their photo gallery will have been updated with plenty more!"
"Show as much cleavage as possible. Studies show that most men like cleavage. If that is the case, then show them what you got! How high you want to climb the corporate ladder should determine how much low your neckline should plunge. Women who dress in sexy attire in a professional environment are way more likely to be taken more seriously in any profession and promoted. Bottom line: If you want to get ahead, ditch the high-cut sensible top."
"Trafficking is (often unwittingly) supported by big businesses that either buy products made by forced labor or who may even hire employees who are being trafficked (i.e., forced to turn over their earnings to middle men who “own” the workers.)"
"Banana Man: At an undisclosed location. In Banana Republic."
"Then we went north to join the staff at Downtown Abbey in food gathering and preparation, laundry, and dog walks. We made a list the first day there also – meals to freeze and meals we’d eat – stock, soup, and beans."
"is where and how I exist."
"“And what exactly would that be?” Arianna questioned with annoyance from her precarious position on the armchair."
"You’ve got to hand it to the old pirate, Rupert Murdoch — he’s still at the top of his form. His performance at the “Leveson Inquiry” in London last week was, in its own way, something to behold. Denying he seeks favors for his businesses, denying he has any influence, denying he knows anything that is happening within his company."
"Nintendo did something similar with its 3DS reveal two years ago. Though the publisher revealed the system and showcased a variety of games, more specific launch plans, including a firm release date, price and even launch line-up, were not announced until just months before the portable debuted."
"Hors d’oeuvres: Small savory dish, typically one served as an appetizer at the beginning of a meal."
"Ah, the 4x4. Everyone dreams of watching a meet come down to the 4x4. And on this day heading into the final event there was the possibility that at the finish FOUR teams could be tied for the national title! In the end it was the Borlee twins of Florida State leading their squad to the #4 time in college history (2:59.99) to win the event, but Texas A&M (3:00.91) hanging in there for second place and the team title with 48 total points - just ahead of the 46 points scored by Oregon, Florida, and Florida State!"
"Surfed the 'net, shuffled some more."
"That is of course, up until she notices the dandelion on the other side of the yard. Her reactions to dandelions are very similar to how I would react to the Apocalypse."
"Onions - 2, medium size, finely chopped"
"At first it was one of those WWDD moments (what would Dracula do) where there was an amusing mental image of such annoyances disappearing in a flutter of cape fabric. But then I realized this was actually a beautiful, cosmic validation of what I’m trying to do here. There is a niche and a need for books like this one. Like I said in the “Vampire Diet” introduction…this is creating the book I wish I could have read a long time ago."
"We are doing very well in the \"coverage\" department with so many committed individuals."
"Now three years along in life, this young lady hasn’t lost a single bit of her power to remind me that I am truly here, and while there are many ways to increase our understanding and appreciation for the power of love in our lives, including every possible variation and quality of love between two human beings, there are no limits to what we can accomplish by opening ourselves to our powerfully urgent longings to connect to others."
"I make the low fat version and it tastes awesome. You don't feel as guilty eating a ton of it either. Plus the turkey pepperoni is less greasy than regular pepperoni and is better for your dip."
"~Christine Kobza (speaking to me)"
"Anyway, next time you see me . . . if I am sitting down doing nothing . . . please . . . pull the chair out from under me! I have LOTS of living left to do and I do not want to put it off any more!"
"I love you Sammy.... I am blessed to be your mom, you are truly God's gift."
"Danes and Lewis have dominated the reviews when it comes to Homeland, so much so that Mandy Patinkin’s performance gets overlooked. Patinkin’s character is, Saul Berenson, a high ranking member of the CIA who is desperately trying to stay positive in a job that is dominated by backstabbers and liars Though they butt heads often, Sol acts as a mentor to Carrie, trusting her and helping her in even the worst of situations. Patinkin gives a great performance as Sol, portraying the man as what I would describe as a sad soul. He always has people’s best interests at heart but never gets the victories he deserves."
"Pandora.com is the perfect, free, service to help you put together the right playlist for your party. You enter the name of a song or artist and they will create and play a playlist for you with music by that artist and similar sounding songs. You won't end up with a playlist of one artist."
"We talked about the forecasted low of 11 degrees (I don't think it really went that low) and the measures Frank and I were taking to avoid frozen pipes."
"They've learnt the ropes In Ireland, engaged in civil war"
"I used to stand on the veranda where this image is taken from and just watch the falling purple haze of the Jacaranda trees beautiful purple flowers."
"Best when coldest. As it warms it gets a little soapy. An odd peppery bitterness creeps out in the aftertaste as well."
"Me: Shall we get breakfast now?"
"I love recipes that are so simple and turn out so good. I saw this recipe on Smitten Kitchen recently. The original had yogurt and pomegranate seeds. I left those out to keep it simple. I actually used to make cauliflower like this but cannot remember why I stopped. When Hasan came home from school he asked to try some and he loved it...he had some more with his dinner too!"
"So why is this so cool? Well, because it takes out the common words (like the, a, and), and then chooses the most common words in your book to make the word cloud out of. The more common the word, the bigger it is in the cloud."
"I don’t want to see Santa’s approaching reindeer"
"Love Elsie – Noel – Soft Charms"
"‘It’s a tribal thing, of course. They migrate down to where the money is, the coastal resorts, and take what they can. It’s understandable really, because there’s such dreadful poverty. I suppose they’re only trying to feed their families, and who wouldn’t? But it’s dreadful, all the same."
"I was going to list a series of quotes and reviews, but I want to keep it short so I am summarizing it all with: everyone agree this is one of the best Batman and Commissioner Gordon stories in decades! :)"
"This assertion is unfair I believe. Mr Harris was clearly drawing from the rich source of contemporary slang that would have been readily understood by its intended audience - working class men living in the slums of London. That's not to deny that perhaps Mr Harris was borrowing a bit of underworld cool by using terms that were not entirely respectable or correct, especially in Victorian times, but he was clearly a shrewd businessman who knew how to speak to his market. And he was aware that a more formal approach was a waste of time and expense (handbills cost money to print)."
"i mean, okay fine, i don’t expect you to actually listen to something this boring."
"Hold onto me please"
"Anyway, on a whim we decided that we would join the masses and head to Boston's Esplanade for the fireworks display. We figured out how to take the T there and when we arrived, the place was already packed. Somehow, we found a spot on a bridge, and sat there for hours with our feet dangling over the Charles River. A very annoying vendor was perched close by our spot, and we endlessly listened to him hawk, \"Glow sticks! Get your glow sticks he-ah!\" We commiserated with our neighbors about it, but didn't give up our prime location. Suddenly, and I'm still not sure how it happened, one of Julie's new Naot sandals, fresh from Israel itself, dropped into the river! There was a bit of pandemonium, and a small crowd assembled as Julie was forced to wade into the river and retrieve her shoe. We all looked around for the glow stick guy, who had mysteriously disappeared, just when we could have used one of those damn glow sticks to help reach the lost shoe. Julie got fairly wet, and despite hours of sitting in the sun, still had a damp shoe as we shuffled back on the T to go home. We kept looking for signs of radiation sickness from her time in the river, but Julie managed to survive."
"after the movie, it turned out the B-rad really REALLY wasn't feeling well. So, i drove us home, the date night over."
"Six: To shine and shine and shine. Lot’s of windows, mirrors, acrylic and glass is gorgeous – and requires a horrific whole of cleaning and maintenance. Horrific? How about unending? beauty comes at a price and often that price is time spent maintaining. Granted, this is not an issue with the help of a cleaning service, I know. But for do-it-yourselfers, it can be problematic. I love windows and cannot write without a vista. But, I pay for it too. My windows can only be cleaned by professionals who bring ladders and insurance. Shine comes at a premium."
"What happened was a tangle he calls Bridgen."
"p87 “This means that the lunar rhythm not only reveals short intervals (week, month) but also serves as the archetype for extended durations; in fact, the ‘birth’ of a humanity, its growth, decrepitude (‘wear’), and disappearance are assimilated to the lunar cycle.”"
"2. Some of your worst days lie ahead. Graduation is a happy day. But my job is to tell you that if you are going to do anything worthwhile, you will face periods of grinding self-doubt and failure. Be prepared to work through them. I’ll spare you my personal details, other than to say that one year after college graduation I had no job, less than $500 in assets, and I was living with an elderly retired couple. The only difference between when I graduated and today is that now no one can afford to retire."
"Yes, on purpose. Because the title was dark and ironic and apropos. At first, it was almost like punishment. Then, I actually started laughing — Buster cracks me up, especially when he fights with Annyoung."
"The best candidate for medical therapy is the woman who is asymptomatic, motivated, and compliant, with."
"Also expect to fight for your authority. Women do not enjoy the same commanding presence in France, much to my dismay."
"I'm thinking the 'big reveal' will be next week. Something like I did for Finland. You get a history/geography lesson AND get to learn where we are headed for next season. You lucky, lucky dogs, you :)"
"For Noah, obedience meant a long-term commitment to a project."
"In the BBC’s Real Hustle, blatant deception, carried out in the face of the “mark” results in outcomes which, if done with criminal intent, could make the tricksters a fortune, and lose the victim much."
"First, by remunerative tending to it. Your nous nous tends to give you solon of what you pay tending to. If you treat the productive aspects of your history, you are telltale your psyche that they are lilliputian. If you consciouslyment when you are creative, and you perception for opportunities to be imaginative, your brain nous give act ingestion you statesman imaginative ideas. Appear for it and you'll maturate solon of it."
"As we enter the Holiday Season, there will be the self-righteous and bitter amongst us, that will complain about using Happy Holidays over Merry Christmas because they are justified by their religious convictions, and yet others that will demoralize Santa as nothing more than a consumer hoax to get others to spend money and forget about the birth of Christ. The very mention of Hanukkah over Christmas will raise the hackles of others. The truth is no matter how we entertain or live this special time of year, it is about the children as well as the Christ Child. If we wish to tell the story of Jesus, light the candles, or play Santa in our homes or to others,I can’t help but think, that God who judges and Christ whose birthday it is, would be pleased we remembered to celebrate our Blessings from above. Afterall mankind, as a whole, can grasp more than one thought in a celebration, at a time, without being accused of being atheist, pagan or heathen, in doing so."
"Mama says she's worried"
"I hate the term ‘hate crime’. What a ridiculous example of PC-speak. It was probably cooked up in the Office during a ‘team-building day’. Nauseating!"
"The Latrobe Brewing Company, in a small town in Western Pennsylvania, had been home to Rolling Rock from 1936 until 2006, when Anheuser-Busch purchased the Rolling Rock brands and began brewing it in Newark, New Jersey, although they pledged to carry on the tradition born in this green bottle. This saying is still seen on the back of the bottle preceded by Anheuser-Busch’ own statement of: “To honor the tradition of this great brand, we quoted from the original pledge of quality.”"
"Here is an alphabetized, formatted list of guest drafts if you found the one on DarkLordDay.com hard to read."
"The joy receded, and the creature went back satiated, but hungrier still than it had ever been. There was no denying it now, no suppressing the urge that had been woven into her very being. Three-Twelve was built to destroy, that much had always been clear, but she was also made to create."
"It was one of the managers. She use to be mine, actually, maybe three or four bosses ago."
"The other week I went for my Tuesday cardio session with my gym partner. Although this week was different from the previous sessions, we grabbed our headphones and bottles. But this time he also grabbed his S10 gas mask."
"-In a large wok ,add 4-5tsp of oil and caramelise chicken til slightly brown on all sides."
"We had a cat for several years when Chelsea was a baby named Lulu. She literally appeared on our doorstep one day. We tried to ignore her, but Chelsea instantly fell in love with her. She played with Lulu every chance she could go outside. As a matter of fact, one morning we woke up about 6 am by hearing Chelsea coming back inside the house from playing with her. (Needless to say, keyed dead-bolts were installed that day!) Since Chelsea loved her so much, we decided to keep her, but keep her outside. She ended up being the best pet we've ever had. She was fiercely protective of Chelsea and would attack anyone or anything she thought was trying to mess with her."
"Pride. “Why is this person talking to me like I’m stupid” is usually what goes through my head. Why I’m so sensitive feeling like I’m being looked down on, I have no idea, I just know that I often feel that way."
"During the 1970s, and after his return to the UK from Australia in 1991, Murray has been often in the United States on speaking engagements and two of his best-known books, Jonathan Edwards: A New Biography(1987) and Revival and Revivalism: The Making and Marring of American Evangelicalism 1750-1858 (1994), reflect his close interest in American church history. While authoring several biographies (John Murray, A.W.Pink and John Wesley), Iain Murray’s main intention has been to use history to recover commitment to the doctrines of Scripture, particularly the doctrines of grace. He did this first in The Forgotten Spurgeon (1966), and again in Pentecost—Today?The Biblical Basis for Understanding Revival (1998). More general is his Evangelicalism Divided: A Record of Crucial Change in the Years 1950 to 2000 (2000), which, despite its controversial nature, became one of his best-selling hardbacks. Almost all his titles have been published by the Banner of Truth and remain in print."
"Seriously, I know we are all good parents and parenting does not have to be that hard and heart wrenching, it is I think about how we put ourselves in their shoes kind of things and with loads of prayers and I am sure all of us will succeed."
"3) The Power of Interest. Most financial institutions will stress the power of interest both negatively, when your paying interest on debt, and positively, when your earning money for doing nothing."
"So this diversity nonsense is being pulled anywhere that is White and no where that is non-White."
"You can find the EagleCam here; bookmark it if you want to see the fun. The moderated discussion, where you can find out what’s been happening, is to the right of the video. The cam is down right now, but should be fixed soon."
"“If you remain in my word, you will truly be my disciples,"
"A few chips and my homemade choc chip cookies and the picnic was complete."
"So, why is it that so many people love a children's book in which a parent is celebrated for acting in exactly the same way as our imaginary father on the basketball court?"
"What is that sound high in the air"
"I hope you all had a wonderful Christmas! Ours was fabulous once Superman finally made it home. I'm finally able to catch my breath and start to think beyond the holiday, however, and thought I'd share with you the t-shirt project I did to go with the Christmas pajamas I told you about last week."
"the awakening of dormant stones,"
"Level 16: MP Cost: 15, Duration: 160 seconds."
"But before we even really got started, Goober, my youngest child at only eight years old decided he wanted to ride the Drop of Fear."
"Categories"
"-strategy guide lookups"
"Pages: The pages are a mess and are missing most of their content. There is a lot I want to include on this site, ideas and information relevant both to personal interaction and information on EDs. I'm mostly going to stick with the structure as-is, but if you have any suggestions of stuff you think should be covered, let me know. One thing in particular: I want to start collecting and organizing data on what I believe is the central issue for proana: living with an eating disorder without professional treatment. This includes self-help and self-guided recovery on one end of the spectrum, with \"embracing\" the eating disorder on the other."
"I told Lynnette everything I just told you and she said “Are you alright?” “I don’t know,” I said. “I have this massive headache.” “You don’t look so good,” she said. “I know,” I said. “My eyes are super-red and puffy. I don’t know why.” Lynnette has seen me through illnesses before, and she seemed legitimately worried. She said my eyes looked like a “serial killer’s” and that she was preparing to call her family and friends to say goodbye in case I murdered her later that night. This seems like hyperbole, but she was mostly serious. Madison, to he credit, didn’t even notice."
"Best –"
"DeChiara and Sunshower should be reprimanded for \"contempt of court\" over their heavy handed tactics to bully and intimidate voters with whom they disagree."
"Skin Care Tip 3:"
"4. An Hani A Garan"
"Adam is a doll. He is so good natured and easy going. I have had all easy babies (or maybe I just have the magic touch right?) but he is the most good natured of all so far. He cries only when he is hungry or getting his diaper changed or having a bath. I can lay him down on the floor and he will look around contentedly for a while and then fall asleep. He is just so sweet."
"Today was the older girls' dance class and I love going for power walks along the country roads in that area. But I forgot my camera! And my iPod! I love power walking with really upbeat music so I wasn't sure if I would be able to keep up the pace."
"How about a book at an event?"
"I also found this gorgeous gray cotton flannel that may have a little rayon in it. It has a real retro feel and would be perfect for Negroni, don't you think? I picked up dark gray topstitching thread too."
"– the new 2012-2013 Catalog starts on June 1st."
"‘‘(6) CYBERSECURITY SYSTEM.—The term ‘cybersecurity system’ means a system designed or employed to ensure the integrity, confidentiality, or availability of, or safeguard, a system or network, including protecting a system or network from—"
"to see clearly?"
"As time passed and the park opened at 9am, the place got packed. Wall-to-wall people. The shops are all tiny inside and it was impossible to move around. We never did get to go in Olivander’s wand shop; the line to get in was 30 people deep when we got there just after 8. You could also buy wands at a cart outside the store, but apparently it is more fun in the store."
"As for me, well I probably could have done without all the sugar, but I caved in and had a coffee shake...YUM! :) Doesn't that look soooo good?!?! Let me tell you, it sure was! :) As I sat there watching my kids, I started thinking about how time is just going by so quickly! Just 6 years ago, my eldest was still in grade school. Here is a picture I found of us taken on Mother's Day 2006."
"We would like to extend our revolutionary gratitude to the Liaison Committee comprising the HWRS of USA and CWG of New Zealand for their comradely support during this difficult time and we look forward to developing our relationship into one that ensures the revolutionary coordination of struggles in the different regions we come from. This is only the start for our role as the vanguard of the working class to whom we lay all our efforts and gifts as we embark on this historic mission. This to all intents and purposes is the launch of the first Trotskyist organization in this country and probably in the region and we are prepared to share our experience and struggles with our brothers in the region as we prepare for a revolution in Southern Africa as part of the African and world revolution. Despite the institutional challenges that we face we posses the most critical elements for any revolutionary body worth its name that is ideological and political clarity as well as a committed membership."
"We want to see you use bright colors or display a sun somewhere on your project."
"It still is. If there is a god I have no doubt that s/he loves all of us."
"Type 3: Non-organized:"
"Erasing your traces without knowing."
"Which takes me back to the kind comments that people have been sending 'me'. It’s right and good that people look out for other people. What troubles me is that their praise is predicated upon motives that have much to do with my supposed celebrity and not the efforts I’ve put into Twitter. If I didn’t have this name, would they think me funny? I guess not. And, from my side of the equation, it’s hard to feel any sense of accomplishment when you know people are judging you by a show you may have done in 1993 but you really can’t recall. The same, to a lesser extent, is true of this blog. I’m not so big a fool as to think that much of the attention it has received hasn’t had to do with the Madeley brand."
"Colombia is the second most biodiverse country on the planet. There are five geographic regions; the Andes, the Caribbean, the Pacific coast, the Amazon and the eastern plains."
"I doubt they would appeal to kids, but this is how I like my cookies. Classic with an unexpected twist."
"“Really? What happens then?” the secretary asks."
"Pete nodded. “Maka, you make the call. Make sure you raise the Johnsons and tell them to bring the .50′s.”"
"because i don’t understand"
"For security in the rough."
"to Towyn in Merionethshire, mid-Wales."
"The group was influential in forming the musical style that became known as samba rock or samba soul."
"they blaze into flame"
"Supplies: stamps - Stamping Bella Pia Puddingtop & Holiday Wishes; c/s - unknown c/s & pp; AMuse black dye ink pad; Copic markers & Spcia pens; Spellbinders regular & scalloped ovals; Martha Stewart red craft seam binding; white gel pen; pop dots; glue dots."
"It seems about 1,200 people, mostly young folks, were arrested for rioting-related causes in London earlier this dog-month of August. I don’t know too much about London, that’s for sure. But where I’m from, August is the hottest month of the year."
"Yeah. I have great social skills. In this case though, it turned out okay. Actually, better than okay."
"This paperback edition presents these perspicacious essays to a new readership, and shows the richness and complexity of H. P. Lovecraft’s writing-writing that is destined to endure for centuries. Citations to Lovecraft’s work have been updated to reflect newer and more accurate editions that have appeared since 1991, and some of the essays have been revised in other particulars."
"If you know my husband you would know that he calls himself a music snob. That is a fitting name for him. Keep in mind that being a music snob does not actually make you smart when it comes to music. Some of the music he listens to just isnt good. Not to me anyway. Thats the point of this blog. Every song that you hear on the radio is a great song, to somebody."
"Now you too can suffer from heat exhaustion as you wander the overly sunny streets of Mos Eisley looking for droids in full body armour, take a ride on Jabba's Sail Barge (no, not THAT kind of ride, you filthy degenerate. Okay, wait, apparently THAT kind of ride is available too, carry on), or just spend a weekend unwinding by killing a few tribes of Sand People."
"6) Start and join discussions online. Ahem. I may be a bit biased towards this one, because I’m a blogger, but really – Star Wars blogs and news sites would be nothing without the fans! Whether it’s starting a thread on a forum, or leading a discussion in a Star Wars/Sci-fi Chat room, you are a part of cultivating the fan base! I can’t tell you how thrilling it is to receive comments on things I post as a blogger, and there’s nothing more fun than being a ‘social butterfly’ about the things you love. Why do you think conventions are so popular? Social + what you love = AWESOME!"
"A 4 game set with the Angels can be quite beneficial for the Jays as the Angels have been slumping to start the season. Brandon Morrow will start off tomorrow night and luckily the Jays will not have to face the Angel’s ace Jered Weaver. Stayed tuned for a pre game analysis before tomorrow nights game as for now we can sit back and enjoy a great series win by the Toronto Blue Jays!"
"continue?"
"- 1/2 c. dried cranberries"
"Anya Taschereau"
"Because apparently you can NOT be Irish-green and Gay-pink at the same time. At least that’s what the NYC parade organizers think because the gays ARE NOT ALLOWED TO MARCH on St. Paddy’s Day. Let me amend that, they ARE allowed to march, just as long as they don’t “publicize their sexuality”."
"In fact, it is estimated that for men 40 and older, the risk for developing AF is 26 percent, and for women the risk is slightly less at 23 percent. These risks are not associated with congestive heart failure (CHF) or heart attacks (however the risk may increase with either CHF or heart attacks)."
"That brings us to today. The sun finally came out in Leamington, and it was much needed - I'd had a fairly shitty day at work yesterday, even with my fabulous frock on. I did manage to get out of the right side of bed this morning and put on something colourful to jolly myself along:"
"I marked the 25-year anniversary of Kate’s death by writing briefly in my blog about it."
"Dear God. I hate that drug. (Are there any addictive drugs that I don't hate?)"
"the shriek of artillery"
"The next and final day saw us boarding the Black Samurai from Mackay. The Black Samurai was popular with game fishermen and was usually chartered for long offshore trips (overnight-five day charters). Fortunately for us Tourism Queensland scored us a day gig but little did we know; it cost them $4,500. The plan was to hit the closest reef to the marina to chase pelagics such as Spanish mackerel and tuna… no mackerel and only one tuna! The bad luck just kept rolling on. Ben ‘Best job in the world’ Southall scored a nice barracuda but the fun ended there. We tried bottom bashing with handlines (God I hate these things) in 25 metres of water and before we could pull up any fish they would get eaten by sharks – they were ravenous! I managed to get a batfish up but that was it; he didn’t release too well and probably became shark food in the end anyway…"
"So, with 172 days to go, here is my very own 30 Before 30 Project:"
"Yay me! - Im going to assume you are also yaying !- so thanks.... loves ... hugs big bear ones ( the ones that it’s hard to breath those are the best)"
"Yesterday we traveled across town to meet our favorite photographer. Jennifer took Emily's newborn and 6-month pictures, and we love her so much we booked Emily's 1-year session about six months ago."
"Just a few feet away.....and Shag was shagging some soggy seaweed!"
"Full disclaimer: while I am trying to cook more healthily at home, I do not always stick to it when I dine out at the big-ticket restaurants. I am first and foremost a gluttonous foodie nerd, and if there is a steak tartare with crackers to be had by a chef I hugely admire, then so help me I will have it."
"AdriN2001: But hey I gotta go"
"Didn't the prophet (s), in the following authentic hadith, urge Muslims to resist evil: \"Whoever of you sees a wrong done, he should try to change it, first with his hand, second with his tongue, and finally, if he couldn't, he should denounce it in his heart, which represents the weakest point of faith.\""
"5- Start adding the beaten egg little by little until you form a dough. It shouldn't be sticky. If you feel that that dough is a bit dry, add more beaten egg, 1 tsp a time. Do this step slowly because this dough will quickly turn wet and sticky and this would make shaping the cookies hard, and even affect the final result."
"There is still the question of EGO"
"Just click on each DT name and it will take you directly to their personal blog, thanks so much we appreciate your support."
"So it seems apartment leasing and construction is leading the real estate recovery, as builders are still reluctant to start much new single family construction. Econoday reports that optimism continues for the apartment industry, according to the latest results of the National Multi Housing Council (NMHC) Quarterly Survey of Apartment Market Conditions. The findings reflect a gradual recovery for the multifamily sector that faced a 50-year low in apartment starts in 2009."
"But this is not a rant about vegetarians, it's a rant about Marmite."
"05-Phantoms-Apache.mp3"
"It was 1996. Jerry Maguire looked across the room at Dorothy Boyd, and with tear-stained cheeks he gave her his heart along with three little words, \"You complete me.\""
"It does happen, not just on blogger, for all sorts of reasons. If you google things like \"blog deleted\" or \"can't access my blog\", you'll see some scary stories."
"Bread Pudding"
"- Phil Rushton"
"Which brings me back to anniversaries. There’s a chance now that the book will be read again, and hopefully be relevant, and remind someone of those dead British soldiers, and Argentine conscripts, and all the drowned sailors in the Belgrano that was torpedoed outside the combat zone, sailing away, and all the crippled heroes, too. No"
"more outdoor art. She saw its pedestrian bridge built like a curved canoe. However, she disagrees with the artist: it looked more closer to a kayak. There was enough cyclists whirling around in this area, even though she was vacationing on a weekday afternoon."
"Yes, I'm splitting hairs, but I have a blog and I can do that."
"I then wound ribbon around around a kebab stick and secured it behind the mask. To give the mask more depth the glue is applied to each side of the mask only and stuck to the black background so that the mask bows out slightly."
"If you are not sure yet which hand your sweetie prefers, you can get a set of Benders that your baby can practice with. I like these because you can bend them side to side or even up to suit your child’s current skills, though I find them to be only really useful with foods that stick to them because of their small bowl size."
"But today, the once-thriving Minutemen anti-illegal immigration fraternity has all but died out. No one knows exactly why the groups fizzled so quickly, but researchers and former border-watching leaders say infighting and bad press have taken a toll. At the same time, the tea party movement started to rise, which usurped members and stole the groups’ thunder."
"I love to find fun quizzes online..it's probably reminiscent of my cosmo days... I found this great one to discover your inner style... mine? well here's what I got:"
"Whilst scouting through my reading list I came across this sketch:"
"Oh God, I know. I know. I broke the number 1 rule in bringing your lunch to work. Close 2nd is don’t be a lunch stealer (see this post explanation). But yeah….I broke the rule, and I brought fish for lunch. So sue me."
"Anyway, if you read me, you know I don’t plug many things… But this one I’m going to mention. One, because it is a good watch, and pretty quick, though I did take a few breaks while watching to let more of it “sink in.” And second, because it’s a great conversation starter, but impossible to have a conversation about it unless others watch. And while I wouldn’t mind having coffee with you all to chat about some of the things brought up and discussed in the film, I think it’d be even more useful if it became part of a large global or at least national discussion."
"Due out October 26th 2010"
"· “Christmas Candles” is a beautiful love song for the season and hard to find in other collections."
"Proverbs 10:27 The fear of the LORD prolongs life, But the years of the wicked will be shortened."
"I used 1/2 ratio on rice and water, but slowly added stock as it simmered. But first...start off like you would a risotto (it will not be creamy as a risotto). Saute onions in oil, add rice (to pop open hull, and let moisture in as it cooks); add seasonings, and stir before you add the first cup of chicken or beef stock, or any stock you desire."
"“Actually,” I say turning to look at her, “I think we’ll give him two more minutes and then go in and fish him out.” She seems almost as relieved as I am at the prospect. Finally, a plan that makes sense."
"These were all shoot with a D700 and the following lenses: 20mm 2.8, 28mm 2.8 and a 85mm 1.8."
"He looks at me and grins -"
"I do hope that many of our participants continue with their writing and attend more courses. Philip is currently raising further funds and planning to extend this fantastic programme even further. We all wish him every success and look forward to taking part again. All our words resonate across the world."
"I think especially in this digital age of twitter and facebook we all need portraits of ourselves. And I am not just talking about holding the camera as far back as you can and smile * oops cut off most of my head… try again *"
"Taukan, 3 blocks, cut into strips"
"Mrs Marr looks me sombrely in the eyes. “Don’t you be doing anything stupid Green. And if you don’t mind me saying pet – you’re looking a little bit rough these days”."
"For my Y post, I wrote about ways I get into the groove of becoming healthy. Today, I'd like to share my motivation for becoming fit: I am afraid of zombies. A while ago, I reflected on this phenomenon but I've recently discovered (after watching a few episodes of The Walking Dead) that a fear of a zombie epidemic can be a true motivator for becoming fit."
"I wonder at this phenomenon, sometimes as if I’m the only one that can see."
"Again shall the Builder reshape a new world."
"Yet in a 2011 interview with comedian Jon Stewart (in which Stewart attributed his comedic success partly to peoples' disappointment with the news media), Fox anchor Chris Wallace said: \"I don't think our viewers are the least bit disappointed with us. I think our viewers think, finally, they're getting somebody who tells the other side of the story.\""
"(The Hotel in which Mildred Packer died)"
"Christmas at the Zoo – Flaming Lips"
"Of his visits abroad, Lim, who is secretary-general of DAP, acknowledged the co-operation of federal agencies in their foreign postings such as those from the Ministry of International Trade and Industry, the Malaysian Investment Development Authority (MIDA) and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Wisma Putra)."
"I was a 21-year-old university student then, happily backpacking through Europe (on a quest, as one Danish friend put it, to “see the most train”) en route to Moscow for a semester of study abroad. We’d stopped in Venice to stay with friends in a magnificent old apartment. A quick call home found worry in my mom’s voice and an exhortation to switch on CNN."
"47. There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it. —C. S. Lewis, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (1952)"
"“When I turned 13 and the famous Corvette Stingray came about, that car was pure sex and just an incredible machine. I wanted it."
"This is my first SOLC, in fact, this in my first time participating in any SOL. For the past year, I have read people's slices, but never took the risk myself. Until this March. Anne Rice's quote resonates with me because I am quite timid when it comes to writing my daily slice and clicking on \"Post.\" My writing talent pretty much exists in the research paper writing genre, and I could cite using APA format with my eyes closed (without a citation generator, of course!). But when it comes to creative writing or writing about my daily life experiences, I am very intimidated."
"Lesson 2"
"I used my wire to make several groupings of beads (blue-orange-blue), and connected them together to get my desired length. I connected them all together simply by using my pliers and makings little loops at the end of each wire piece, the loops are then hooked together. This gives the necklace the ability to move, rather than stay rigid. One end of the chain of beds then got a jump ring, and the other got a clasp. Voila! New necklace :)"
"“These stables were estimated to have cost $250,000. The stalls were made of Spanish mahogany and the floors were covered in tiles set in a zig-zag pattern so that the horses would not slip. When the main castle was completed, it was connected to the stables by a tunnel. Here, in 1944, in utmost secrecy, the Royal Navy placed an assembly plant for ASDIC, an early form of sonar which was vital in the battles of the Atlantic. The existence of this factory was disclosed only after the Second World War had ended.”"
"I left the above ^ section about his personality the same from the last update because that hasn't really changed. Gabe is super easy-going and fun-loving. My MIL can't get enough of him and she thinks he is the best little baby boy and so well-behaved. He is super chill and just...fun! He knows his boundaries and is very obedient when he is told to stop. He is always trying to make people smile and laugh and is usually pretty successful!"
"½ pound unsalted butter, melted; more as needed"
"Innovation in Action"
"Sepawi is also Chairman and major shareholder of the construction giant Naim Cendara (in receipt of major government contracts), Chairman and major shareholder of Ta Ann one of the largest plantation and logging companies (given huge lands by Taib), Chairman and major shareholder of Sarawak Plantation Bhd (in receipt of vast plantation licences). Crucially, he is also as Treasurer of PBB (putting him in charge of all the money in the chief political party). Then there are all the key associations representing people’s interests that Sepawi is also Chairman of, such as the Oil Palm Plantation Owners Association. He is also Chairman of the Board of Sarawak Enterprise. The list continues."
"And here's the award blurb from the Houston SCBWI site:"
"Elton John is a Grammy Award winning English Singer, Songwriter, Composer, and Pianist."
"- Inclusion and exclusion on the local level: citizenship ‘from below’?"
"Image/Stamp-Digital Set called Home Tweet Home by Studio 313"
"I will give him a real woman. Not a harridan or a doll, not a dolt or a caricature but a living, breathing equal partner, who is not dying or impossibly pious. And I'll also bring an amicable divorce from Catherine and a Dear John letter from Ellen, so he can enjoy her."
"play , dance or sing in the streets, we can do so, stopping or claiming"
"After being pulled from the ocean with two bullets in his back, Bourne struggles to remember who he is and what he has done. He commandeers Marie (Potente), a German student, and her car for a trip across Europe to discover his true identity. Simultaneously, the head of a government agency known as Treadstone (Cooper) is dead-set on bringing the rouge spy down."
"And this has happened before (Harry Potter and the early Tom Clancy novels come to mind): for some reason, certain kinds of novels have the ability to short-circuit the taste and discernment I have been cultivating for the last couple of decades. And it feel sooooooo good."
"year."
"It depends on the way you look at it and how you bring your life experiences to the stage. I’ve been a dancer all my life, performing in front people. It felt normal to me. The interviews and platform parts were me merely bringing my life of wife (for 20 years) and mother (for 18 years) front and center, and sharing"
"So, suitcases packed, work dealt with, we depart. I apologise if I don't respond to your comments (assuming anyone actually reads this drivel) but I cannot 'auto-respond' to them. I had to create one of those for my work e-mail doofer and it reads like this:-"
"2. Mix ricotta cheese, mozzarella cheese, salt, and pepper in a large bowl until thoroughly blended. Set aside."
"The green one?!"
"The teacher DID NOT GET FIRED. The aide was dismissed, but the teacher was moved to another school. Case closed."
"If true, AEY would have violated U.S. law that prohibits the acquisition of munitions from Chinese military companies."
"It's been busy around here with at least some garden prep and planting happening daily. In addition to the vegetable garden, I'm trying to set up a cutting garden, hoping to grow enough to provide flowers for my mom's bed and breakfast, in addition to our eggs."
"Still simple, of course, just make these two changes to the mix instructions, and frost!"
"Given the title and cover, this seemed like a cute summer read so even though it is not officially summer yet, I wanted to give this a shot. I was able to read through it in only a few sittings one day due to the brevity."
"Firstly you missed the orchestra a taste of some of 2012′s greatest video game tracks. Every nominated game for the “Best original music” award was represented. The CVAs opened up its musical extravaganza with a song from Assassins Creed Revelations. They proceeded to send our ears to Tim Horto… I mean heaven with songs from Deus Ex:Human Revolution, Might and Magic: Clash of Heroes, Super Brothers: Sword and Sorcery and wrapping up the nominees we heard from Warhammer 40,000 Space Marine. But the CVA crew wasn’t done they wrapped up the shows live music with a stunning and eargasmic rendition of our favorite game melodies."
"Is anyone still out there? Yes, it's me, your long-lost Diva Stamper!"
"“It was the first time I had ever heard the word ‘skint’ and what he said is totally true."
"Canada should kick political correctness down the road and let this fellow remain in Canada and become a citizen. Indeed Canada should open its doors to many more whites from South Africa. We accept people from every corner of the world as refugees but apparently only if you are of the Politically Correct pigment, that being any shade other than white."
"I turn back to the band -"
"Now I can’t stay too serious on one thing or I’ll stay bummed. Here’s a picture of Marion Butts:"
"Getting to Know the Different Trampoline Parts"
"It's not something I was really aware of at the time, but one of the real bonuses I got from having 'older' parents was the music that I was brought up with. At school, many of my friends had mums and dads who were into the Beatles, the Rolling Stones, The Who etc etc. But mine were fans of music from decades earlier, and I was brought up on a heavy diet of easy listening... Sinatra, Crosby, Mathis, Nat Cole etc etc. I don't think I appreciated that much of it at the time, but it was the soundtrack to my early years, and as I've got older, I've noticed that much of it has matured in my brain, and I now genuinely enjoy most of the artists that my parents liked. I see this as a complete 'Brucey Bonus' as this is in addition to all the music I've discovered on my own. It works like a dream, and the combination of the two gives me an interest in music spanning from the 30's right up to today, and I'm pleased to be able to appreciate such a wide variety of music. And I really don't care if it's cool or not, if I like it, that's good enough for me!"
"No exceptions, no clauses, no loopholes, no hyphens. If it is an animal product, it is not vegan."
"Just watched this film at the weekend and thought it was well good to ok nothing special, nothing even memorable but it wasn’t bad. It was basically Rock ‘Em Sock ‘Em Robots turned into a movie, but unlike the battleship being converted to a film they didn’t have fun with it, but instead decided to go more serious with a bit of a gritty back story and a bad father son dynamic. A gritty, white-knuckle, action ride set in the near-future where the sport of boxing has gone high-tech, Real Steel stars Hugh Jackman as Charlie Kenton, a washed-up fighter who lost his chance at a title when 2000-pound, 8-foot-tall steel robots took over the ring. Tim’s Film Reviews: wait till it comes out on TV."
"Artificial Intelligence!"
"My Cat: Luna Bubby"
"At the time I thought, well, okay... but we didn't really know any of these other unschoolers well enough to show up at their homes with our overnight bags."
"What was the point of the attack? Well, it was reported that 93,000 accounts had their credit card details stolen, so some sort of financial motive could have been behind it all. The attack caused a huge amount of aggravation, a common goal in the day and age of ‘LulzSec’. That might have been the reason. Sony had angered a few people with its aggressive suing of ‘hackers’ and the removal of Other OS, the homebrew communities favourite. Any of these could have been the true motive. Honestly, we don’t know ‘why’, but do we know ‘who’?"
"My student said, along the way, “I’m trying not to play E-natural!”"
"3. Here is the my favorite, and I want to begin to incorporate more into my own business life. Virtual meetings. The ability to see and touch each other is not 100% but its pretty close. With the gas prices the way they are, this alone can save you hundreds of dollars a month. I haven’t done a lot of it, and internet speed can vary how well it works."
"38 Barbara Ann"
"The Korean asked around, and discovered some volunteer opportunities. For most North Korean defectors, one of the most difficult parts of adjusting to the South Korean society is South Korea's pervasive use of English. Not only are English words liberally used in everyday conversation, English skill is essential to obtain a well-paying job in an export-oriented economy like South Korea. Most North Korean defectors have a difficult time adjusting to this, and require continuous tutoring in English to be fully functional as they live in South Korea."
"studio recording/Prankster production tape circa late 1965"
"That unified patent court: the case against bifurcation. If you have been thinking that everything has gone quiet and that no-one cares about the proposed unified patent litigation system and the bifurcation of dispute resolution -- hearing infringement issues in one court and validity in another -- think again. Here's a paper by Nokia's head of litigation Richard Vary which seeks to demonstrate that bifurcation is not just bad for the Brits, it's bad for all European industry. This paper, delivered last week to the UK's Intellectual Property Office, can be read here. Among other things it contains reference to the famous Angora cat which readers of this weblog will recall encountering here and here."
"Happy moments from yesterday:"
"I've punched flowers using a Fiskars Oopsie Daisy punch, Marvy Uchida medium daisy, Punch Bunch small and mini sun to form my coordinating Gerber Daisies. QuicKutz oak leaves surround my handmade flowers. Here's a closer view of one of my Gerber Daisies . . ."
"As the season of snow, ice and long dark European nights draws gathers momentum, the legal institutions of the former Soviet Union and current Russian Federation seem to be getting their furry winter knickers in a twist examining the uncomfortable gap that exists between its history, its present and its commercial potential."
"I promise!!!!"
"Name: HG World"
"It's a fact world over: boys are favored. It's shown in so many ways. The startling disparity in the number of boy babies and girl babies born in places like India and China. Naturally, the divide should be 105 boys for every 100 girls. One province of China has 163 boys born for every 100 girls, and nationally it's 118 boys. In India, upwards of 300,000 pregnancies with girls are terminated yearly. There are 7 million more boys under the age of six than girls. Even in the United States, the vast number of people say they want a boy (in a Gallup poll of 1,020 people, almost twice as many said they would prefer a boy). It's shown in the 23.5% wage differential in the U.S. and the fact that women with children are less likely to be hired in a position than equally qualified fathers. It's shown in the ratio of male to female lawmakers (in Congress and Senate the ratio is 445 to 93). It's shown in the way that women's health issues have become such a sticking point in the election (it's 2012 and we're still fighting for health care?). It's shown in the fact that it's an insult to \"throw like a girl.\" In the fact that the \"dumb blonde\" of jokes is always a woman. It shows in the way that toy makers coat all \"girl\" toys in pink, while leaving the \"boy\" counterparts as accurate representations of what cars or tools or animals look like. In a study of over 5,000 children's books, boy characters outnumbered girl characters by 1.6 to 1. In the top 100 movies in 2008, only 33% of speaking roles went to women. Girls have so much emphasis placed on their looks their entire lives, and again, that matters: a 2009 study found that being overweight harms a woman's chances for career advancement but presents no such obstacle for men. The United Nations proclaimed that there \"are no societies in which women enjoy the same opportunities as men\" (emphasis mine). It shows when companies make t-shirts that boast \"I'm too pretty to do homework\" or \"pretty like mommy\" (while the boy version was \"smart like daddy\" - because neither girls nor mommies can be smart?). It shows when a female writer chooses to write about Harry Potter instead of Harriet Potter (don't get me wrong: I love Hermoine. But the book isn't based on her.). Of the Time list of the 100 Most Influential People in the World, only 38 are women. Boys are the \"heirs;\" girls are the \"spares.\" It's generally assumed that women can't drive, change a tire, fix a computer, or enjoy sports."
"Doesn't that sound great?!"
"Prohibition agains pictures"
"The other day, I was out and about in a bit of a shopping frame of mind – perusing the wares on offer in a sports emporium; a shop that offered (across its four floors) everything one’d require if one was a real back-packer to gadgets designed to get the very best out of a snorkeling experience; from football strips in one’s favourite team colours to hiking boots and biking gear; from tennis racquets to rugby balls."
"\"A decline in clinical research decreases the number of people the pharmaceutical industry can employ who are interested or have experience in doing clinical research,\" warned Narsai."
"I won't be buying from that seller again. I know my decision isn't exactly going to bring the seller to his knees. But I can't reward a counterfeiter with further business."
"“No one can serve two masters” Matthew 6:24"
"Dawn’s new parents were stricter, too. She wasn’t allowed on the bus on her own, and she had to stay in her room until she’d finished her times tables."
"Q013) Tell us a popular phrase among young Korean women!"
"This was also one my favorite spiritual things said at BYU Women's Conference (so many great things were said that I don't know if I'll ever be able to make printables for everything I heard, plus my printables somehow don't seem to do the words justice since the conference was so amazing)."
"Mannie Leroy Clark, 54, New York, N.Y."
"You read that right. K and I and the rest of the gang are moving house. The new place is in Phoenixville, a classic town with great restaurants, an old-fashioned movie theater, and a brewery. What more can a gal want? Oh, and it’s near biking trails and just around the corner is a park, the perfect place for walking Pablo. As you can see, he’s eager to get going."
"Unless my outfits are uncomfortable or overly revealing, I’m usually not self-conscious about what I wear. Looking at this picture though, my eyes are bleeding a little from the bright colors and I think maybe I SHOULD feel out of place among my conservatively dressed officemates. But I really don’t care."
"But she did not tell me what to do when men break down and lie"
"Later, he notices odd goings-on in the shantytown where he lives. Shadowy figures converge on a church across the street. Following them, he finds a laboratory, broadcasting equipment, and a cache of unusual sunglasses. After a surprise — and suspiciously hostile — raid by the local police, he returns to the church, and salvages a box of shades. When he actually tries a pair on, his life changes irrevocably as he suddenly perceives conspiracies all around him."
"As The Blaze has reported, the woman, Barbara Johnson, has publicly called for the Rev. Marcel Guarnizo of St. John Neumann Catholic Church to be removed. Now, following these pleas and the national outraged that followed, he has officially been placed on leave."
"Miles 21-26.2"
"The best part about the conservatory is that it is built just off the 'dining area' of the kitchen and when we had the kitchen renewed in 2006 (OMG, doesn't seem that long ago!), we removed the doors and plastered it up to make it more cohesive but open space. Not having doors ensures that, while the temperature is colder in the conservatory - there is a huge difference by not shutting it off. The temp is more even between the kitchen and conservatory than it used to be.. We know that if we wanted to sell thought, we would have to re-instate the doors. It is great that the kettle is literally round the corner from my chair. The downside is that if I don't keep the area tidy - it can be seen from the kitchen by visitors - although most of my visitors by and large know all about my crafty habits."
"Usage – The jester tried all of his tricks to get audience to laugh."
"If any doubt remained it was earsed in that moment, this baby was a boy. The name we had chosen for our son means “dark.” He would look like his father."
"When I leave the kitchen or food storage areas which are in our home, our kitchen and then we have a pantry area in our basement, I LEAVE THEM...til breakfast. SOMETIMES I feel a pull to go back mentally and emotionally, but I busy myself in my den or if it's time to go to bed, I go there...I will use that feeling too to drink water or other healthful beverage~NEVER sugary stuff...b/c I have placed that item in the den or bedside. I NEVER drink juice b/c it's totally a FAST SHOT of sugar that has little fiber and drives UP blood sugars...I don't need FAST, but rather the fiber of fresh whole fruit metabolize on the slow...and make for more consistent energy...I NEED that...in so many ways...."
"He crawled forward as he reached out, touching lightly on all sides of the tunnel, pushing for firmness before putting more of his weight into it. He crawled about twenty to twenty-five feet before he came to an end. He touched and slightly pushed, but he could go no further. He lay on his elbows, forearms, and knees, thinking about digging ahead. He reached forward and pushed at the dirt, poking a finger to see if he could dig somewhere, but a thin layer of soil fell away to reveal hard stone. He peeled at the soil and eventually uncovered a circle of stone at the end of his hopeful tunnel."
"I know you have someone you want to give this gift to! Yes! it feels good already:)"
"3. Ladle the custard over the caramel into the ramekins filling them up to 1/4-inch from the rim. Place a kitchen towel in a deep baking dish or roasting pan and place the ramekins in 2 rows on top of the towel. Place the baking dish in the oven and using a pitcher, pour enough hot (not boiling) water into the baking dish to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins, taking care not to get water in the ramekins. Cover the baking dish tightly with aluminum foil and bake just until the flan is set, about 30-40 minutes. When you tap the edge of the ramekin the flan should still jiggle in the center."
"Yet we know that even in these moments - perhaps especially in these moments - you are with us. Comforting us through the community that surrounds us, and through the presence of your Holy Spirit."
"Black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon, crushed"
"31. Deep Down - Christy (parade 50) (03:03)"
"The idea is to plant the image then return to it, creating a good transition as you do."
"As we’ve pointed out before, recycling is a sustainable buzzword. But too often kids (and their adults) learn very little about the mechanics of recycling. So that is going to be our focus for the next few days."
"I think it's a good idea to review and rethink what we do every so often. Without noticing, we slip back into old ways and bad habits. Having our own review keeps us on our toes. Hanno and I are concentrating on four key areas at the moment - the 50 percent meat reduction, which is going really well, getting the entire vegetable garden planted and productive, decluttering and reorganising our bedrooms, and our food expenditure. I'm pretty sure some of you will need to check these areas too, so all this week, I'm going to write about those four things and hope you follow along with your own review and adjustments."
"…did it live up to it’s “life-like give” expectations fully? You say it was the “real deal”, can you give us the clinical detail…"
"After actually giving up at one stage - I had the phone ready to tell a few brewers to put the word out I was selling the kit - we noticed something so obvious I'd missed it. We had that rickity old shed, the one with rats underneath at some time in the past, and woodworm and rot running all the way through it. The reason we'd ignored it was the brewing vessels were too tall for it. Taking pictures of the kit for ebay was when the obvious thing dawned on me. They had over 18 inches of leg that could be cut down."
"I was quite disappointed when I didn’t get any response on my previous blog which I wrote with great pleasure and happiness. For once, I thought of stopping to be a part of wordpress.com any longer but see, I’m here. Its not so easy to stop blogging once when you have started it."
"The police were the first to arrive. I have no idea what the police officer said. I just could not understand what was taking the ambulance so long. Evan told me to get dressed. I was soaking from the night sweats. I changed my clothes."
"From the red clay of Stuttgart to the blue clay of Madrid, Maria Sharapova continued her strong play in the first round of the 2012 Mutua Madrid Open by routing Irina-Camelia Begu, 6-0 6-3. Most importantly, Masha brought her strong service game with her. Both players had 79% first serve percentages, but that means a lot more for Sharapova than Begu, as Masha won an astounding 88% of points on her first serve. She was never broken in the match while breaking Begu 4 times. Obviously, the path gets more difficult as Masha advances through the draw, but but coming off her title at the 2012 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix it’s good to get the first match in Madrid out of the way quickly."
"Jacqueline E. Luckett worked in sales for Xerox for twenty years. During that time she married, raised a family, and took creative writing classes where she reignited her love of writing."
"LynneKelly I sure hope @MyPretendDog isn’t chewing on the couch."
"MM APA's moment in the sun is fading, I believe, and they also had its replacement lined up: the new version of Messrs Maguire Porter is a decent and quite dry effort, but not terribly exciting. It probably warrants some closer analysis when it eventually shows up in its home pub."
"As someone who, even now, still considers himself a student of cinema (and film criticism) rather than an authority on the art form by any means, Wood's explication of the role of a film critic especially resonates with me. I am only one voice, and I can only bring my own personal experiences and emotional makeup to bear on assessing the value of a work of art. Whether my voice is of any value to anyone is, I guess, up to the individual."
"Today's another day with abundant sunshine. I think a Mother's Day bike ride is in order today :)"
"“I’ve seen them bring table and chair to the corridor everyday to use the laptop. obviously stealing wifi,” he wrote."
"Treyarch managed to create a really good story in Black Op’s and an immersive experience that really started from the main menu, where you could release Mason from the shackles and do some hacking on the computer. The hacking really expanded the single player story with some story tidbits and more information on the key characters – there were great elements that really showed how much Treyarch focused on the story. I wish they didnt feel the need to do such gratuitous violence though. It seems that in order for videogames to be viewed as “real entertainment” for adults, they have to show ultra-violence. The knife in the eye in Black Ops and glass in the mouth was just a bit too much in Black Ops. You dont need such violence to create impact – take a risk, trust your dialogue, digital actors, animators, pacing and the effect that a combination of these things can achieve."
"Kathy Rudolph"
"The guards stayed a couple yards behind while the Lord approached. His steel face would've grinned if capable. \"Old friend, Simonstern, I hope time has treated you well.\""
"6. Gokseong"
"(Frederick Douglas)"
"A nice break from work."
"“Ooohhss.” I said meekly. We shook hands and both went our separate ways, he to go back to his desk and practice Karate moves and yelling, and I to go get some food and then find out how to get blood stains out of a Karate uniform."
"1. Using a letter opener or knife, carefully open all sides of the envelope you would like to use. Lay it out flat and glue the edges with the glue stick. Turn it over and place it firmly onto the cardstock. Using your scissors, cut neatly around the edges of the envelope, which will leave you with an envelope, open, on cardstock. This is your envelope template. Make as many different sizes and shapes as your mind can conceive of."
"I’m sorry about everything."
"A downpour, absolute deluge, woke me up too early. I was able to go back to snooze. Then Cleo decided it was time for me to GET UP. It's a gray ucky day."
"I believe social media is important, in Media especially, because site traffic directly translates to ad money that papers and magazines need to stay alive. The tools that we use help us track, down to the finest detail, how and why people are going to GQ.com from our social media channels. That helps us guide strategy toward what kind of posts work and don’t work and determine how we can maximize traffic in other areas."
"Why I kept the cover, I don’t know but, I am glad I did. It seems when ever we have a bug floating through the house, I am out of all the required essentials ~ like ginger ale, popsicles, etc. The kids always seem to find my stash of said items and consume them. So I decided to stash the essentials in the “bucket” in a ziplock bag."
"I love when you call the utilities, it's like the Inquisition just to get to the meat of the conversation. And while I'm on the account, they rarely want to talk to the \"missus\", so I end up lying and saying \"Joseph\" when they ask my name. It wears me down and so I just naturally do that now. Joe isn't home during the day to handle such stuff, and what difference is it to them WHO fixes the internet connection?? I'm not stealing top secret government secrets here, pal. I'm just trying to fix the damn computer."
"The word sin in Hebrew is cha-ta, which means ‘to miss the target‘. The word ‘Torah’ now becomes a very vital word doesn’t it?"
"For the batter you’ll wanna pick a beer with some umph, otherwise, what’s the point? The presence of the chili powder in the batter give it a nice kick, while the Panko offers some serious crunch."
"There is also always a murder or violent death somewhere in all those hundreds of thousands of words. And those are the passages Dickens loved to read aloud at the personal performances which might have shortened his life, so physically exhausting were they. It reminds us of what he said to Dostoevsky; he had a strong sense of the potential for evil in himself, in every one of us, as I do."
"Jack: Why didn’t you tell me that?? DUHHHH!!!"
"Why? Because birds, bees and other pollinators are responsible for as much as every third bite we eat — the best part of our diets: fresh fruits and vegetables. According to Pollinator, more than 80 percent of the world’s crops require pollination. But declines in the health and population of pollinators across the world pose what could be a significant threat to biodiversity, global food webs, and our health."
"1-2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar"
"First up was a trio of amuse from the host chef:"
"While the sage,"
"There is also a coming of age dimension, for in unravelling the truths about his brother Jonas is also learning about himself. Therefore it is an epiphany of sorts, and also a bridge that brings the family closer—particularly between Jonas and his father."
"Disclaimer : I don’t own the casts, they belongs to God, Shindong belong to himself and his agency. Nari eonni belongs to him. I don’t take any profits of this, nor make money, just to satisfy my wild imagination. Enjoy this!"
"When my little girl decided she wanted to start using a camera I knew I needed to help her. Problem being, my last two digital point-and-shoot cameras are defunct. One broke due to old age, the second broke in a certain motorcyle wreck a while back. Simple math--I didn't have a camera to give her and I certainly don't have the money to rush out and buy her one. So, I did what I had to do."
"I know nothing of these dreams"
"Like Sunset Blvd., the namesake of Billy Wilder's Hollywood horror story from 50 years before, Mulholland Dr. feels like a living piece of the city's history. Unlike Wilder's route to disaster however, there's not much reason to take Lynch's winding artery through the Hollywood Hills unless you're one of the lucky few who have a home there or, like me, you wish you did. Literally and figuratively rising above the city glittering beneath, it's the pinnacle of Hollywood and Lynch's film immediately taps into the dream/nightmare that it represents."
"The devastation of three hurricanes…destroyed much of this home…. But not it’s family or it’s soul."
"AT&T Spotlight Performance: Steelo Vasquez – a street dancer who suffered a brain aneurysm that left him unable to walk or talk. His performance tonight is his first public performance since he was hospitalized. Such an amazing story, it brought a lot of people in the audience to tears, including me."
"ONE STEP AT A TIME"
"Superintendent Henry Budhram said the policeman, (Constable Hlanganani Nxumalo, pictured left) who is part Radebe's VIP protection unit, is expected to appear in the Camperdown Magistrates Court on Monday, where he faces 12 charges of attempted murder."
"The subcommittee's probe of a sitting governor is unusual, according to historians, and unprecedented in modern times."
"In the spirit of the day, some bun spam:"
"So, colour me impressed. I am surprised Jason Kenney and the Conservatives did something like this. They have, after all, inherited a mess of an immigration system that has wound itself into a Gordian Knot and someone has to wield that sword sooner or later. While I applaud this move it still does not address the main problems of too many immigrants coming to Canada and too many coming from too few source countries. If reforms are to be made it is not only in cutting the numbers we accept each year in total but also the mix as well."
"Helen xx"
"The title is an invitation, so is the book cover and what more to catch my interest – the blurb said it’s about two friends, their journey from the cradle (not to the grave yet)… but well into their adult years… the story of Raheen (Ra) and Kareem (Cream) and their families: the relationships between fathers and sons, fathers and daughters, between best friends, a group of friends, not-so friends and acquaintance."
"-Similar music tastes"
"Many of my upper grade students have been bringing their work home lately to work more on it. They ask ME! I feel so encouraged. . . especially because they are bringing it back. One student, who I've watched go from scribbles to sophisticated drawing, asked to bring his playing card home (we are designing playing card portraits.) He was so proud to show his mom his work. He's been working on a scrap piece of paper to make designs that he will add this weekend to the card. I LOVE the little ones, they area squeezable, creative and exuberant, but the upper grades and this level of work really picks me up after talking about lines and identifying shapes and where the trash can is for 5 hours of the day. Somewhere in my next life I will be making more of my own art and teaching in a high school (photography/video preferably.) For right now, I am happy to be where I am. I always say I will stay here as long as our principal stays. I bet you've never heard that one, but a good principal is hard to find. We all can agree on that, I'm sure."
"Stamp - Verve Jeremiah 29:11"
"Some years ago I thought a man named Sardonic Scholar into existence. He would be my alter ego, The man behind whose face, I would lurk and hopefully say what was really going on in my mind. Hopefully say these things without too much of a consequence. I was, after all, a writer for The Muslim Woman."
"Cook until the other side is golden."
"Sandals: Coliseo Sandals- ::DeeR:: -(Kawaii Fair)"
"As JinC has pointed out, the record of an official police spokesperson (Cpl. David Addison) giving out false information to the public is unacceptable. Yet no record exists that Addison was disciplined in any way for his false and inflammatory statements."
"Wha-bay ...your guess is as good as mine!!"
"Along with the society commentary about women and mystery surrounding Daniel, there’s also an element of romance in this novel, although it isn’t the focal point. Much as Lucy’s aims in life aren’t centred around falling in love, this novel doesn’t focus primarily on her love life. Despite this, I did enjoy the way that Lucy’s relationship with Will developed. She didn’t swoon or spend hours pining over him, but they clearly cared deeply for each other. Perhaps some romance readers will be disappointed that Lucy isn’t more enamoured with Will, but I found their relationship to be very realistic. It was nice to read about such a simple relationship that was complicated by external events, rather than misunderstandings or confused emotions."
"Even though these were completed back in June, they've not yet been revealed here and each one of these babies is a gem, so I don't want to leave any out!"
"B2 Flagellants Protective Custody"
"Barclays has come up with a new way to pick Fund Managers, called ”The Science and Art of Manager Selection,” This New York Times articles gives a synopsis of the report as well as a link too it."
"This way I will only find out what I need to know. The danger of blanket research in advance of writing is that, not knowing what you want to know, you end up with masses of material which is strictly speaking superfluous to your story but which, because you’ve worked so hard to get it, you are tempted to put in. We’ve all read the kind of novel where the narrative keeps on taking a rest so that the author can give us a little lecture. It’s like those television plays in which, having spent a lot of time and money on getting to some exotic location, the producer forgets that scenery is background and the whole thing metamorphoses into an artistic centaur, half plodding drama, half ambling travelogue. Selectivity is all. Writing is like painting: a highlight here, a touch of colour there, can suggest more than an album of photographs can show.’"
"The advanced VoiceOver feature helps you find the song you are looking for quickly and efficiently by speaking the names of son…"
"they resulted in a strikingly individual compositional style."
"There are two ways, the first a non-pagan friend of mine pointed out. This is when a song is going round and around in your head. It’s your subconscious, which has latched on to the song as a way of telling you something and if you figure out what it’s trying to tell you, the song will stop."
"My fourteen-year-old, Savannah has always been a saver. She saves all her money from birthday presents and allowance. She doesn't usually save for anything in particular; she just kind of tucks it away for future use. When a movie comes out that she really wants to see, she knows she'll have the money to buy a ticket, or when she sees a shirt she wants to buy, she knows she'll have the cash to purchase it because she doesn't spend frivolously on everything that comes her way."
"“Yes, you did.” Norma had watched the news report. “You were on television.”"
"From that day on, I worked on this faith. I looked for ways to improve my faithful life. I found friends with the same desire. I found a new community, now I’m attending a caring group. I’m also praying for guidance to lead me to the kind of service I can offer in the community, I’ve just started to read the Bible with heart and purpose. I know I am not perfect. I know I am a sinner. I understand, everybody is happy and sad at the same time, at different levels in the same way as I suffer."
"Once they are hard, put them in a pretty jar and add a nice ribbon, and Voila! you have a lovely gift to give :) Just remember that you will be asked for more... :)"
"It is no understatement to say that Anglada represents for many thousands of Spaniards inside and outside of Catalonia the hope for our collective survival. While expecting almost nothing from traditional Catalan politicians, Anglada delivers with his behavior and his words daily lessons which may well be a source of inspiration to many who are involved in politics, or many others who, with their silence, have become allies of submissive policies out of fear or convenience. Here is Josep Anglada, grandly carrying ideals he always remained loyal to. And here is he now, struggling daily against those he proclaims to be his sworn enemies: those who want to reverse the cultural model and turn Catalonia upside-down, who claim that the tolling of bells has the same emotional value as the calling to prayers of a muezzin , or that the couscous is as Catalan as the “tortell of Reis.”"
"\"Jools Holland is a pianist, bandleader, composer, singer, television host, founder of Squeeze and the multi-million selling Rhythm and Blues Orchestra,\" we are informed."
"So anyway… Here’s what happens when you’re a good apple. If you literally stop police from beating up an innocent person, as a cop, your job will be put on the line. Her department is calling her “psychologically unfit for duty” and trying to fire her."
"The Causes of Atrocities"
"I am a huge fan of Hilary Duff, so no matter what movie she plays in I find no fault with her. I know she has starred in her fair share of crappage movies but it doesn't matter to me :)"
"12-11-2008"
"Well, when that happened, I started an official grievance against him via the university’s Human Resources section, because I reckoned he was stopping me from doing what I was being paid to do (I was at the time part-funded via Intute)."
"Cranking up this Undead CD during my lengthy moment of social impoliteness was the perfect Metal prescription for me. Hell, if they didn’t want you to play CD’s loud in a car, then they should equip stereos to not exceed the “number 4″ on volume. So let it be Metal written, so let it be Metal told. Now, onward with this primo Death Metal album and I’m gonna tell you just how ecstatic I am about it."
"The book is taken from diaries written by Antonina, the wife of the zookeeper in Warsaw, Poland. The first two chapters of the book are used to create the setting of the zoo. I understand that the reader needs background information, but I felt that the depth with which the writer went into describing the animals and zoology was unnecessary and sluggish in a book subtitled \"A War Story.\" I almost quit reading, thinking that the book was not as I supposed it to be about life in Nazi Poland, but I decided to read a little more. Once the story moved forward to life revolving around the war, it did become somewhat more interesting. Though much of the book just skimmed the surface, there is a section that explains Jan’s involvement with the ghetto which delved a bit deeper into the people and life at that time."
"Just last night, I took my daughter to see the musical, MAME, at the Goodspeed Opera House in East Haddam, CT. We went because it was my mum’s favorite play, her birthday is this coming week, and it seemed a fitting way celebrate her. My mum loved Mame’s quote, “Life is a banquet and most poor suckers are starving!” She pulled it out for all kinds of occasions."
"TUESDAY January 4th I weighed 285. Today I weigh 282."
"VALENCIA COUNTY, N.M. –"
"I used some Bella Blvd. Sophisticates and Family Dynamix papers that I got in my take-home kit from the Layout Workshop at Right at Home Scrapbooking. They were the perfect colors for my theme. And of course... my Whimsy birdie had to be included!"
"(Yes, it's a silly title. I was feeling playful when I was planning the class. Also, I realized I could do it now or not do it at all as the joke would be passé by the time I taught the class and, ta da, I was right.)"
"Well, I chose to ingore that second group of people. I'm a little stubborn, and I refused to believe that agents remember every single query they reject. I was positive that my letter and/or my opening had been the problem in the first go-round, and with my spit-polished versions, I could reclaim any chances they'd cost me."
"” Jessica Sanchez is legit. “"
"Skills: Fighting d8, Intimidation d8, Notice d8, Throwing d6, Survival d6"
"The house was full at the historic Teatro Municipal this evening, and Jekyns Peláez, Tina Kay Bohnstedt, Jenna McClintock, and Mayo Sugano shined on the 19th century stage. I felt chills as Stravinsky’s score to George Balanchine’s Apollo surged throughout the auditorium’s gilded balconies, chandeliers, and painted cherubs. Besides Diablo Ballet, the bill included artists from Ballet de Santiago (Chile), Ballet Nacional de Cuba, and Milwaukee Ballet."
"Heaney was asked in an interview a couple of years ago, \"Where do your poems come from?\""
"What's worse is that a park-and-ride can induce more driving, because it can make a car-oriented suburban life affordable and convenient for people who work downtown but wouldn't pay to drive all the way downtown, either in pure dollar terms or in convenience cost. If a park-and-ride encourages someone to move from an apartment in a walkable neighborhood to a house in a car-dependent suburb, that may make Joel Kotkin happy, but it sucks for the environment."
"11/8 – The Vault – Buffalo, MN"
"Editor’s pick98 Rockfest, the annual event that’s always good for some gale force shredding, returns to the Forum. One of Florida’s most successful modern …Price: $29.99-$150Tampa Bay Times Forum"
"Good morning Friends!"
"Harry and I haven't been to many places since we had to have so much treatment for our illnesses and last time I visited, Weston Super Mare was still in turmoil with workmen everywhere while they finished putting in the superior sea defences and new walkways. The whole of the town seemed to be upside down for several years, so I was quite pleasantly surprised that it was all finished and not a workman, tractor or bulldozer anywhere in sight and it all looked very new and agreeable as well as safer for the people who live there."
"Me: First off, the rat poison story has no evidence other than her word. People can be excellent liars. And even if the story were true, if she was not a Christian, then why did she not die? Only disciples of Jesus with the utmost faith could drink poison and live, not someone not of the faith, so your example is moot. As well, if you really do have faith in Jesus, then do as that girl did and drink rat poison. According to her and Jesus, you should be fine. Do it. If you don’t believe that it can be done when you do it, then you don’t have 100% faith in Jesus Christ, your own Lord and Saviour. “I’m sure that if god wanted to give me the power to withstand cyanide in a way that would expand his kingdom and bring glory to him then he would.” He would be expanding his kingdom, because I would become a believer on the spot, but you won’t, because you know that if you drink rat poison or cyanide, you will either die a very slow death or live and be rushed to the hospitals where doctors, not god, would save you, but I’m sure you would chalk it up to your imaginary friend anyway."
"GOOD NIGHT DEAR READERS!"
"Damn it!!"
"After I finished I drove toward home and I met Edward at Walmart. I had to make a deposit at the bank and he had a code for a free movie and we happened to be there about the same time. We decided to go out for dinner so he could catch me up on a laundry list of family news…some sad and some surprising and some shocking. Looks like 2012 could turn out to be a very interesting year ."
"Our team of Earth saving heroes, led by Super Fabregas have to give us a “game of the season” contender on Wednesday."
"Won't last very long, but it feels sooooo good right now."
"We have the greenhouse on drip irrigation, fertilize with 8-4-4 organic fertilizer, bone meal and fish compost. Little boy pee diluted 10:1 is a great amendment as well.....We plan to winter our layers in this greenhouse with access to outside (back their henhouse in under cover for the winter) ...which should make for some rich soil!"
"Okay, moving on."
"This weekend we took him to Clinton Lake for the first time. There is a huge park and lots of trails for him to explore. We stuck by the water (which he surprisingly loved!). It was a beautiful grey day, and I actually remembered to take my camera! This is pretty much a miracle because I have been really horrible about remembering it and haven’t taken many pictures lately."
"creeping at you with oversize eyes."
"The pleasure is when your rear wheel slides and you bring it back, when the front wheel lifts and you take your time bringing it back."
"Sept 3rd - Branson MO, taught by Lori Craig - Open to stores & designers"
"Voidoids (Hell, Paumgardhen, Freeman, Wood) live in Atlanta 1983"
"This year we forgot to buy some egg-colors so we had to color ours with natural ones – with the onion paring. You cook a whole bunch of parings in water for about half an hour and then leave it in the pot to stay there over night. On the next day you lay the eggs beneath the parings and cook them as usual (about 10-15 minutes). Then you take them out and have wonderful red color."
"The weather outside is just nasty. We go the entire winter with hardly any winter weather and now, on the first day of March, the skies open: rain, sleet, occasional snow, and blow-you-over wind gusts have set up shop and are supposedly sticking around for the rest of the day. Honestly? I'd take the snow over the rain when it's this cold outside. Snow can brush away, swirl around you... rain just soaks. Anything and everything."
"Jester King is also challenging the restriction of breweries from selling direct to the public and that of brewpubs selling to retailers or distributors, both changes that were pushed unsuccessfully in the last legislative session. The claim against the TABC Code here is violation of the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment."
"Most verbal, contemporary and charismatic of all believers in the Holographic Universe is Nassim Haramein, born 1962, a budding genius, self-taught physicist and Director of Research at the Resonance Project, in Boulder Colorado. He goes beyond holographic theory, beyond Einstein’s unified field, sees the universal hologram as sacred geometry, taking his Universal scaling Law for Organized Matter as a model for ‘whole’ structures, from subatomic particles to complete galaxies. His approach in this seminar, illustrated with loving devotion to his pyramids, sacred tetrahedra, torus spirals, fractal curves and spheres, is lengthy in form, but is worth watching because, with a little application, concentration, his breezy approach makes it so simple to grasp. His theory is that the Universal Intelligence is constantly creating fractals, generating spheres, and that these creations are held together by the ‘glue’ of gravity. Links above show some of his series of 45 talks, and videos 11 and 12 focus specifically on crop circle messages."
"\"What do you mean - you were trying to run on water? What water? Where?\""
"I have learned through hard experience that moderation does not work for me but abstinence does."
"The Alaskan Yup'ik tribes are said to have made the most decorative and brightly colored varieties. They were made from a number of materials,"
"and Umami by Richard Turner, head chef at The Hawksmoor."
"As survivors we have all dealt with more than our share of invalidation. Invalidation comes from many sources: our family, friends, neighbors, peers, media, and society itself. Everyone, survivor of abuse or not, experiences some type of invalidation. Invalidation hurts us all. It particularly hurts when it concerns matters of the heart."
"was raped by a local"
"DW: Hopefully I’ll have a roster spot locked down. I’m going there with the mindset that I’m there to play on the team. I don’t know what’s going to happen with free agency and who they’re bringing in, but I feel that I’ve put in my time in the American Hockey League and developed the way that they would be happy with and I think I’m going to come in and win a spot."
"Rival author Eliot, who comes off as Woodward and Bernstein compared to Golenbock, achieved some counterpoint by popping in quotes from secondhand sources. Golenbock, when it comes to Atlantic Yards and Coney Island, sups at the feet of Stuckey and then Thor Equities' Joe Sitt."
"Now I am not so sure what make this soap base so special to do this technique and not sure why you cannot use any particular melt and pour base. But you can purchase a 2-lb. Swirlz (clear) for $7.80 directly from Go Planet Earth. The ingredinets for the clear soap base are Water, Sorbitol, Propylene Glycol, Sodium Stearate, Glycerin, Sodium Tallowate, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Sodium Laurate, Sodium Cocoyl Isethionate, Sodium Cocoate, Triethanolamine."
"Wear Kelly Green to Really Make a Scene"
"DA MP Dianne Kohler Barnard said: “The absolute top structure (of SAPS) had sworn to us on stacks of Bibles that a system was in place. Now you mean there’s no system?"
"Glenn Hughes, Billy Duffy, Mike Inez, Duff McKeagan"
"Giving me a hot wet brew."
"It might be somewhat brutal for me to admit it, but I loved that feeling. I loved the loathing that suddenly filled my heart, it made me feel like I had nothing left to lose, because I had already lost everything, it filled me with such hateful motivation that I no longer felt weak, it gave me control. I seized that control and that loathing and on that day I made a vow, that I would never, ever, allow myself to be that vulnerable again and that I would never, ever, let someone break me. Never Ever."
"Green Flash Brewing Co. Green Flash Pallet Wrecker"
"flakes of life"
"There are real standards of right and wrong that exist beyond the parameters of conditioning or social consensus. Am I talking about \"religious stuff\" now? I don't know, to me, God isn't \"religious stuff.\""
"SALT is one of those I'm-a-spy, I've-been-wronged, I-use-all-my-awesome-spy-skills-to-save-myself-and-the-world, kind of movies. Angelina Jolie plays CIA agent Evelyn Salt. One tough broad. One day, a former Soviet government bad guy walks into the Agency in an attempt to defect. In exchange for help, he offers the agency information about a double agent. He names Salt as the double agent, while she is the one interrogating him. He tells her that she will be the one to assassinate the Russian president at an upcoming event. All of a sudden Salt finds herself being ushered to a secure room, while the agency contemplates her fate. She manages to get away, so she can prove her innocence and find the people behind the assassination conspiracy. But her actions cast doubt about her motives, and we are left wondering: Who is Salt?"
"Turns out sweet, innocent June might just be the perfect foil for psycho beyotch Chloe. When June displays unexpected strength in the face of Chloe’s antics, the two form an unlikely alliance. The pilot started out with June’s life being turned down in some hilarious ways from walking into her dream job on Wall Street only to find the firm going to hell and the feds shutting the place down to her getting scammed by none other than her new roomie Chloe. Poor thing even finds out that her fiancee is a no good cheater… not a great start for June bug there. But there is a quiet strength to be found in her character, she is very endearing in a way that you can tell she has some fight in her underneath all that Midwest charm, and under Chloe’s guidance, she might just find her bite. Not nearly as entertaining as her cohorts however, June needs to find her footing somewhere in this show, because at times she gets lots in the crazy antics of her costars. But aside from that, Dreama Walker brings a sweet charm to the show that represents the genuine good and hopefulness of this small town girl who sets her eyes on the big city. She is smart and isn’t about to let Chloe have her way… making the two a fun pair, merging good and evil to create a hilarious result."
"Now females, here’s the bottom line: Males do things to impress you. Full Stop. End transmission. Done."
"Addison jumped when she heard Zak’s voice, Zak yanking her arm and pulling her away from a demon that was about to grab her from behind."
"Lastnight myself and Marcus Bronzy hit Camden Town to catch Mz Bratt perform at her sold-out headline show in Barfly."
"In the end, though, I enjoyed the kalbi taco more. Maybe it's because of the thickness of the meat, but it also seemed more flavorful to me."
"Writing from SUNY Binghamton and her MFA in Poetry from Sarah Lawrence College. She has contributed to the BOMB Magazine and Best American Poetry blogs and reviewed poetry for The Rumpus. Her poems have appeared or are forthcoming in Barrow Street, Contemporary Verse 2, Cream City Review, The Paterson Literary Review, Magma Poetry, and elsewhere. She blogs at iammyownheroine.wordpress.com and is the host and curator of"
"I am most definitely a Pantser. I start with a general idea and let the story takes me wherever it chooses to. I’m merely an outlet for my muses to do their thing."
"Addison’s lips trembled and she couldn’t move, tears welling up in her eyes as she watched what was going on. Her eyes weren’t focused on Darien, they were focused entirely on Christian. She watched him whisper into the woman next to him’s ear, his closeness making the girl giddy and lick her lips in excitement. Instead of igniting anger at the sight of him with another woman, Addison’s jealousy brought her to tears. Her jaw was slightly agape, her bottom lip trembling furiously as her scared eyes opened wide, their surface wavering with forming tears."
"Konkatsu!"
"Now back to Mr. Buffett – my understanding is that he does still work for his company but chooses to take his pay in the form of stocks. That means that he has enough money to live on so instead of taking actual pay then he pays only 15% on the profit on his investment annually (the stock). Now in reality if he sells that stock he will pay the higher tax rate again but right now he is only being taxed on the capital gains he receives. So you are not comparing apples to apples in this scenario. Of course the ultimate irony about the Buffett rule is that is comes from a man who one minute states he wants to pay more but doesn’t go to the IRS web site that allows him to pay more of his own free will, and who says he should pay more one moment and next the company that he is chief executive of, Berkshire Hathaway, is behind in taxes by millions of dollars dating back to 2002 and is fighting in court what they should pay. Hypocrisy thy name if Buffet."
"Level 11: MP Cost: 12, Attacks up to 5 enemies, Damage: 118%, Attacks the enemies 4 times."
"I am not sure what this website is about. I was googling the name of my deceased Uncle, Ron Santi, and I hit your website. My uncle Ron was an animator in the 30's, 40's, and 50's. He has been forgotten. No one seems to know him although he worked for Looney Tunes, Terrytunes, Disney. He animated Heckle & Jeckle, invented Frosty the Snowman. I don't know about Bulldog Drummond and I cannot recognize his artwork, he kept so little of it. His real name was Romolo A. Santi, known as Ronnie. If you think we are talking about the same man, contact me. I don't want to put my email address down here. Contact me through Facebook: Blaise Picchi Ms. Picchi, if you come across this blog, I hope by now you have found out more about your uncle. We'd all be interested in learning anything we can of him. If anyone out there worked with Santi in animation or the comics maybe they could tell us what they know."
"They went in to remove the capsules, also discovered that his stomach had turned upside down and pretty much did a natural bypass."
"4)DIGITAL PHOTOGRAPHY - Digital photography is a form of photography that uses an array of light sensitive sensors to capture the image focused by the lens, as opposed to an exposure on light sensitive film. The captured image is then stored as a digital file ready for digital processing (colour correction, sizing, cropping, etc.), viewing or printing."
"This will be the first time you have seen this SWALK image it is one of the new release of 12 which will be on sale later this month, more info in the next few days."
"and this time we want to see all of your lovely"
"Why are the living creatures love to come into our house?"
"I refuse to print the tract because it is so pointedly written against my own beliefs. Most stuff doesn't cross any kind of line with me, but in this case I really am not happy with my printing press being used for such a purpose. They claim that this breaches their right to freedom of expression, and is unfair discrimination on the basis of religion. Should they be allowed to bring a case under either aegis?"
"Where to start? This book made me angry on several levels."
"In this fashion, for at least part of the top 20%, we can restrain the income growth of the top of the labor market pyramid without actually hurting anyone."
"3. I can never remember people's name, I have been at the same work for 6 months and I know just half of the names (they are around 70), Including some that I have in charge."
"“When we assembled at the dinner we were miserably tired and worn – but we were posted. Yes, it is fair to claim that. In fact, erudition is a pale name for it. New Zealand was the only subject; and it was just beautiful to hear us ripple it out. And with such an air of unembarrassed ease, and unostentatious familiarity with detail, and trained and seasoned mastery of the subject-and oh, the grace and fluency of it!"
"Ojeh said he was relieved that we’d used the TKI, because he often felt bad because he didn’t think others in the team saw him as ‘pulling his weight’, and now realised that with strong personalities in the team his preferred conflict resolution style was not always in his best interests or those of his team."
"Politically, he became more and more conservative with the years, but did not allow this to cloud his aesthetic judgments, to the extent that it is humanly possible. He also kept up his interest in the arts, and kept exercising yet another of his talents—for friendship."
"I’ll post more on that later. For now, I have to get ready because I have a furry little pig to greet today. They should be here any minute."
"At the YMCA - you can do water therapy/exercises, just indoor walking on a treadmill greatly helps your body. - most have saunas (good for toxin release) & whirlpool for hydrotherapy (muscle-stress relief)."
"New York I love you and you're bringing me down"
"another earthworm"
"Mattresses For Sale Review (mattressesforsalereview.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time."
"As the leader of the war on powder, Mally is issuing a battle cry, encouraging women to take a pledge to “Fight the Powder.” I ask you to share the love with me and join the crusade against translucent powder. Beginning early May, we can “Fight The Powder” pledge on Mally Beauty’s Facebook page together."
"So I choose the water's ease for now"
"If it’s a crime to take a doll into a restroom"
"Last night, Malcolm’s name and memory – or is it infamy? – also cropped up at the last-ever Fringe Report Awards show, when Pleasance Theatre founder Christopher Richardson made a speech justifiably lauding Fringe Report founder John Park. He mentioned that altruistic John (who has never taken or received any money for running Fringe Report over the last ten years) should now be showered with money – but only notes or cheques not coins because that was what killed Malcolm Hardee."
"Tonight, I went to have acupuncture."
"If you haven’t listened to The ArchAndroid by Janelle Monáe, you should definitely do that right now. The eclecticism alone of the CD will have you picking your own jaw up from the floor."
"\"Mission statement\" is \"our aim\""
"*(image source - Profimedia.com)"
"Wash vegetables and fruit in a bowl rather than under a running tap, then use the leftover water for watering house plants."
"Tanya: You haven’t got any."
"some people's parents........."
"Our grand prize blog candy is a set of Stamps from CardzTV Stamps set Encouraging Thoughts. This is one of my favorite stamp sets that Mary has made this far. You get one entry for hopping with us and a 2nd entry if you make a 2 page layout for Crops of Luv and mail it. Post your layout to the Mr. Linky here then mail it to:"
"Because the first hour following an injury is the most crucial, the Yellow Dot program provides essential personal health information to emergency responders in order to promptly care for a crash victim. This ‘Golden Hour’ is critical in the treatment of crash victims, and the medical information provided through the program could be a lifesaver."
"She argued with me yesterday that she could do all the things I do for her. There is no need of me to help her in any way. I asked her if she felt she could stand on a stool to clean windows, clean the pool carry loads of laundry up and down the stairs, and make the meals. “Well, I wouldn’t have a pool!” She said, as if I was completely daft. I thought that was so hilarious. But I said,”Mom, I wouldn’t want you trying to cook and do laundry. It’s not safe. But she insisted that she needed no help. “I need to do what I can do,” she said. “Yes, I know this is true. But the issue is, that she really can’t do a lot.”"
"It’s definitely an interesting experiment. Whichever way it goes this lemur feels it’s worth seeing how it plays out, because it might just tell us more about the state of the gamer community."
"and inked up the edges to give"
"“Such an acarya, or spiritual master, should be considered nondifferent from Krishna—that is, he should be considered the incarnation of Lord Krishna’s potency. Such a personality is krishnalingita-vigraha—that is, he is always embraced by the Supreme Personality of Godhead, Krishna. Such a person is above the considerations of the varnasrama institution. He is the guru, or spiritual master, for the entire world, a devotee on the topmost platform, the maha-bhagavata stage, and a paramahamsa-thakura, a spiritual form only fit to be addressed as paramahamsa or thakura.”"
"24/7 — The only thing you can do 24/7 is breathe. This monstrous figuration is particularly loathsome when used in conjunction with 110%. Giving 110% 24/7. Yeah, right."
"I want to try and use my Crafters Workshop templates a bit more, I really need to get into the messy side of scrapping......LOL......although with this one I played it safe and just used yellow ink instead of mist with the honeycomb template!!!!! ;)"
"Cup of noodles"
"It's not different for you. Your age doesn't matter. It's all about the book. I agree that it's a mistake to put too much of yourself in the query. That doesn't mean we don't want to know a little about you and who you are, but what we really want to know first and foremost is what your book is about. Never mention your age whether you're 16, 60, or 96. It just shouldn't be important."
"With the recent loss of Roger Zirkle, a great gap was felt in our school board. With no time to place names on the ballot, Lee Godfrey, who had previously sought this office as a Democrat, began a write in campaign. Ms. Godfrey, unfortunately, represents a more liberal perspective than that of most citizens of the district. She has actively participated in anti-war rallys and could be a vote against Weekday Religious Education and issues of parents' rights should they come before the board."
"Needless to say, I am flattered at her words and also the other goodbyes I got today at the hospital, hugs and a kiss from my psychiatrist, a hand shake from my social worker (that was very formal) and all the rest of it. Even my two American roommates made me a party in the cafeteria there, but unfortunately, I was leaving earlier than expected so we didn’t have a chance to sit down and have a nice chat before I left. They just gave me a bag of goodies like chocolate and some Pepsi!"
"He is the Vine. We are the branches. God is the husbandman (vine-dresser). Branches can be strong when they are fed from the vine, but if something closes off the flow of sap from the vine, the branches become brittle and weak – and fruitless. Can these fruitless branches be used for some other purpose, such as for building? They can’t be used for building when they are strong because they are connected to the vine. They can’t be used for building when broken off because then they are weak. Abiding – connected – branches are good for one thing: bearing fruit. Broken – disconnected – branches are also good for one thing: burning. (Actually two things if you count hiding places for serpents.)"
"He can only one of these imbues at a time per armor, so don't think you can stack these on. Also, it is highly advised that unless you don't mind grinding for parts or have extras, wait awhile before imbuing armor. I don't know the values of any of the besides hp, because hp seems to be the most worth it. This is not a required quest, btw, just a small additive."
"highly unlikely to grow any further, even shows signs of waning."
"Simpson WJ. A preliminary report on cigarette smoking and the incidence of prematurity. American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology 1957; 73: 808-815."
"...but I do not think that this idea is entirely true. In the midst of the current political blizzard of lies, slanders and shallow promises, it is hard to see truth and the public masks that are worn aren't unlike those creepy clown masks with the empty eyes and painted smiles."
"a season of rebirth, joy and hope."
"-Post pregnant stomach and enormous nursing boobs suck.... totally depressing"
"And speaking of identification—when prints are sent through the computer system, the results are NOT the names of their owners, complete with pretty pictures. They get back a list of \"likely matches\" and they're numbered. Eliminates any bias on the part of the examiner who might have a suspect in mind."
"I love pretty much all online shopping, bu..."
"Remember HE. IS. GOD."
"“Few performers of stage or screen can claim as diverse a legacy as Deenie Nast. She’s shone as a star in film, theatre, television, radio, and vaudeville for more than 9 decades and shows no sign of slowing down. The world was first introduced to her incorrigible talent and personality when, at the age of two she stole the vaudeville stage from the headlining dwarf. The unplanned interruption was quickly incorporated into the act and Deenie became the main attraction of what came to be billed as “Little Deenie the Pipsqueak!” Deenie learned quickly using her strong personality and unique voice to create her own vaudeville routines at a very early age until she was eventually controlling her own career by the age of 17."
"Recipe later..."
"The next morning, Mary was getting out of bed and without even opening the curtains she knew it was raining. She could hear the raindrops hitting the bedroom window. She wanted to crawl back under the quilt since she wasn't going to be able to do the weeding she had planned but instead, decided to get dressed. She could tell that it had cooled off considerably so she put on jeans and one of her old high school sweatshirts she had brought. It was a little tattered but she still loved it. Then she and Lulu went downstairs."
"And then, (it was just ere sunrise,) these eyes rested on him for the"
"Anyone that knows me personally is aware of how much I love music and of some of the bands I liked. In previous posts, I’ve mentioned Duran Duran and Depeche Mode, which are huge influences in what I like to write. Also some soft music, like Sade for writing a love scene."
"Then you go home."
"Secretly I wondered if this had been a 'long stand' moment."
"Wedges- Seychelles Amazon"
"I can't blame B's father, anymore than I can blame Bobby Brown for Whitney Houston's drug addiction. However, B's father did exactly what I asked him not to do. He gave my son cash. That's when I began to get a very bad feeling. In two week's time, B was given $240.00 in cash. His father would say that it was for this and that. I just knew differently. I didn't see my son producing the \"items\" his convinced his father that he needed the money for."
"One of my favorites is:"
"I can’t stop thinking about this family. Praying for them."
"Blais speculates that a suspect stuffed the drugs through the crack to prevent police from finding them. Burrillville Lt. Kevin San Antonio says Hartford police were \"apologetic\" when he told them of the discovery."
"Life is a Game Play it."
"The change was not too hard, since I had plenty of vegetarian options that I found enjoyable to eat. The only problem that I could see in the future would be having multiple options for dishes. I have never eaten vegetarian before, so my knowledge of dishes is limited. I have been going online to find new dishes for the next two weeks, but I feel like I might be repeating dishes multiple times."
"Everything may be plain for me as of the moment but with the way my sister talks, it’s as if a beautiful garden has already been finished. She saw everything before they come into reality. In our lives it is a good habit to visualize a project or a venture before starting it. It is very vital. What do we want to finish? What results do we want to have? It is “Starting with the end in mind.” In doing so, we will be inspired and motivated to finish the project."
"And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profiteth me nothing. Charity suffereth long, and is kind; charity envieth not; charity vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up,"
"With an electric mixer, beat heavy cream, sour cream, and brown sugar to stiff peaks. Split each shortcake in half, using a serrated knife, and place the bottoms onto individual plates. Spoon some fruit onto the bottoms of each shortcake, top with the whipped cream, and cap with the shortcake tops. Serve."
"Annie called her at work and said she was Olga Sokolov from Public Health."
"Lotus F1 Team completed only morning session running due to inclement weather on the first of three days testing at the delightfully located Autodromo Internazionale del Mugello in Italy. Jérôme D’Ambrosio sampled the E20 for the first time, completing 40 trouble free laps. Because of today’s weather-induced reduced running, Romain Grosjean will drive for the next two days – contrary to the original plan of Kimi Räikkönen running tomorrow and Romain only on Thursday – due to the uncertain weather predictions for the next two days."
"Log in at 2:30 A.M. KST at the specific date and you’ll get 20 coins and an AP reset scroll GUARANTEED. Then, you might also get some of the new profession skill equipment (the level 125 ones) or even this badge, Legend’s Hero Badge!"
"For Information on the Technology Showcase, call Lockheed Martin Specialty Components, Customer Service at 813-541-8700 or 1-800-541-8701."
"Congratulations to ALL! Tea Time Terrific Top Three and Winner, please grab your badges from our sidebar that you can proudly display on your blogs! Winner, please contact me via e-mail to claim your prize!"
"They should consider a strategic and honourable withdrawal now. Any future occupations, wherein they will be able to bring their case and arguments back to public consciousness, would be more credible. At the moment the public are presently fatigued by this stale news item and are anticipating the inevitable violent conclusion that usually involves riot police etc."
"There's a blog hop, so that you can see more inspiring mini quilts. Here are the places to visit:"
"Well, that’s all for now!"
"Given the measly 8GB of onboard storage (although US users can, as we mentioned before, buy a 16GB version for just $20 more), you’ll need to invest in a microSD card to start loading the Acer Iconia Tab A200 full of media."
"‘Jesus called them together and said, “You know that the rulers of the Gentiles lord it over them, and their high officials exercise authority over them. Not so with you. Instead, whoever wants to become great among you must be your servant, and whoever wants to be first must be your slave— just as the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many’ Matt 20.25-28 NIV."
"Number of known survivors, 868."
"Funny: Just now the gingercat (Claire) just looked over my shoulder and noted that the type slug caption sounded like something a key chopper would say. I prefer to think of is as the sound of a type face connoisseur."
"Each is 5x8 inches, drawn in brown colored pencil on hot press arches 140lbs watercolor paper. I'm lovin' the arches block!"
"Thailand is a wonder of complex variation. And so it can be said of the music scenes that abound here."
"Wolfgang Hampel Fan Club"
"Something real and right and something that will last,"
" Rajat Sharma, TV presenter, News Editor & Co-founder, India TV"
"It means that love is greater than and therefore must be able to conquer whatever in the universe is unlovely, or it is not (as centuries of poetry, prose and song have said), I repeat, not the \"greatest thing\". And if it is not, we would do well to find something else that is greater and can conquer the seemingly limitless expressions of the unlovely."
"So, are you ready to let go? Are your ready to be loved into freedom?"
"After I finish my first draft, which I continually rewrite as I go along, I'll do a hardcore second draft, trying to improve grammar and prose. Then I'll give it to a fellow writer to edit. Once I get their notes, I'll go back and do a third draft for a final polish."
"Big doings also are happening for Pegasus, here with a happy tour group. Pegasus and Lehigh Valley 79 will be docked in Brooklyn Bridge Park starting later this week."
"Last week’s post gave a few examples of the first class of doubletalk. I could cite any number of examples of the second, but one that’s particularly relevant to the theme of this series of posts is that shibboleth of contemporary economics, free trade. That term’s become so thickly encrusted with handwaving and deliberate disinformation that it probably needs to be defined here; “a system of international exchange that prohibits governments from taxing or prohibiting the movement of goods, services, or money across borders” is as good a definition as any."
"And you go crazy. Thousands of results, thousands of approaches. You find out that the cover letter is even more important than the story you’re submitting. That if the cover letter is not like this and like that and doesn’t include a, b and c, nobody will look at your work. That you would be a fool not doing this and that when you send your story."
"Tomorrow is the autumnal equinox, and Mabon, for the Wiccan. A day of giving thanks and celebrating the bounty of the year. A day for balance and shifting toward winter and 'rest.'"
"doesn’t have to end in 240 minutes. It needs to end only when the Holy"
"Spirit of the age! In me.But spirit not of this age.Nor any known."
"Its a sketch for you."
"Day 31 – Rest Day! Thats today. Even though its a rest day, I did get up early and did 20 minutes of cardio. I need to start my day with something and make up for the half assed / lack of cardio I did when I was at my parents."
"Host Venkata Bhatta Dasa welcomed everyone, before turning proceedings over to his colleague Paul Raushenbush, who was officially moderating the event. Formerly a Dean at Princeton’s Office of Religious Life, and now moving on to become senior religion editor of the Huffington Post, Paul introduced the two speakers, and set the tone for the evening."
"Masthead The listing of the publication’s senior staff; sometimes all of them"
"There’s no Pirates trailer up yet, but do we really need one? It’s going to be nearly three hours long, have approximately a dozen plot threads fighting for dominance, give Johnny Depp another opportunity to mince around like a deranged git, and I am going to bring a big bottle of rum to the theater and enjoy every damn minute of it."
"By the way I love this snood!"
"Cut the Halloumi in to thin slices (less than 1/2 cm) then cut them into triangles (See photo above). Cut the triangles with the natural break of the Halloumi. Put the buttermilk or yoghurt/milk mixture in to a dish (I used an empty1 litre ice cream tub) and submerge the Halloumi in the liquid to soak, overnight or, for several hours in the fridge."
"Totals:"
"Yes, the entire card was made from stash already squirrelled away in my craft room! I'm ashamed to say the Graphic45 is treated like gold, the royalty of papers ... sad, isn't it? However, I did use up some snippets which merits a visit to Di's playground at: Pixie's Crafty Snippets Challenge - 19 for the second time this week."
"“As far as I’m aware, I’m nothing. I have no personality of my own whatsoever. I have no character to offer the public. I have nothing to project."
"TUESDAY, MARCH 20"
"Yesterday was Paula's birthday and she did inform me that the box arrived.She loves the mermaid and already has it hanging over her desk, so she can look at it everyday! :)"
"1/2 juice of a lemon"
"with a naked passion"
"On Thursday, Robert should undergo some more surgery in order to stabilise the fractures to his right shoulder and right foot. Three or four days later, another operation will allow his elbow fracture to be stabilised as well."
"3/4 c unsweetened chocolate almond milk (I used Blue Diamond brand)"
"Which would mean I would have to maybe write some more poetry...yeah."
"We are so grateful for all the support; please continue to help us put pressure on the governments of the world to stop this horrific trade. We cannot let the tiger die out so we have to put an end to this trade."
"I CAN'T WAIT TO HEAR HOW IT GOES!!! AAUUUUUGGGHHHH...::jumps up and down in chair::"
"Water - 1 Cup"
"Sri Sri Ravi Shankar: Water is symbol of love. In fact, in Sanskrit, it is synonymous to love. ‘Apa’ means water and it also means love. That is why, someone very close to you, what do you call them? Apta – means very dear. Apa and Apta are very close. So, giving water is not important, feeling the connection with the sun is important."
"with you no matter what, the"
"So it was recommended that we move on to IUI or IVF but we probably can’t get all the logistics in place to start doing it until August at the earliest. I don’t know why it takes so long but then again, patience was never my strong suit. For IUI without any fertility meds we’d be looking at costs of about $2500 for each cycle with 2 actual inseminations occurring. (Right now we do 4 or 5 each month.) If we decided to use fertility meds for that process we’re looking at more like $3000-6000 per cycle. For women my age the general success rate for IUI is 20-25% per cycle. The success rate for IVF is more like 50% per cycle, which sounds appealing but it’s also a multi-month process which will cost more like $11000 per try. On top of that, you have cryo storage fees for embryos that can be saved for another attempt and for donor sperm units that have been purchased but not used. Making babies this way is expensive, people!"
"to hold blue"
"Being a counselor, owning and operating a small recovery resource network, and sharing my story of experience, strength, and hope as a vocation is as rewarding as it is challenging. There will always be those who question my motives and my method. There will always be more to carry out in a day than is actually possible. There is a constant gnawing though, a spirit of discernment that confirms my being and doing exactly what it is I do. The motives and methodologies are really only the concern of my clients, not the naysayers. I share what I know, I refer when I can, and I am constantly learning and growing as a business owner. Mistakes come with risk, and without risk neither I nor the company keeps the required growing momentum."
"John Terry was elated upon hearing that he was to be reinstated as the England Captain. The British government have called upon all footballers in the entire London area that it may be wise to start evacuating their wives from the capital before it is too late."
"By Palash R. Ghosh: Subscribe to Palash’s RSS feed The Foreign Minister of Singapore has warned the US against the rising tide of anti-Chinese rhetoric coming out of Washington DC, ahead of a visit to the US by Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping’s next …"
"Petrobras said it expects to find between 8 trillion and 10 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in two Peruvian petroleum lots."
"Drama club meeting at 11:45 in Mrs. Power’s classroom."
"I was discussing Spotify with one of my coworkers after having posted it about it a short time ago. We talked about how different it is consuming music, now. I wanted to share some the ideas we discussed, because I think it serves as a good follow-up for my previous post about how we now experience music."
"So I have now contacted the baker for my state who is listed above."
"“I have recently learnt it…however, I am still not sure if it’s true or not.”"
"“We introduced our friendly alien to the world in the pages of Dark Horse Presents last year, and those installments have now been collected into Resident Alien #0. Over the next few months, you’ll learn a bit more about Harry and his supporting cast and watch as he attempts to catch a murderer - and that’s just for starters. This alien is here to stay.”"
"There must be something I can do with it all (as people have been saying for years) rather burn my few remaining hours over something new that is not taking the shape I want it to."
"Welcome to Hoover Damage! The event is in a festival format, so we're kicking things off at 5pm with an outdoor BBQ. I'll let you in on a little secret...If you come between 5 and 6, you get a free beer with entry! Trust us with your entire evening, we will definitely make it worth your while. The event will cost 5 dollars at the door, and burgers, veggie burgers and hotdogs will be available for purchase at a cheap price. There will also be a bar with cheap beer, cocktails, wine and sangria. Refreshing! Additionally, there will be a 50-50 raffle! Bring those singles. Tickets will be available for 2 dollars, or you can buy 3 for five dollars."
"964 D-IV/10/1987. “On the Platonism of Aristotle.” Panel on Plato and Aristotle, Annual Meeting, Midwest Political Science Association, Chicago, Illinois."
"Which of these self-defeating behaviors hold you back?"
"«–» that a gov’t “Rogue Agency” ~should? afterall- have"
"When I was a boy my dad had a book called: Eloquence in Public Speaking: How To Set Your Words On Fire by Kenneth McFarland. It was about how to put sparks in human hearts and it helped to create in me the desire to be a great speaker."
"There's a wealth of information on Gable online, so instead I will leave you all with some beautiful images of the most handsome man to reign in Hollywood..."
"I’ve always thought of yellow as a happy color. The color of sunshine and summer, lemons, buttercups, dandelions, and sunflowers. Bright yellow just POPS right out at you, as if the yellow object is lit from within. In some cultures yellow is associated with happiness and peace. The Buddha wore yellow robes after Enlightenment."
"But even though the days have been warm, the nights are chilly and crisp fall convinced me to wear a scarf and hat yesterday evening. I'm craving butternut squash soup and drinking lots of jasmine pearl tea."
"You can ask me about the world background in your application e-mail. Basic rundown; you start in the Lantrai city of Khedris, the capital of the Lantrai empire. What country is your character a native of?"
"This week Howard played all kinds of fun games with us... hide-n-seek, zingo, marble races... he even had a tea party with us. That Howard wasn't very good at drinking tea with his pinky in the air but we let it slide...because actually this is not Carter's strong suit either. :)"
"It is increasingly more apparent that the news we read and the reports we watch from the corporate media, regardless of what channel or publication we turn to, are tapping the same talking points provided by a handful of corporate-funded think-tanks. It was recently exposed that the Podesta Group, founded by Tony and John Podesta, openly admit and even showcase on their website their extensive manipulation of op-eds and news articles in well known newspapers across the United States including the Christian Science Monitor, the New York Times, the Washington Post, and the Huffington Post. Journalists people foolishly trust are regularly approached by lobbyists to write editorials and include talking points in their news reports regarding everything from “human rights” and healthcare, to regulatory legislation and even promoting war."
"What does Blackburn cheese taste like?"
"Betty Crocker Save $1/1 decorating icing (5/31)"
"Had the authors of PPACA set up an “uninsured patient tax”, with anyone who buys qualifying insurance exempted from said tax, the lawsuit against PPACA would be dead in its tracks. Now, there might be states rights claims against the Medicaid expansion, and I suppose one could argue that the state exchanges infringe on states rights, as well. But those seem like huge leaps."
"\"No! I don't want to see the video!!!\""
"chicken masala 1 tsp"
"\"Of course not! Hahaha. But ... really, you're going to wear that?\" he asked."
"(ii) The accused must have the opportunity to subject witnesses to visual and auditory observation at a time contemporaneous with the reception of that witness’s evidence;"
"Jenni"
"The entire universe is in danger as the Daleks activate their masterplan."
"They put the bomb in the seabed."
"I had such a great time playing PongCano with both my daughter and my students. I am a lousy shot, so I lost both times I played  I like this game because it’s different than the board games we always play. It’s more active. This game does not take up a lot of space, which is nice. My only wish is that the game came in a box so that it can be stored. At this point, once the game is taken out of the package, the box can’t be used. I placed the game in a plastic bag so that I don’t lose the ball and the chips. However, to me, this is a minor issue. The game is a blast and I look forward to practicing my aim!"
"The mixture will be thick and creamy"
"It's the middle ground where I have a problem. I feel like I get so much more value at a thrift store. Take this weeks finds. A wool pencil skirt, three leather belts, and a pair of vintage leather shoes (skirt, shoes, and one belt below). I purchased all five for $8.50. There is no way I could get new items of this quality for anywhere near that price. I might be able to get one of these items in a lesser material (polyester, vinyl, etc.) for $8.50 but even that is a stretch."
"It was a cute little eclectic place, with herringbone pattern wood floors and French doors, of course! There's a reason they're called French, every place we saw had them."
"Another false dichotomy. Jesus puts evangelism and discipleship together in the Great Commission (Mt. 28:18-20). In fact, you could say that you can’t have one without the other, because a true disciple will evangelize and a true evangelist will want to see, not merely converts, but followers of Jesus. Noble points this out in the paragraph but seems to say many churches are ignoring it. I for one have never heard a church say anything like what Noble says at the beginning of this paragraph. Most churches want to reach out. Many find it difficult. That a church finds it challenging to reach people is not the same as giving “the rest of the world the middle finger.” There may be a variety of reasons why some churches prosper in reaching people and others are less prosperous. But a focus on discipleship is not one of them. In fact, where people are truly being discipled, where true spiritual growth is happening, there will consistently be a greater passion for evangelism."
"Did I ever tell you about the time I was disqualified from a show jumping event because my horse bolted for the side fence and jumped it (mortifying!)? My Mum and Dad were there to wipe the tears and encourage me to continue with my dreams and tell me to just have some fun…"
"Let us shape the land so we can look out at it. Or we can lift our hands from it and still shape"
"I was lucky enough to receive an audiobook of The House I Loved by Tatiana de Rosnay, so I've been listening to this one in my car. So far I am enjoying this audio more than A Secrept Kept."
"How do you “escape,” dear readers?"
"In an absolute touch of genius Obsidian sets up standard spy genre scenarios – do thing A or thing B. In movies and some games you would do A and then have a dramatic crack at B, ending in success. Not so here – you can really only do one of them, as I found out with some unfortunate consequences."
"Each to his own, but porridge is correctly made with water rather than milk. The usual embellishments are red-berry jams, golden syrup or honey, but other ideas include a compote of stewed dried figs, maple syrup or a mixture of fresh berries, sugar and ground cinnamon. You could also leave it to set into cakes and fry it in butter. Oatmeal ice cream, made with toasted oatmeal and cream, while not quite porridge, is certainly worth a visit, too."
"I’ll also have a delightfully fun new body scrub that will knock your socks off, maybe a refreshing, luxuriously rich cream for body or feet and luscious lip butters if I can get them finished in time."
"The Lion King is a gateway drug. Once a kid sees it, there's no stopping them. \"Dad, can we go to another play?\" Yes, we can! Julie Taymor has become a punch line because of the Spider-Man musical debacle, but people seem to forget about The Lion King or discount it because it's a favorite with the tourists. It's not a perfect play as far as music and pacing is concerned but for visuals, staging, costumes, lighting and creativity, there's simply nothing better. Some of it is quite moving."
"For today’s lunch, I prepared Chicken a la King. It was just right as I had spare ingredients in the ref, save one. I would’ve cooked it the other night, but alas, we were out of mushrooms."
"the broken heart of the left"
"I still wonder if anyone will want to read this grief book when it is published. It is so intensely personal. And painful. Yet people who have read my blog posts about grief have found some comfort in them, so perhaps this book will serve the same function. Even if no one is interested in reading my daily struggles to come to terms with the death of my mate of thirty-four years, the book is important to me. It’s a way of binding my grief into a neat bundle so I can get on with my life, though I have been told one never truly gets over such a loss. But we do survive, and that is ultimately what my book is about — surviving grief."
"Language : English"
"What could have been a tropical vacation paradise has been ruined, and is so wracked with crime no travel agency will recommend it as a destination. “You’re not looking at a tropical country,” says Ed Scott, a contractor for U.S. aid to Haiti; “you’re looking at a Nevada desert.” Tourists venture in at their own risk. In January 2000 a French couple was stoned to death along with their Haitian driver during a robbery. A few days later an American couple was carjacked at gunpoint and the woman shot dead."
"Smith could have made an even stronger case had he pointed out the contrast with the current plans to develop the MTA’s Hudson Yards—with the city willing to solicit bids from developers—or the accelerated schedule for the Draft Environmental Impact Statement, a process has raised qualms even among some project supporters, like Eliot Spitzer."
"He said sometimes it's the car battery itself. Other times, it's the gadgets on the inside."
"“And give me more hair. Longer hair.”"
"1. Do No Harm"
"6:00 PM Pink Tartan"
"cream cheese"
"“You know, Mr. Brown, my mother played those two albums until the grooves were smooth as a baby’s butt - the perfect background music for an alcoholic junky to wallow in.”"
"Does your beau have the time (and resources) to build you a house `a la Ryan Gosling in The Notebook? Maybe not. But did he make you breakfast? With the exception of the possible plumber’s crack, fixing the sink is probably not as sexy as standing in the rain with no umbrella and a handful of roses, yelling your name. But we’re more likely to build you an Ikea bookshelf or create an iTunes playlist or do hundreds of small (at least to you) gestures that we are listening and thinking of you. Chick flicks spotlight the most grandiose of the grand gestures; maybe as a partial result, many of our real-life loving gestures go unnoticed. When a guys thoughtfulness is ignored, it’s not only heart wrenching, it also causes him to become gun-shy about making future gestures."
"Susan: What do you like to do in Pine Crest?"
"Um, no, Junior. That's not going to work for me. That's my fucking wallet filled with all of my Important Stuff and the cash I'd gotten from our pre-movie trip through the ATM, so you're going to need a bit more accommodating or get me your goddamned manager because your policy? Is stupid."
"Diet at night. According to Nancy Clark, MS, RD, CSSD, author of Food Guide for Marathoners: Tips for Everyday Champions, “Fuel by day and eat less at night.” This way you’ll have the energy they need to run and refuel and eating more during the day will curb your nighttime appetite. Going to bed with a mild hunger means you likely will be losing weight at night, when you are sleeping; this is preferable to losing weight when you are trying to train."
"Thirty percent of the younger crowd are fine dumping someone by telephone — versus 16 percent of the older folks. (The man who did that to me at 4:30 during my workday does have a special spot in hell.)"
"The exact role that cognitive function has in alcoholism treatment success is unclear. Structural and functional imaging, as well as more specific cognitive tests, may provide scientists with the tools needed to reveal subtle relationships between alcohol-related cognitive impairment and recovery. Meanwhile, certain conclusions can be drawn from existing research that help to explain how cognitive function may influence alcoholism treatment:"
"2 Tbsp all purpose flour"
"Unfortunately we forgot to bring the camera with us so I don't have any photos to show you. Sadly, the weather is back to nasty with no signs of getting nice again but it was great to get out for a bit yesterday...can you tell we probably needed it???"
"And that one Talent which is death to hide,"
"Pizza day is always a fun day in my house. My kids all get involved, and it turns into a project (and we’re not “project” people). For us, pizza making has always been my husband’s territory, and he’s perfected his recipe over many years. So while it’s much easier to pick up a phone and order, making this by hand is very satisfying and taste-wise leaves the version that arrives on the back of a bike in the dust. So here’s a recipe that will keep you and the kids occupied (and fed) for a while this Hanukkah."
"then chop up the squash in small pieces."
"Moodylicious Children's Spa and Boutique donated these super cool items! One bottle of Cherry Face frosting and a jar of Salt water taffy face frosting form her children's spa skincare line! They smell sooo good and this line is perfect for little girls that want to feel like rock stars!"
"back their keys to garden, after"
"Spread with sour cream, sprinkle salt and pepper generously. Top with tomato, basil and onion. Preheat oven @ 190C."
"Garlic Chicken Fried Chicken"
"The x-ray showed a tiny fracture line along one knob of my radius bone. Didn't look too bad, but she said a cast would be needed for a week, then review by an orthopod."
"I used two colors, China Glaze’s “Dance Baby” and a black color from Savvy (it doesn’t have a name…name it yourself if you want)."
"And I wound up doing voiceover this morning. It went well; I did my familiar take on the difference between ales and lagers (a hot jungle vs. a cold pine forest), the different malts in three of Stoudt's ales, and talked some more about hops. Meanwhile, John had re-edited the show, and there was now a LOT more beer in it, including some stuff from the first shooting we did back in May talking to Eddie Stoudt about bitterness in beer which was some of my favorite footage we did, and I was glad to see it back in. I actually like it better now: it's tighter, more focused on beer, and doesn't drag at all. Thanks, PBS."
"NE – New Era Electronics"
"But Bob’s straddling of the music and comedy business – he likes a bit of a straddle, does Bob - has given him an interesting insight into the way the comedy industry functions in the UK and particularly in Edinburgh:"
"So look out ennui. It’s time to get moving."
"Add the chopped tomato and continue cooking till it is nice and mushy. Oil doesn't really have to leave the sides, but make sure the tomato is cooked thoroughly."
"*Improve digestion – keep your system moving"
"Recently, I needed to make a quick card for a friend who just had a baby boy so I decided to switch things up a bit and make this sweet little card."
"I am in love with this sweet porcelain"
"In the many court cases which have taken place since the whistle was finally blown a little more than a decade ago, a number of other teachers gave testimony that they were unaware of what was going on. As far as I can ascertain, Thomas Mooney was not called to testify. Even if he had been, given his detachment and preoccupation with his own problems, I would guess that he would also say that he didn’t know anything. And yet, that visceral part of me which does not always comply with my rational world-view wonders whether the underlying miasma of evil and misery in the school didn’t contribute somehow to his obvious unhappiness."
"against my throat"
"This will be implemented exactly as prescribed. These treatments kill lice lice and tender adults, but has no results on eggs, or nits. Fortunately, there is a really simple treatment that you can ingest. Numerous large cities have head lice removal salons. They are additional economical than chemical merchandise, are the natural and reliable."
"Some names are unusual — like ‘bot modi’ (broken"
"Emerging on to the road, I arrive in the picturesque village of Holmbury St Mary. A passing lorry stops, and the driver leans out of his cab window. I assume he wants to ask for directions, but no, he just wants to comment on the beauty of the countryside compared to his native Norfolk, about which I concur, and the friendliness of the locals. I’m on the cusp of agreeing with this point too but the effect is somewhat spoilt by the driver of a sportscar impatiently beeping his horn. We say our hurried goodbyes; he heads south to his next delivery, I continue to the Kings Head for a quick pint – a great but quiet little country pub with an interesting display of mining explosives in a case on the wall."
"17-Forming"
"inside the cyclone"
"Drill"
"-jared LOVES a christmas story. i do not. i repeat, i do not love a christmas story. but i do love jared."
"I think from time to time we all have periods in our lives"
"As the saying goes, “Day four, eat a pound of Smjor.” So we did, and then headed off for a lovely morning of Icelandic horseback riding!"
"You know how people say things hapen in 3′s well i have the perfect example , On Sunday morning my dear mother in law turned round 2 quicly whilst trying to stop my baby nephew falling off the bed and out popped her shoulder , She’s homee and settled although laid u for 6 wks"
"Though I've done a little bit better with this one, I wouldn't say I succeeded. Let's be honest: I LOVE TO EAT. Having to cut out some of my favorites is hard. Breakfasts this past week were things like yogurt and fruit or protein bars instead of buttery scones. I call that a success! However, I still ate salty snacks with lunch and did my routine evening snacking in front of the tv, so I still have a ways to go. Baby steps, right?"
"With me now being in my mid 20's and having my own family- now more than ever do I realise how important friends are and the roles they play in my life but as well as my children. One thing I love about being a mum is the relationships you make with others from school and preschool drop offs, meetings at supermarkets and cafe's, coffee groups etc. Being relational I think it what women do best."
"Bradford M.P., Max Madden, described Judge Pickles as a \"repulsive old buffer\" who had \"plumbed the depths by his remarks which will cause widespread offence to people of all races and nationalities\"/ Liaqat Hussain of the Bradford Council for Mosques called for Judge Pickles to be prosecuted under the Race Relations Act."
"Do women do it differently than men? A couple things come to mind."
"Ivy, blossom, magnolia, hyacinths, grape hyacinths are here along with others whose names I won't bore you with, which is my way of saying that I can't remember what they are all called. Who cares if they don't last long, ephemera has its own very special charm."
"The Giant Insects"
"Seattle’s Convention and Visitors Bureau, a private, nonprofit marketing organization, has served as Seattle/King County’s official destination marketing organization (DMO) for more than 50 years. The goal of these marketing efforts is to enhance the employment opportunities and economic prosperity of the region."
"Ask about the surgeon’s credentials"
"2: We have already defined four of these: tropical, lunar, sidereal and conventional. Jupiter time is important for understanding the sixty-year cycles. The others are not practically important."
"As far as couponing, I find I can save more money on all of the regular food items my family eats on a regular basis--without clipping coupons. I am a strict shopper and don’t buy very few (if any) pre-packaged or processed foods/snacks and so coupons have never worked for me. I know you can get the occasional coupon that works for items I use, but it is not worth my time or money to clip"
"But, is this the Biblical blueprint? Is this what we see modeled in Scripture. Didn’t Jesus say: “Go and make disciples of all nations…” Didn’t He say, “You are to be my witnesses…? So, how can we do this if we do all of this at our church buildings? Is salt any good if it stays in the salt shaker?"
"My daughter was born just before the disaster of 9/11, and my entire existence was knocked out of balance. I became politically motivated. I suddenly felt the true power of submission and femininity like never before. I began to feel the need to submit to my husband, who up until that point had acted like a teenager in a man’s body. My feminist upbringing taught me how to fill in the gaps for him and literally perform his duties when he would not. The more I acted like a real woman, the more he in turn behaved like a real man. I think we fell into very traditional roles when our children came and it made us mature very quickly as man and wife."
"It was interesting to learn about how they trim the sails to catch the right amount of wind, and maintain the correct milling velocity, and how they raise and lower the millstones to adjust for small differences in grinding speed … but I personally am not sure I’d not rather have stayed inside. The ground was far below – 36 feet – and the deck of the stage did not give off the most comfortable feeling."
"A train has advantages over other types of vehicles. It is a highly efficient, consistent, and relatively cheap way to get a lot of people to the same place at the same time. If schooling is like riding a train, as I described in my last post, then schooling is an efficient way to make sure that all students will \"get to the same place,\" educationally, riding on the same tracks at the same pace, right?"
"The game has officially changed! I just got a full page in Coastal Living, things are crazy, life is good."
"On December 17th, 2010, President Obama signed a bill extending the Bush tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans for another two years."
"My latest find is Digby & Iona, a brand launched in 2006 by designer Aaron Ruffs who has a penchant for hidden treasure. The latest collection is called 'Me & My Arrow' and takes inspiration from prehistoric times and ancient tools. Each piece is created with a simple aesthetic, which naturally appeases my minimalist style. I love how fine the pieces are and the dedication to detail, especially the teeny tiny feathers attached to each arrow."
"9:00 am: We're on I5! 302 more miles to Grants Pass, I'm really excited now!"
"I liked his \"frame within a frame\" paintings but some of his work was a bit odd. (But hey, he painted SKY BLUE clouds!!)"
"3. Whisk together the egg, milk, and pepper, then pour over the veggies. Top with a sprinkling of Pecorino. Bake in the oven until the frittata is cooked through, about 10-12 minutes."
"4) Describe this person’s relationship to Christ. What quotations or activities reflect his/her heart for God?"
"That’s all for today and til next time happy crafting!"
"Some other comparisons I received were:"
"What Creative Time Says: Here, culture is public storage."
"like a honest, gentle river"
"While the photographs may be graphic to some readers, it documents the high cost that soldiers paid for what they believed in a country of united states. Bontecou’s photographs, or carte de visites (CDV) were a result of the order by Surgeon General William A. Hammond to document the cases that the surgeons worked on, their treatment, and their outcomes. Many of Bontecou’s photographs helped illustrated the"
"Yeah, I guess it always is changing, but there’s classics like ‘Loves Of A Blonde’, ‘Antoine And Colette’, ‘Maculin Feminin’. I also like more recent films like ‘This is England’, ‘Dogtooth’ and ‘Attenberg’."
"Now, I like to think that not many things would shock me any more but recently, I have found that, I am nowhere close to the end of the “shock” list. Based on what I thought was a careless comment, I discreetly asked a lot of girls if they would like to date/marry a virgin male and 70% said NO! I mean, this is a world where women are called sluts…ridiculed on a daily basis for not being virgins?"
"And really, really creepy."
"Heleva spends most of the night talking to the bride to be’s sister who refuses to take her shoes off and also seems to share her contempt for the wealthy. “I tell you one good thing about the rich,” she says. “They usually have the best drugs.” With that, the two sneak off, unnoticed, to their hosts master bath. In the medicine cabinet they find a nice big bottle of Oxycoden. Under the sink they find a large dildo as well as legally and morally questionable pornography. Heleva places the dildo on the tub next to a child’s rubber ducky just to fuck with and disturb its owner. She looks thoughtfully at the fake cock. “I guess the rich aren’t that different from us after all.\" She pockets the Oxy and exits the bathroom."
"However, when I went looking for them, I discovered that every book that has ever made an appearance on my Kindle has a TOC. It’s quite useful actually. You can jump straight to chapter ‘x’ where that really interesting thing happens. I wish I’d known sooner… Also useful if you are switching about between books, I guess."
"\"We are supported by the state, but not representing it. We are completely independent, artistically and politically.\""
"over a 31 day period. This"
"Perales: My research interests remain connected to the border. My current project evolved from my work on Americanization in El Paso at the turn of the 20th century, and looks at perceptions of Mexican mothers on the border. I think El Paso will always be a part of my work."
"I thought it was also really cute that the heroine reads paranormal romance novels and she fell asleep once while reading a previous book in this series. HA! Cute!"
"I am just writing one intro post right now for both of my blogs because I am on a short break at work. Now, if I had and IPHONE, I could do it from there…lol. But since I don’t, this will have to do till later tonight."
"Once I saw that smile, I breathed again, knowing that I had definitely made the right choice for my baby girl’s upcoming wedding celebration."
"I need to remind myself that even though they have heard us saying the same thing for over 150+ days, they will need to be hearing it again and again and again....even though I am about to go batty, up the wall, cray cray saying it! =) I need to remember to have a Heart of Patience."
"Mom sent me a newspaper clipping of Becky in her military uniform. It was weird because Becky wasn’t smiling in the photo and she always smiled. That’s the one thing I remember about her; she always had a smile on her face. I wonder if Beck is still in the service and if Ellen is cooking at some Five-star restaurant like she dreamed she would. Maybe someday I’ll find out."
"You might not think that you are a marketing and sales person, but if you own or work in a small business think again. When you’re in business for yourself – whether you like it or not, feel like you’re good at it or not – you are a marketing and sales person."
"Stay tuned for Part 3, coming soon to a harpist's blog near you..."
"As I left Jeff with the kids at the restaurant tonight because I am frustrated that they aren't responding the way I want, I have gained even more appreciation for my parents. They were 16 and 19 when they were married and ended up being married for 37 years. They were not perfect, but they were an amazing example of love, dedication, faith and perseverance. It is not easy being a parent, but they taught me that the most important relationship is that of husband and wife and then you can be united as parents. I am so impressed that they both broke the cycle of broken marriages(of their own parents) and found comfort in a secure relationship with one another."
"Other forms Find or make the forms that will be most useful to you, and be consistent when you fill them out (always use the same name and date formats, abbreviations, etc.). Software programs can keep track of a lot of information for you, but recording your research problems on paper can help you organize your thoughts and have all the information you need handy, no matter where you are researching. I especially like the idea of having a form to sketch out difficult research problems, including all the information you already have, and specifying what you are trying to find out."
"Once they were browned I tossed some peeled shallots, chopped carrots and celery into the frying pan for a few minutes, before adding them to the pheasants. I added a few sprigs of thyme and two bay leaves."
"So it is — it is here."
"After dinner we went to seeThe Fighter. Which seemed appropriate, since it was Boxing Day and all."
"I am a tenth generation American, descended from a family that has been working a farm that was deeded to us by William Penn. The country has changed around us but we have held true. I stand in my grandmother’s kitchen, look down the valley to her brother’s farm and see my great-great-great-great-great-grandmother Hannah standing on the porch. She is holding the baby, surrounded by four other children, and saying goodbye to her husband and oldest son who are going off to fight in the Revolutionary War. The war is twenty miles away and her husband will die fighting. We are not the Daughters of the American Revolution; we were its mothers. My father, Milton C. Woodlen, got his doctorate from Temple University in the 1940’s when—in his words—“a doctorate still meant something.” He became an education professor at West Chester State Teachers College, where my mother, Elizabeth Hope Copeland, had graduated. My mother raised four girls and one boy, of which I am the middle child. My parents are deceased and my siblings are estranged. My fiancé, Robert H. Dobrow, was a fighter pilot in the Marine Corps. In 1974, his plane crashed, his parachute did not open, and we buried him in a cemetery on Long Island. I could say a great deal about him, or nothing; there is no middle ground. I have loved other men; Bob was my soul mate. The single greatest determinate of who I am and what my life has been is that I inherited my father’s gene for bipolar disorder, type II. Associated with all bipolar disorders is executive dysfunction, a learning disability that interferes with the ability to sort and organize. Despite an I.Q. of 139, I failed twelve subjects and got expelled from high school and prep school. I attended Syracuse University and Onondaga Community College and got an associate’s degree after twenty-five years. I am nothing if not tenacious. Gifted with intelligence, constrained by disability, and compromised by depression, my employment was limited to entry level jobs. Being female in the 1960’s meant that I did office work—billing at the university library, calling out telegrams at Western Union, and filing papers at a law firm. During one decade, I worked at about a hundred different places as a temporary secretary. I worked for hospitals, banks, manufacturers and others, including the county government. I quit the District Attorney’s Office to manage a gas station; it was more honest work."
"While the plan might not necessarily work long term-wise… unless Weight Watchers forever continues on for the rest of my life, it is a great start to figure out what it is you’re supposed to be eating and how much of it to have as well."
"I attended a wedding once where the groomsmen wore white and the bridesmaids dressed in black. Not your standard black dresses, but rather floor-length svelte dresses with long black gloves. Every detail of that wedding was breathtaking including the way that the meals were served. The waiters marched through with sparklers on trays held high in the air--evidence that this wedding was something to celebrate."
"And I seem to do so much better when I have some way of channeling some of my creativity, which I experience almost like a physical urge. Which is why I took so well to blogging. When I blog, my head stops whirling around and I can actually concentrate."
"Ebook Readers – The Perfect Travel Companion"
"The Brew Thru. (yes meg, I went thru…)"
"—Nazi Poster, 1921"
"I put my mooncake making on hold for a while so that my family members will not be overwhelmed with eating too many mooncakes. I know that the Mid-Autumn Festival is over, so bear with me meanwhile. :)"
"Release Date : 8 April 2001"
"There is always a chance to get restarted, a new world, a new life, scarred but smarter."
"It gets worse: he continues, \"Most of them, surely we can agree, have a small but significant psychological flaw which draws them back to childhood ...You have to be slightly odd.\""
"Nothing spells advantage better than a commute over a reversible lane bridge. At least that’s the pitch from Adera, the firm behind the NOMA urban townhome development in North Vancouver. With its central location at West 14th and Marine, NOMA offers residents the advantage of choosing between the Lions Gate or the Second Narrows to make it to work. Either way, you’ve got a big schlep ahead. Go NOMA!"
"The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.~William A. Ward"
"If we fail, it is inevitable that South Africa will lose its status as a pivotal player in world affairs, negatively affecting both the domestic and the African development project."
"Asian-American academic achievement: understanding the truth behind the myths is essential for all learners, including Asian Americans.” Phi Delta Kappan 90.5 (2009): 338-345. Print."
"Author/Creator: 3015 North Studios/Jay Smith"
"Did I think it was an accurate representation of what breastfeeding really looks like? No. However, I guess I would rather young women see breastfeeding glamorized, such was the young lady wearing skinny jeans, flats, perfectly coiffed and beautifully made up. (As opposed to how I often breastfed, with dirty clothes, hair, and dozing because it was the one quiet moment I was afforded. Not glamorous, but definitely real.)"
"So yes, I do think that force carbonation gives a different sort of fizziness than bottle-conditioning, and that's why."
"Any other books you can think of that made you almost pee yourself? Or are you a comedic writer? How do you weave humor into your writing?"
"Finally, these bookshelves were ready for installation! We found the studs in the wall, and screwed directly into those all the way up. We had to be careful to keep these level and mount them exactly the same space apart from the wall. We didn't want any sort of leaning effect going on in here!"
"One hundred and fifty guests, including a bridal party of ten bridesmaids and ten groomsmen, gathered at the country club at 6:30 p.m. to witness the joining of families. Reverend Ed Donaghy (revedweddings.vpweb.com) performed a nondenominational Christian ceremony, which included a handfasting ceremony while the couple promised their vows. Tank, the couple’s English Bulldog, had a very important role as the ringbearer!"
"Later the Bosticks lived in the Willacoochee area in Berrien County."
"Finally the coordinator role is to balance the needs of the contributing developers with that of the communities requests. In the Apache world this means attempting to align contributors efforts with that of user and other projects needs towards making the release date. This may mean communicating with developers to attain status' on particular issues in the project tracking system, or assigning issues to available resources to get required work resolved."
"Pinch of black pepper"
"I am going on sabbatical from Blogland."
"Vol. 1, No. 21, 28 January, 1859, pp. 245-246."
"With dry faith the pages rustle open:"
"* Her facial features; made a wig; added ears."
"The panic selling of junk bonds seems to have ebbed. The prior week saw $3.43 billion exit this risky asset class as concerns over Greece’s default took center stage. That was the largest weekly outflow since 1992 and was itself a ratcheting up of selling from the previous week when $1.62 billion was redeemed. This past week was still negative but more subdued with only $321 million flowing out of that asset class. This suggests that investors are slowly returning to accepting risk once again."
"MOUNT EERIE \"TO THE GROUND\" 7\" (feat. Nicholas Krgovich)/ OUT NOW"
"Last month, a senior police officer at the same station and second-in-command of its crime prevention unit was arrested for alleged corruption."
"Him: No."
"TIME magazine wrote an article called “How Not to Raise a Bully: The Early Roots of Empathy” that I wanted to share here. The article discusses techniques parents can use to help teach empathy to children at an early age. This is a subject I have talked about many times on this website and one I believe we can all take away some learning from."
"Let me just start by saying that Key West, Florida is a big HELL different than our recent locale of Destin (which more than ever now holds a place of scorn in my heart). Had we only seen Destin and then left Florida, I don’t think either I or Handsome Husband would ever return. Howsomever, we trekked our way down here to Key West, and we’re thrilled with this place! We have happy smiles on our faces, well, all the time!"
"It appears that another season is done with no wins against his major competition. And with yet another trio of major championships on tap for 2011, 2012 & 2013, the window on Powell’s career is rapidly closing. In 2005, there were those that took it for granted that he would have triple gold at this point – not the two bronzes and 5th that he picked up. There is no doubt that he is fast. But he and his people are going to have to get him tougher and more resilient if there is any hope that he will make his way to the top of the podium. Bolt and Gay are still young, and there are youngsters like Walter Dix and Yohan Blake that are going through that process of taking their lumps as we speak – and getting tougher and hungry. The road ahead is not getting any easier."
"Here’s the bowl (a gorgeous Elsa Peretti Tiffany Bowl! Nicest piece of crystal I own. Thought it would be fun to use here)"
"1 C wild rice"
"17:30 – 18:30 Velvet Texas Cannonball"
"To be clear there is not and has never been anything emotional between Mr. Basketball and me. It was purely phyiscal. I’ve never been attracted to his face and he simply isn’t someone that I can converse with for hours upon hours. In fact, it’s never been the case with anyone that I’ve gotten closer to to spite my current relationship. I’ve never cheated emotionally, only physically. I’m not saying that any of this made it OK, it was wrong and I realize that but it brings me to the point I’m about to make."
"Why are there so many infertile couples all over the place?"
"For the Cherry Mousse filling:"
"as a brotherhood and a sisterhood,"
"How you have"
"The son of a goat cannot be a dog. One of my sons said the day the son of an elephant is born, that day the son of elephant is already bigger than the son of a cow. The son of an elephant cannot be like the son of a cat."
"Don't worry, I'll keep you posted."
"by Grant Morrison & Cameron Stewart, 2004"
"Then he said I really did hear that it was good. OK... so why ask me?"
"My love doesn't hold grudges like I do."
"If the latter is found to be true then we must work very hard to change a very, very bad law. That truly would be a fitting legacy and tribute to Mr. Martin’s death."
"I think I look a lot better as a blonde, although, I do look deathly in that picture. No makeup/eyebrows. Don't ask. This color will stay. Maybe a better picture posted soon... Hmm... Nah, no one cares."
"That Ain't My Wife by Swamp Dogg"
"We of the Galactic Federation have been working on this with the other"
"The study is preliminary, but the results are expected to be similar in the final report."
"AWP: What were your favorite childhood things to do?"
"GOOD LUCK!!!"
"On their knees the war pigs crawling"
"Rejoice O earth in shining splendour,"
"Just a quick post today."
"it is not that i have no material, honestly i do- you're looking at THE girl who knocked over an enormous grandfather clock in the middle of a freaking holiday concert at the governor's mansion... and yes i heard about it from everyone in the bi-state area... and yes as soon as i did it i thought what a fantastical blog post i just paved the way for. but so far i haven't written a thing about it."
"Now to buy show gear. Yikes! We will be looking for consignment for sure!"
"In “The Long Way Home” he finds the experience in his personal roots. Other chapters extol the virtues of place, solitude, wonder, and walking, the latter activity being one which he finds particularly effective. Two of the vignettes take place in the Yukon, others in British Columbia, Spain, Japan and England. Sibley is particularly fond of walking tours and pilgrimages and has written extensively about his experiences in Spain and Japan."
"There's Margaret and Mary, there's Kate and Caroline;"
"Enjoyment: N/A - I didn’t enjoy myself reading this novel, but I couldn’t walk away from or stop reading this novel for the life of me. Make of that what you will."
"Those who say foster and adoption are cakewalks must live in glass houses…or something like that!"
"George bun!"
"I also shared with Governor Romney my belief that we cannot restore America as the greatest economic engine the world has ever seen until we return America to being a manufacturing superpower. He listened very carefully to my advice on this matter, and while our policy prescriptions differed, he clearly expressed his desire to create more opportunities for those that are feeling left behind in this economy."
"However, Sara's photographer friend Colin Young Wolff took some amazing behind-the-scenes and concert photos. You can check them out here."
"Robert Passero CLU, ChFC provides point-of-sale and case consultation in a variety of advanced markets areas. His extensive knowledge of products and sophisticated product illustration techniques make him a valuable resource for insurance reviews, complex product issues and illustration design for Metlife’s Wealth Advisory Group."
"I'll replace the photo as soon as I make mine. Just wanted you to see it.."
"* Taxpayers abroad. U.S. citizens and resident aliens who live and work abroad, as well as members of the military on duty outside the U.S., have until June 15 to file and pay. However, interest is still due on any tax payment made after April 17."
"Come Hop with us as we explore the world of Steam Punk with these digital stamps from CopicmarkerScrapbooking. They were drawn by the owner Colleen. My special letter for this Hop is G so make sure you go to all the hops in order to get the special word and you will have a chance to win the new set of Copic Colors. Everyone who completes the hop will win all the digital images."
"A little warning before I share our art project. This is a very, very, and did I mention very messy project. Be sure you are outside and quite aways from the nearest wall or other surface(that you prefer not to get splattered with paint). Also be sure the paper is a long enough distance from you, being too close creates even more splattering paint. Yes, we learned some of this the hard way. That said the mess was oh so very worth it and Junior had a blast."
"can't imagine what a wonderful friendly group these eagle"
"This is the University of Bologna, which is the oldest continually operating university in the entire world! Pretty impressive, right? The earliest accounts are from 1088, so it’s been a house of learning for almost 1,000 years! That is so unreal to me, and I’m so excited to visit!"
"If you are interested, please keep all of this in mind:"
"In the same bowl (as to reduce the amount of dirty dishes!) Heat the heavy cream until warm to the touch, but not boiling. (Or again, use a pot and transfer to the bowl.) Add in chocolate chips and stir. At first it'll look like milk chocolate. Keep stirring, suddenly it'll get darker and glossy looking. Add vanilla."
"shall we?"
"At her husband’s prompting, suburban mom and New York career woman Susan McCorkindale agreed to give up her stressful six-figure job. Together, they headed down south to a 500-acre beef cattle farm, and never looked back. Well, he didn’t look back. She did. A lot."
"Mental and Emotional Homelessness or deprived of security. No one ever thinks to bring the mental and emotional aspects of it because most have “their own” portrait of what homelessness. It is alot more than walking by a person who is less fortunate who people call ” bums, winos or street walkers “… Before most of them have become homeless, their mental and emotions became ” homeless first “…"
"Are developers using beta access and another demo or are they actually seeking help in developing a better game through thorough stress testing in a beta?"
"A kea. From a photo by Corey Mosen."
"When we got here, we listened to our friends and family and tried to put Princess Belle in Public school. There are not that many children around here, it is a much smaller school and they seemed willing to work with us to make it easier for her. But truthfully it has been a disaster of monstrous proportions. It has broken my heart to see just how hard it has been for her. Every day, she is getting notes about how \"defiant and disruptive\" she has been. On two separate occasions, she has ended up under furniture, crying and screaming hysterically, trying to hide and wanting to be left alone. I knew this was NOT normal behavior for any 8 year old child. And I knew that she had to be under extreme stress to be acting this way. We have decided to try to get her through the remainder of the year but we will be returning to homeschooling starting in September. We finally got our ADOS test which tests where children are on the Autism Spectrum Scale. An average child would get a score of about 0 or 1 and a child with an extreme case of Autism would get a 22. Princess Belle got a 10, which puts her smack dab where a child with Aspergers would be. They said that they also feel she was ADHD but wanted to primarily work with the Aspergers at this point. I am glad to have a diagnosis so that we can work with her. She is my special girl, and I am sad that life can't be easy for her, but I want to do what I can to make it easier for her. Homeschooling will help with that. I wanted her to get socialization, but all she is learning right now is that she is \"a bad girl and she is weird\". (It is heartbreaking, but those are her words.) I don't want her to go through her school years feeling that was. I want her to know how special and smart she really is. The Pediatric Development Specialist said that she agrees with our decision to homeschool and that the majority of patients she has with this condition are homeschooled."
"She looked at him and answered, \"Yes. Why do you ask?\""
"The next time I’m in Taos I’ll see if Don Rumsfeld wants to get together for a scotch, and listen to some of these cd’s. What he thinks about them at this point is an unknown unknown.-Jim Webb"
"See ABBA."
"Ben-Zion Netanyahu was to be buried in Jerusalem on Monday. He is survived by his sons, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, and Iddo Netanyahu, a physician, author and playwright. He'll be missed."
"Above, a woman watched an impromptu speech. The demonstration took on the qualities of a street fair. People came to Bourguiba Avenue with their families, carrying toddlers on their shoulders."
"Blu-ray on the PlayStation 4 is a dead cert. While digital distribution is undoubtedly the way forward, not every PlayStation owner has access to a fast broadband connection."
"The character I play in the movie is Melodie, Schmidt’s next door neighbour. Melodie is the hot girl in school who everyone has a crush on including Schmidt. When he asks her to the prom she feels guilty saying no but is also embarrassed that the other students including the hot football player Jenko can see her talking to the nerdiest guy in school. Jenko eavesdrops on Schmidt’s pathetic attempt to ask Melodie to the prom and makes fun of him causing Schmidt to choke up and run away."
"The next time we were both at church we found each other and started talking again. He asked me if I wanted to go to lunch afterwards with him and the large group he was going with. They happened to be going to the same place that my family was going, which I told him. My mom and sister, being the wonderful people that they are, insisted I sit with Eddie and his group instead of with them. When we had finished eating Eddie walked me to my car and asked for my phone number so that he could call me and take me out on a date."
"I was caught off guard. \"Huh? Sino?\""
"Teen fiction wasn’t as developed when I was a teen as it is today. I think the overall quality of children and teen’s fiction today is quite high—I’d rank the best YA fiction among the best fiction for adults any day."
"In the last few days I have been reminded about God's love for me, and what it means to be a good father. Of course, wanting to be like the ultimate Father, we, fathers have shoes that we will never be able to fill. We can, however, take every day occurrences and use them as opportunities to show what God reveals."
"The total incidence of sudden death that can be attributed to nothing beyond heart failure is a complete mystery. The young and symptom-free may be the tip of the iceberg."
"But other than that course, I’ve done nothing else. The boyfriend and I are just working on piecing together our place and adding the little touches that make it a home. Pictures to come, I’ve finally pulled my camera out of its hiding place and snapped a couple photos."
"So when I found out it was one of the ladies from works birthday last week I had to make a card for her using Edward as she is just as much a fan as myself, sometimes I wonder if more so than me. She was so excited when I gave it to her and I even made him sparkle in the sun. Unfortunately you are unable to see this in the photo but it did work, I just used Tattered Angels Pearl Glimmermist and a small paint brush instead of spraying."
"Lighthouse Family life Helpline Ministry is therefore committed to effectively developing godly families that change the world one home at a time."
"I’ll keep you guys updated on the trial. As long as I can get into contact with O. J. Simpson’s lawyer, I should have a case."
"South Florida is a bit of an outlier, geographically speaking, but overall the conference lays out pretty nicely. The only dog in the Big East from last season’s won-loss standpoint is Syracuse."
"I've purchased quite a few items from this business this year, but I'll only be doing a review on a certain pair of shoes which caused me quite a lot of grief these past few months. I may include a small overview of the other items I've bought from Lovely E-Gallery next time."
"I also snapped these photos today of a few other things I wanted to remind myself to always be thankful for..."
"So here is my list of favorites, followed by some general comments by competitive areas. Let the debates begin!"
"I think we can look at the getting people to believe nonsense & lies, aka \"suspension of disbelief\" like a bubble. When the bubble is whole, everything goes. But if the bubble is popped…? Logic flaws that didn't seem like flaws at all are glaringly obvious, readers go 'wha??', and writer is grasping at straws to explain the deficit of sense made."
"Claudia Alicia Martinez Foster, 26, New York, N.Y."
"Christian Business Ethics: Earning Profit"
"By that time she was living in Manhattan and I didn’t have to scan my memory of the city long before I reached its west river. And while only five years has past, it feels like eons and I wasn’t really certain how I wanted to go about naming our new BFF (Baby Fuzzybutt Four)."
"“But though, we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.”"
"The Japanese discovered how to electrically separate water into two parts: acid and alkaline. This alters the hydrogen and oxygen bonds and creates smaller particles or micro-water. Most people buy micro-cluster water rather than a machine to make it. Tests show colloidal silver water alkalizes the blood in almost the same way as coral calcium. Colloidal silver alkalizes to assist against parasites & yeast infections too. Just Ask a Nurse. She’ll likely tell you to make and take low PPM batches throughout the day for yet even more alkalizing colloidal silver benefits. Sometimes the right water puts a new spin on life."
"And something warm to come to"
"This is such a versatile layout and perfect for CAS stamping. Scroll down and you will find another card using the exact same layout, but the colors give it a whole new look!"
"As with any electronic equipment, once you get familiar with it, the technical aspects become almost invisible. The computers at each end of the conversation link up, happy people bound into view, and everyone starts talking."
"Bowser Alcazar 2:19:661"
"8. World Downfall"
"When I was 16 I changed schools to do my A Levels, and around where I lived there was a lot of building going on. The same builders, employed by the people who owned all the land around, and somehow or other I got chatting to them."
"Simple Minds – I Travel (Extended Mix)"
"If you play along feel free to leave a link to your post."
"This movement is not an aero benefit in itself, but may be symptomatic of other flexibility in the wing."
"I said that, having read the novel previously, this time I had read it very carefully, trying to see which of those two interpretations held water, but that I had found that neither did, and the places where it all came unstuck were in the conversations with Mrs Grose which were unfathomable in their ambiguity. It was often impossible, I found, to know exactly how to assess Mrs Grose: when she was being sincere in her sympathies, or when she was perhaps humouring the governess over her belief in the ghosts. The extent of the unreliability of the governess-narrator was not always clear. Others in the group nodded in agreement. I said that on the whole I came down on the side of the psychological interpretation (James was a psychological novelist, after all), but that there was one particular scene where that simply doesn't hold water at all. After the governess sees the 'ghost' of Quint looking in through the dining-room window, she describes his very distinctive appearance - red hair, strange little whiskers - in great detail to Mrs Grose, who immediately recognises the description (with apparent horror) as that of Quint, the master's previous valet. At this precise point the governess has never even heard of Quint and has yet to be told that he is dead. This would seem to indicate that in the objective terms of the novel, the ghost does indeed exist as an objective reality. It had seemed to me that the only conclusion to draw was that a novelist as conscious as James and unlikely to make a mere mistake, must thus, as some critics have concluded, be deliberately creating an ambiguity of possibilities. However, I now wondered if John could be right, and we all reconsidered the novel in the light of his suggestion."
"“I am Bjroknorenstienalar.”"
"But what I got was a film confused about its own identity."
"And then every now and then there's a none-too subtle reminder why the country is considered the crucible of all that is civilised in this world."
"If she misfiled one li'l thing he'd scold her."
"Unfulfilled because instead of being a great mother and wife, I am distracted by gadgets and social media."
"Dear Chocolate,"
"This planter is similar to the one we will make in my sculpture class"
"A very present help in trouble."
"I was recently asked to forward to my editor at Hopscotch some ideas for the book covers for the ICT series I am writing. I thought this was brilliant. I have never been asked to contribute to the design of the book cover before."
"Yesterday morning, the morning of Christmas Eve, my mother’s cousin died at home in Scotland."
"Pope Benedict XVI, in his address to the Rome Diocesan Congress, clarified the focus of our Christian life and the role the institutional Church plays in fostering that focus:"
"Gorilla Gorilla Gorilla – Luxury Condo"
"There are two parts to this book, the story of their lives in captivity, and then the story of after they’ve escaped. Both parts make you think."
"Because of you, we've also been able to put together some anthologies that we are really proud of. The energy we felt as we put your work out into the world was amazing. To top it off, we were able to donate money to some cool organizations and give some of you writers well-earned payment. We thank Becca for being our partner-in-crime for all of our anthologies, and C. N. Nevets for being our Tweeter for a time."
"The problem is the reliance on the Supercomputer. The data is \"smoothed\" before it is input. That is to say the figures are rounded up or down. Which is a big mistake. We are dealing with tiny increments of temperature and the figures are \"smoothed\", that is, the tiny variations of temperature are either added or taken away. Not very scientific is it?"
"As a matter of interest, her view of our cops is that they are a “criminal enterprise renamed the South African Police Service — a mostly illiterate, ill-trained force, riven by feuds, fetishes, and factional loyalties” who are “seizing fire arms from law abiding citizens and selling them for profit to other criminals”."
"Zhara and our friends, Emma and Olivia explored the nearby creek, and were amazed that despite the cold temps, there were still ducks around."
"Evangelical Protestants held steady and Catholics and mainline Protestants declined."
"Yes, that was indeed a long detour of a prologue to arrive at the main focus of today’s posting, but off we go…"
"After all that is why athletes train- to get better. And anything that can be done to make training a more productive endeavor will aid one's performance! Too often, both for fans and those conducting tests, the focus is on the actual competition itself - and that was McGwire's focus in his confession. But there is much that must be done BEFORE you compete. You don't get good, or great on the day of competition. You become great during preparation. Competition is the test of how good or great you have become - the time when the training pays off."
"KS-03 Dennis Moore SC-01 Henry Brown, Jr."
"I would recommend using hiking sticks to take pressure from your knees. Take due precautions. Bring water and energy food just in case."
"Do you see Napolitano resting? I do. Are those deformed shrimp a sign of a restored Gulf Coast? How much compensation is BP paying this year to fishermen (at least fishermen if not more people from more impacted industries)? How much is going to the resort industries where if you swim on their beaches, you get skin problems from the Corexit and oil?"
"You should include \"query\" and your book's title in your query's subject line. That title makes a big first impression!"
"We then moved on to Huw Alexander from Sage and cover the publishers point of view toward e-books and highlighted that all formats are important depending on the style of study you plan. He accepted that all forces need to come together work much closely try and be flexible and find better solutions for easier accessibility."
"a time to weep and a time to laugh,"
"So what exactly was Romney saying. Somehow, someway the term Urban became another way to describe African American people as a whole."
"2 tablespoons of vegetable oil or real butter melted"
"love & hugs"
"You know, we do not have the most affirming message: that is, we do not have a message that says: “I’m okay, you’re okay” like a certain book from the 1970s. Anyone who leaves these services thinking he has been told how good he is, has not paid any attention to our liturgy. We do not approach God thanking Him that we are not as other men, boasting of being “good people.” Rather, “we bewail our manifold sins and wickedness, which we, from time to time, most grievously have committed.” Frankly, there is no other way to approach God."
"* there is a new section on data privacy/protection (replacing the domain name section)"
"Which spreads abroad so wide a river of speech?”"
"Paloma"
"Why The Choice Of Bicycle Seat Is So Crucial For Your Biking Enjoyment"
"I even get to have some of my own toys and books in this new room! It's awesome! And for now the \"noose\" has been strung away and the ladder to the loft bed is on the bunk so no climbing for me. I can't imagine why my parents took that away from me?! For now the rocker will stay in my room as I do like to cuddle sometimes. But once that baby brother or sister makes an appearance, it'll go back into the other room."
"\"My guinea pig.\""
"I could go on, but I don’t want to dwell on the negative. Bear in mind, that was not my first time to Ukraine. I used to own a business here, and I’m very seasoned in Eastern Europe… so corruption and bureaucracy does not ruffle me in the least."
"Late last week, I got an email from a client asking why her latest release wasn't available as an eBook in the UK. Bemused, I emailed her to say that we had only sold North American rights to her US publisher and hadn't done a subrights deal for that territory as of yet. The US publisher didn't have the right to make its edition available in Great Britain. In fact, there shouldn't be any edition of her book being sold in that territory."
"2. Our most impossible situations need the transforming power of the Spirit. Ezekiel describes how this happened in his vision. Can you imagine such power that makes dry bones to hear God’s Word, to come together, to form muscle and flesh, to breath, to stand at attention as an army? That is a transformation."
"I forgot to mention my project also meets the challenge over at Party Time Tuesdays. They are doing a love/cupcake theme challenge this week. It is hard to see in the photos, but my background papers have cupcake accents on them. I added so many embellishments, they get a little lost in the photos!"
"Throughout the project, I attempted to establish contact with Egyptians via Twitter, Facebook, and even email. For instance, I sent two of the Egyptian panelists at “Women Making Democracy” a few questions after the conference, encouraged by one direct tweet and a few re-tweets—all to no result."
"is the best"
"Your Chapter One must move along smartly, but in being economical you cannot become vague. Difficult, you say? It’s all in the context."
"Happy March everybody! The beginning of March always gives me the feeling that spring is right around the corner. I'd feel even more that way if we hadn't had a snow/ice storm here last night. ;-) But I'm still holding out hope that spring is just around the corner."
"Whew! Well, soon it will be back to non-Christmas stuff and from what I've seen from scrolling through older challenges at these sites, I'll have a much harder time combining challenges. But this has been fun while it lasts! I'll just have to make lots more cards in 2012! =)"
"1.fun tonight"
"Because there are too many \"cheetahs\"!!!!"
"If you have a passion, investigate it. See if there is anyone else who shares your passions. Groups are forming all over the internet. In some cases, there are chances to meet in person."
"Last year I traded some DS Quilts fabric on Etsy (probably not officially allowed) for a dress from Wild Olive Kids. I asked the owner for any advice to learn to sew dresses, and she said to pick a good pattern and practice. So I picked the Reese pattern specifically for its versatility with sleeves, ruffles, different fabrics, etc. I am so happy I did! I also bought two other dress patterns and plan to put them to use when it gets a little warmer out since they are summer styles."
"Elizabeth: I love taking long walks, do yoga, see films, attend the theatre when I’m not writing and visiting my family."
"thirds in it. My goal for the class is that the children will be able to"
"Lifting the hem of her azure dress,"
"Sunday 5pm-9pm"
"Accidents in the line of duty are tragic, and will always happen. But the nature of Gentile's accidental shooting of Breitkopf - and according to the Daily News it appears to be an inexplicable accident of one veteran cop shooting another - brings to the fore the double-standard we have for police officers' accidental use lethal force."
"Most people spend their lives paired with an unfit romantic partner. Think about what this means. If you are in a relationship, chances are that you are probably with someone to whom to do not belong. Not in a possession kind of way, of course. Quit being so quick to judge. The premise that I am posing here should not seem so radical. The idea that relationships should be based on romantic love is a relatively new concept centered generally around the modern western world."
"4) All the great stories: There are so many great books out there in the urban fantasy genre right now, both for adults and young adults. Every time I go to the bookstore, I always see at least a half-dozen books that I’d like to bring home with me, if only my book budget would let me. Maybe when I win the lottery. LOL."
"He pulled out a piece of parchment, something Old Crones family line had passed down how to make through the generations."
"~Emily"
"Free Motion Squat: 20 @ 20 lbs"
"Andrew is on the extreme right with a white t-shirt on-plugging in the guitars at the beginning ,"
"Finally, the last of our reviewed dogs is one that we arguably could have grouped under Kosher-style because it comes in a natural casing and probably adheres to the same standards. We’re talking about Boar’s Head Natural Casing, and we’ve saved it for last because it was in the top 3 of all our reviewers and overall scored the best on average of everything in our survey. Extremely firm, extremely well-spiced, somewhat greasy but not inappropriately, and even somewhat salty, still it worked and the snap that we all noticed when biting into it seemed to seal the deal. Likely this brand is available in most markets and while we went into this survey not having had it that often, that will probably change in the future. Simply having tasted it in comparison with all these other dogs we just finally noticed what a class operation Boar’s Head really is."
"Long O CVCe Game with Recording Sheet"
"and as for his generation, who considered"
"Sam and Dave ~ Soul Man ~ Stax/Atlantic ~ 1967 Clarence Carter ~ Lookin’ For A Fox ~ Atlantic ~ 1968 Johnnie Taylor ~ Who’s Making Love ~ Stax ~ 1968 Rufus Thomas ~ Do The Funky Chicken ~ Stax ~ 1970 Jackey Beavers ~ Mr. Bump Man (Give Me A Hand) Part II ~ 77 Records US 1974/Buddah UK 1975. Madagascar ~ Rainbow ~ Arista ~ 1981"
"But yet there are so many extraordinarily wonderful things about this city, many arguably not found anywhere else, particularly in such close proximity. It is this density of services and culture that led me to coin the phrase Sirens of Convenience to describe the city's lure in spite of rocky shoals. So therein lies the key to understanding this whole perplexing situation: New York City is not a place of moderation, it's one of extremes, and for most, it's a Love/Hate thing. When Love overrides Hate, then you're a New Yorker. When Hate overrides Love, you don't want to live here. Or, in the case of a long-time resident, he or she may be inclined to leave."
"Sad thing is, when he is around he’s good with her."
"And...... sugar. Sweet sweet sugar."
"Not too bad, isn’t it? Even if you really hate paper work you should now consider doing it."
"I walked back into our home feeling rejuvenated. Then I saw her. Baby Monkey Girl ran toward me, her face winched in distress and her arms open wide. Her pitiful pout turned into a loud cry as she drew near. Scooping her up, I asked if she hurt herself. She shook her head and suddenly it hit me. She was upset simply because her world was out of order. My mini escape hadn't gone undetected. She had her daddy and her siblings, but that wasn't enough. :::sigh::: So much for freedom."
"Now is not the time to lay blame for lack of cleanup on our government. Now is the time to find any and all assets available to assist in the massive disaster, and once completed....go after the assholes responsible. (I would suggest freezing BP's assets, so no huge bonuses are paid and money siphoned away from helping those affected by this spill)."
"Like Sabaditsch-Wolff and Zemmour, Wilders could join the growing group of people convicted of, and punished for, telling the truth."
"SÉAN Ó FAOLÁIN"
"For the passes, signs, and handshakes are but emblems here below; we’ll not need them in that Great Lodge where we one day hope to go."
"Gouramis and the reflections. They were a lovely sight in their blue world."
"The nine books entrusted to the Nine Unknown contain information on"
"Scattered around some of these homes, littering the lawns and driveways like nasty lawn ornaments, are numerous corpses. It is hard to tell if some of these corpses were zombies that were shot or if these corpses are the result of pitched battles. Probably a little of both I am guessing."
"sure to be your new favorite images!"
"Since moving, Boo has two of the single units and our closet along his side of the room, and I have the large unit with one smaller wardrobe attached along mine."
"You're probably thinking I should get a life. Right?"
"2. Post on FB.."
"This morning, the Irish Government has quite rightly said, more or less, “Right – we’ve done our bit, we’ve taken the pain, and we haven’t given up. Now we think the rich countries we’ve saved should fork out.” Excellent: we should get behind the Irish, because they alone are showing some intelligent bottle – and they alone have made a genuine effort. If I were Nigel Farage, I’d be on the first flight out to Dublin this afternoon with a wind-up mechanism."
"Well what is this that I can't see"
"While the cute tram, a combination of orange coloured and clear glass, cream coloured metal and shiny wood (see photo), rattled and snaked its way through the town-centre, I was told it dated from 1928."
"I would have to say Pathfinder was the last \"big\" thing (and it is still going strong). It pushed itself from a side project (trying to maintain their adventure/module business) into a leader within the rpg scene. Some of the best designers now put out Pathfinder material and it is a \"go-to\" commodity for new designers."
"But there is a problem in his parallel. His best parallel would be not evolution but dinosaurs - and creationists are not particularly known for denying dinosaurs. One famous creationist, unlike Dawkins in prison, was while free even known as Doctor Dino."
"“Are you a boy or a girl?” (OK, not so crazy) to which it will respond “Is this relevant?”"
"The Farmer John lard is NOT hydrogenated."
"(2) First rising.—This allows the yeast plants conditions and time to produce carbonic acid gas, until the dough is distended to twice its original size."
"*Ink: Brilliance Coffee Bean;"
"Roberts Catholic church"
"Bad dates."
"Traditional Family Style ~ Lasagne"
"ROMNEY: Well, you’ve just heard the last two speakers also indicate that they support the concept of self-deportation. It’s very simply this, which is for those who come into the country legally, they would be given an identification card that points out they’re able to work here and then you have an E-verify system that’s effective and efficient so that employers can determine who is legally here and if employers hire someone without a card, or without checking to see if it’s been counterfeited, then those employers would be severely sanctioned."
"My entire life I’ve had very vivid dreams, but during this period I began not only talking in my sleep but sleepwalking as well. Over and over and over again. I had terrifying dreams almost every night for several years and, when I was awake, I was a nervous kid. My mom worked nights at a local hospital and, often, when she wasn’t home I would lie awake at night and worry. The few times my parents went somewhere and left my brother and me with a babysitter I was convinced something terrible would happen to them."
"At such times, words cannot do justice to the experiences of the past three and a half months."
"I venture into pride when I…"
"vehicle accident. It was a head-"
"\"How so?\" I asked He told me that two of the girls coming out are teachers and I'm hot for one of them\" and then he smiled and said \"And the best part is that they're twins!\" then with a big smile he said \"How hot is that?\""
"Often times, college serves as the transitional period from childhood to adult life as many students face those unanticipated “sink or swim” moments. Alyssa faced such a challenge when her residence hall was closed during her first midterms. She had to endure the added expense and time of moving while maintaining her grades. She quickly realized that in high-stress situations, she has the strength and resilience to carry on and succeed…invaluable traits of any physician."
"In my experience, this is often the hallmark of a writer who is weak when it comes to characters and even plotting. How can I tell? He begins with his strength…lots of intricate details about a painstakingly crafted world. Although not set in stone, generally, if the author dumps a huge chunk of information at the start of the book, then he is likely to use this tactic throughout."
"It's also nice to have a clean rag handy to clean up any excess. You just keep doing this till the whole wall is done! It's very time consuming and hurts your hands like crazy! You might be muttering some not so nice words by the end or have to drag your poor husband in to help finish the job like I did."
"Jilliana was great at the Dr. and only cried a little when she got her immunizations. The good news is that the standard of giving all new immunizations to children adopted from China has changed. Before we repeated all immunizations not knowing if they were really given or if they had been stored properly. But, the Dr.'s have found out that if the child comes with a detailed immunization record, then the immunizations do not need repeated. Also, when we adopted Lily last year, the law stated that she had to get re-immunized while in China. So she received 7 shots before leaving China. Jilliana only had to have the tb test before leaving. We gave her two of the shots that she had not had and will follow up at our Pediatrician for the one we did not get. Also, we will need to get blood work and the urine and stool samples done."
"Linguistic issues aside, it was great to meet up with Rachel as she's always prepared to give advice and a piece of her mind and she has a great sense of humour to boot but what did she come up with? Well somewhere, out there, is a poor little piggy who is wandering around with no feet as Rachel decided to introduce me to the Catalonian staple of trotters, one part of the animal that I had yet to try. There were 3 variations to sample, Trotters A La Catalan, Trotters Stuffed with Prunes and Plain Trotter, all prepared up to a point with some cooking to finish them off as well as some super concentrated pig stock. It was stipulated that the finishing part should be done at home and with a proper hob and oven. Try to do everything in a microwave and it will all turn to \"pish and I'm nae having that\" I was warned. By the time I got home that night, it was a little late to eat even by Spanish standards so I decided that I would rustle up the trotters for breakfast. So the next morning I set to business before work filling my kitchen up with delicious porcine smells. First up was the trotters catalan which were heated through in a vibrant orange carrot sauce and finished with picada stirred in, which is a blend of chopped hazelnuts, garlic and parsley fried with some of the sauce mixed together. Second was the trotter with stuffed prune which were to be sliced into rounds, fried and served up with a simple accompanying tomato sauce. And the third was the plain trotter wiped with some honey and roasted until crispy. And in terms of order of preference that's exactly how I favoured them. The trotter in the lairy orange sauce was beautiful and cut nicely through the glutinous flavour of the meat with a lovely nutty sweetness. I ended up drinking the remnants from the pan like soup which left me with a happy carrot moustache. The trotter with prune was a very close second with it's mixture of caramelised piggy crunchiness and soft textures within. Prune and pork made good bedfellows and the tomato sauce with some of a teaspoon of that thick stock blended in added just enough tartness to balance the flavours overall. The plain trotter was also nice but having smeared some honey on it, the tasting session was starting to err towards the saccharin end. I would be interested to see how trotter fares with more savoury or spicy flavours. The twins finished them off nevertheless (in fact they had a good dig in with everything)."
"Sophie: \"Do you have kids, Harry?\""
"Meanwhile, is it necessary to know that On The Waterfront is Kazan's rationalization for personally cooperating with HUAC in order to fully appreciate that film? I am sincerely asking this question. I suppose any answer would ultimately boil down to a definition of \"appreciate\" in this context."
"Roger Stevens"
"Sweet Love is not bound to be a heavy track. In fact, we are back to how Prayer opened: melodic and mellow. The guitartist is good, especially during the softer slower parts where any error he makes will be plainly audible. But musically this is not my style. I am hoping for something a bit more proggy. A Tear Of Sphinx might be just that. At least, I have no reason to believe by the title that this is going to be a similar affair. There is an air of Middle Eastern mystery that pervades. Later the guitar cries out, but the music is again a bit too accessible for my tastes. There is a sense of urgency in the playing tho."
"Q. Describe your job. What does a communications associate do at The New York Times Company?"
"I’m home alone, too. I think my mom left to take pictures, or something. Dad’s at work and my sisters are still at school."
"Third, we must act quickly to teach Christians the truth about marriage and God’s plan for sexuality in all its fullness and beauty. We must develop pastoral approaches that are faithful to Scripture and arm this generation of believers to withstand the cultural pressure and respond in ways that are truly Christian."
"I know people who always feel terrible after they give a talk, even if the talk was great (in my opinion). For some, the experience is such an anxious one, that is is difficult to enjoy the experience of giving a talk, even if the talk is interesting and presented well. I hope that for most people, this anxiety fades with time and experience giving talks."
"Goan beauty Ileana, for instance, is said to have been paid the highest for her Tamil film Nanban for which she took home 1.5 crore. Nayanthara, who has signed on four films after nearly a year, is also rumoured to have been paid the same amount for her comeback films."
"God created man in his own image, but man decided to disobey God and ate the forbidden fruit, sinning against God. The Bible says “we have all sinned and fallen short of the glory of god”. – How can you ever enter Heaven which is full of the glory of God when you have fallen shot of it? The answer is – Through Jesus."
"Based on the novels I've read so far, you could, I think, accuse James Bond – and possibly Ian Fleming – of being many things: a snob, certainly; a masochist, definitely; a homophobe, potentially; a racist, casually – although again those last two are more a product of their time than an active agenda. But a misogynist? I'm not so sure. If anything, I'd suggest that James Bond is, in fact, an illustrious example of that most unfortunate and ultimately doomed of beasts: the incurable romantic. And it'd be churlish to criticize a man for that."
"3. Fucked Up \"Queen of Hearts\" 4:36"
"F. Roddys 1"
"We’ll check out Istanbul for 2-3 days and then head on towards the city of Hopa in the far north-east of Turkey, with a sleepover somewhere along the way."
"In the baby basket."
"ugh ugh ugh"
"When we finally got home at about 3:40, I took a quick shower to get rid of the concert grime, then collapsed in bed. I slept until past 3:00 this afternoon, and I still feel tired! But it was a very good time had by all last night. :-)"
"Other times I get responses that are vague such as “get in better shape” or “get faster” which of course need some delving into. These general goals don’t provide much direction. After all, if you improve by 1 second in a 5k you are faster right? If you can run 1 minute longer than you ever have before you are in better shape. But is that what is really wanted? Doubtful."
"“I was there for you when you needed me. I was there for you when you were afraid. I was there for you when you were crying and depressed. But, when I needed you, you could not be bothered.”"
"Lovage - To Catch a Thief"
"Will the overseas Universities who deemed Malaysia’s Bar Council and Judiciary based LEGAL JUNTA ‘legal professional graduates’, withdraw all the degrees of these mindlessly pro-establishment seat warmers that refuse to amend laws, to give the people of Malaysia a proper stand against the oppressive apartheid government and these colluding NGOs registered with the biased ROS? These groups are not doing their jobs at all."
"Let me paint a picture for you. My uncle died in 19…98 I think. Since then my aunt had a nervous breakdown and became a recluse. She lost her job and draws disability so she never has to leave and in fact doesn’t go outside for weeks at a time. Since 1998 she has kept every single piece of mail, grocery bags, etc. I walk in and the only open spaces are pathways to the bedrooms and bathroom. Junk is piled up about five foot high in the air."
"My great weakness in trying to write about beer is describing the flavors. I just don't have the descriptive facility that some reviewers have, and I really have no idea how to describe these beers, except to say that they both taste similar to one another, which makes it puzzling why they'd be released at the same time."
"Slice the loaf open lengthwise and lay it flat on a baking sheet. Fill the center with half of the dip mixture, (or all of it if you halved the recipe.) Sprinkle the reserved cheese on top. Wrap the exposed edges of the bread in foil so they don't burn."
"We decided to put a wall of bookshelves in my office, so it would sort of feel like a library. We already had two white Billy bookshelves from IKEA, so we bought two more for $50 each, and then eight $10 extender shelves, so that the shelves would go up really high. I wish we could have gone all the way up to the ceiling for the true 'built-in' look, but the rafters in our loft made it tricky."
"But what hath Murdoch wrought on Barron's?"
"Hobby-video games, playing sports"
"I saw a woman one time crossing with her FIVE kids right in the middle of that big roundabout she almost got her whole family killed"
"No! Really?"
"My mum is back down and during her visit with my brother she discovered the physical abuse my brother was going through. Such as my dad hitting him for no reason and scaring the shit out of him when he was a child. I remember always being intimidated by my dad and so was my brother."
"While Emilíana says she hasn’t technically disowned her early albums, don’t expect a reissue any time…well, ever. “They don’t mean anything or say anything about me anymore,” she says. “In my world, I was just in a box, singing, and discovering something mind-blowing. It is what it is, but they are nothing to really hoo-ha about, you know? Afterwards people just wanted me to use that power voice all the time, and I just really wasn’t that into it. It was all so theatrical, total Queen! I should have been a transvestite.”"
"quilters safety pins"
"The three horsemen of the apocalypse, War, Famine and Pestilence, are brilliant characters. War is big and gruff, Famine can’t stop eating, and Pestilence is wracked with diseases and all manner of ailments. Their personalities are so unique and distinct, each funny in their own way. By the end I adored all of them, even Famine who at first I was a little sceptical of."
"October 18th, 2011"
"What else is left, though, what remains in our genuine smile at the cub, is the nervous realization that there have been other moments in the history of capital in which one passed quickly from smirking afar at the goings-on to becoming that desperate subject struggling to go on or get by. (Therein the utter importance of a certain trajectory of horror literature in relation to thinking the history of human misery: not because it depicts things bestial or debased, retrograde or inhuman, infernal or machinic, but because - and think here of Cornell Woolrich's Nightmare Alley and its mouth full of hot chicken blood or Ballard's tales of those who are dimly aware, like the psychiatrist who has been reduced to a doddering imbecilic pseudo-father by the woman he tried to \"cure\" - of having once been the one who laughed at those in such a condition. Because those tied to and broken on fortune's wheel remember damn well what it was like to look at the poor bastards mangled below.)"
"1 refrigeration"
"Hold audience with an elephant"
"Programs Equipment/Supplies Runner for Megan"
"How didn't I know this? I had read everything on falling pregnant that there was. Yet I'd never read or heard this before! Why don't women talk about this? Is it because it's too sad, too personal?"
"\"If you had been honest from the outset, Mr McBride, then you would not be in this mess now. The case would have been long forgotten,\" the magistrate said in closing."
"I took a photo and sent it to my friends. I texted how outraged I was, and that not even *AARP (which likes to offer early memberships to people 40+) has approached me yet."
"I'm sure I'll be writing about aspects of the trip for ages (partly here) but for now we can maybe answer the most popular question (\"so what were your favourite places/highlights?\" - I can't tell you how many times we've been asked that!). OK - here goes:"
"3. Whiskey And Gin (Livin' Blues) 2:03"
"The old man said, “I thought it was GAS – but I was wrong, too!”"
"3/5 ounces bittersweet chocolate (or whatever type of chocolate makes you happy, just use high quality), finely chopped"
"Argan Oil from North Africa, Argan Oil helps restore strength to the hair and protects it from external aggressors."
"This song is played as an anti-work song, even played, I understand as a taunt by conservative pundits against unions and others they consider to be lazy. But the song is not celebrating sloth. Look at the third line. Not only does he not want to work, he does not want to play either! He only wants to practice his art, which happens to be playing the drum."
"They were exactly like how i remembered- except so much uglier (typical!!). Steve polished off the entire container of Suji biscuits by himself!! They are just simply irresistable!!"
"BLITZER: All right. We’re going to move on."
"When the alarm roused me a second time, I got up, showered, made a most necessary pot of coffee, and went through my morning routine. I cut a few corners, and didn't get to sit and savor my two cups of coffee as long as I have during the past few weeks, but hey, the extra sleep was worth it."
"we’re ready to have fun"
"As I sit sombrely unnoticed on the curb"
"Dr. Kamal Al-Hilbawi: I condemn the targeting of any civilian, but incidentally, I believe that every Israeli civilian is a future soldier."
"That we may find the life we need."
"But having had a wee look around the various social network sites there's actually a decent story to learn about the band. It's easier to lift direct from wiki:-"
"02 The Ring"
"Soooo, I took the afternoon off today just 'cause and decided I wanted a light, fluffy, girl movie. So went to see Confessions of a Shopaholic in part because I loves me some Isla Fisher."
"-Follow me on Networked Blogs (2 additional entries-leave 2 comments)"
"But first we had to visit another iconic US concept – the mall. The US managed to perfect and export consumerism as exemplified in the mall. But now others have taken the idea and run with it – so an Australian company seems to own half the malls around the world. We stopped in at a major mall on the outskirts of San Francisco with one goal in mind – the Lego store. An entire shop devoted to Lego is, without doubt, a thing of true beauty. And the Lego shop sits opposite the Apple store, so I got to look at toys too. The boys came away with a deeper appreciation of the Lego range and a kit each (I did not come away with anything Apple). But that was far from the whole geeky Lego experience for the day."
"Race time was approaching and I edged my way up toward the front of the corral, the race began and I had to manoeuvre my way out of the crowd. It took a bit of a sprint to do so, but it was worth the effort, especially since by the time I was able to separate a bit the route was on the sidewalk over the bridge."
"In keeping with the journal's new regime for book reviews (click here for details), JIPLP is offering below a selection of further titles for review, as well as re-offering three titles that have not yet been claimed by prospective reviewers."
"I was blown away by The Dark Knight, it took me completely off guard. I was not expecting as great of a film as it turned out to be. So The Dark Knight Rises has a difficult task of beating out that incredible sequel. The problem I have is that they aren’t giving me enough to get excited off of other than it is a sequel to The Dark Knight. The trailers didn’t impress me and the pictures released had the same effect. I am really worried by what is taking place here. Primarily because Catwoman is in this movie and I despise Catwoman. I hate her character. I find her annoying and bothersome. Also that shot in the trailer with the exploding football field was so stupid. That guy really didn’t feel the explosion. It just didn’t fit in this world Christopher Nolan has created because the scene played as a joke by having the man run for a touchdown and after succeeding notice the stadium was destroyed. I do however, love the look of Bane. Tom Hardy is a fine actor so I know he will perform with this role. There is no way he will be able to beat out Heath Ledger’s terrific take on The Joker but he will still be good. I am placing my trust in Nolan’s hands to pull this off. It won’t be as great as The Dark Knight but it will still be a good movie."
"November: Jacno, Al Alberts"
"But it’s hard to be still. My children embody (and create) this difficulty for me. We have a green and yellow painted table where Penny and William are supposed to eat breakfast. They sit in their little chairs for all of three minutes, and then one of them pops up. “I need to give you a hug,” Penny says. Or William, carefully carrying his cereal bowl, announces, “I would like to eat on the floor.” Or they want to open the microwave or feed Marilee a spoonful of baby food or run into the playroom “just for a minute.” They aren’t being intentionally disobedient. They get distracted. It’s hard to be still."
"I’ve been doing a lot of posts lately on delicious and healthful foods. Have you noticed my affinity for lentils this month? I’m either using up the beans in my kitchen or cleaning through my pantry or both."
"‘You can’t just defend everything by just saying, “oh, it’s the playoffs.” That’s a mindset I don’t buy into or understand,’ said Vancouver Canucks captain Henrik Sedin, whose brother Daniel is out with a concussion courtesy of yet another elbow. ‘How do I put this? In the playoffs, if you do something and you get punished, you are really going to hurt your team. In the regular season, if you do something and you get punished, the way players are punished, I don’t really think it’s going to hurt your team. I think if you show no respect for your opponents, then at least you’re going to have a lot of respect for your teammates, and you don’t want to hurt them.’"
"Nice thing about working at the hardware store is that I have no emotional investment in the enterprise. As my old dad once said, when they lose their power to fire you, work is kind of fun."
"And I miss her."
"whoever eats this bread will live forever.”"
"It is true in some peoples’ world, in one way or another. Someone might have a loved one called Oscar, maybe someone will. I don’t know really, but I am not going to discuss any loved Oscar but one… The Oscar you get at the Academy Awards, it is a loved one and honorable to win. I have never liked to follow this circus, it has to do with two facts and those are easy. It is always night where I live when it is held and I have never been interested in any event like these, awards basically. But just the other day I thought about it and realized that how many times haven’t you been standing there trying to decide which film you should watch. ‘Let see, well this one has good actors and it doesn’t seem to bad, but on the other hand this one has good actors and have been nominated for x Oscars (and won x Oscars.)’ Every time that is the case with me I tend to end up with the one with Oscars because most of the time that is a film in my taste even though I might like the other film just as much."
"Besides Bowie, his longest association was with Ian Hunter of Mott The Hoople fame, and he made substantial contributions to hits by Lou Reed and John Mellencamp"
"with Healthcare Services"
"A mild-mannered young gentleman just left my house; he was here installing my internet. He had a 786 cell phone number (Miami), and a thick latin accent. So I thought: maybe he's from Cuba? Turns out he is, and after a bit I ask him if he is an interesting story of how he got here. Well."
"Key to protecting our independence from our employers will be our consistent and militant rejection of the implementation of Coalition cuts, including when this is done by Labour Councils. Councillors have to live with how they feel about engaging constructively on some issues with union reps who will denounce them and seek to defeat them on other issues. It's their job."
"6) I am frightened by flushing a toilet in the middle of the night"
"‘Yeah I bit into my burger and I suddenly had a very strong memory of being stood up for a date when I was sixteen by a girl who ended up with my best friend and broke my heart. I would have come and complained sooner but I’ve only just stopped crying.’"
"I adapted the recipe straight from the Cuisinart instruction booklet! They had a plain lemon sorbet, but I love anything ginger so I infused some ginger into the simple syrup mixture. Next time, I would infuse more ginger for a longer period of time to give it more ginger flavor (I love love ginger)"
"Highlight these names, mention them in your blog posts. These people have the power to change things and they should know it. Their Google Alerts on their names will be crammed with our anger."
"Jakob Andreasen, Chief Engineer"
"Part three"
"This squirrel has already changed fur for the winter, the reddish brown is only left in the legs. He was sitting in our oak tree, apparently resting, and I thought he was just like me with my second cup of tea and newspaper, when I sit at the breakfast table alone after the men have gone to their duties: my nose drops closer and closer to the paper as I'm almost falling asleep again."
"WE DECLARE that, with effect from the moment of the termination of the Mandate being tonight, the eve of Sabbath, the 6th Iyar, 5708 (15th May, 1948), until the establishment of the elected, regular authorities of the State in accordance with the Constitution which shall be adopted by the Elected Constituent Assembly not later than the 1st October 1948, the People's Council shall act as a Provisional Council of State, and its executive organ, the People's Administration, shall be the Provisional Government of the Jewish State, to be called \"Israel\"."
"CBTI involves meeting with a psychologist trained in the method. It is a short-term (6-10 sessions) treatment approach that includes monitoring sleep patterns, changing sleep-related behaviors, managing the sleep environment and learning strategies to cope effectively with thoughts or worries that interfere with sleep. People who engage in CBTI report high satisfaction with the method and significant improvements in sleep."
"I was the child who waited because I had one too many labels, made one too many mistakes, and was viewed as unlikely to succeed."
"It's a reminder that the first job of every ad is to not be ignored. People are not reading the paper or magazine for the witty and informative commercial content, they instinctively ignore it. A print ad needs to get it's whole point across in a nanosecond to someone who isn't looking OR it needs to be interesting enough stop someone. The are of course lots of ways to do this - more on that another time. For now it's just about perspective. And stop staring at your layout - no-one else is."
"With his finger tips."
"around the things of the morning –"
"Optimizing for handsets can be tricky if your designs currently use all of a large screen to deliver content. It’s worth the effort, though, because Ice Cream Sandwich brings the Honeycomb APIs to handsets and you’ll significantly increase the user-base for your app. Using a single APK for all devices also simplifies your updating and publishing process and makes it easier for users to identify your app."
"Currently, an applicant may request an interview prior to a first action. Granting of an interview is within the discretion of the examiner who has not yet reviewed the case, and the applicant may be required to identify relevant documents and explain how the invention is patentable over these documents."
"Divergent is one of those books that makes you think. You read it, put it down and pick it up again. The good news is that the second book in the series is called INSURGENT and that it is out soonish, but that is all we know right now. *bites knuckles* Am looking forward to reading the second book very soon indeed."
"transition to the next era after the General Election."
"8:00 – Everybody Was in the French Resistance…Now! @ Union Hall $15 (21+)"
"I don’t even remember how much I spent, but I’m looking forward to the next FF sale!! =P"
"So he again curses, punar mūṣiko bhava: “Again you become mouse. Again you become mouse.”"
"I might publish the actual entries that I wrote as I counted down to what I believed then was my impending doom. I had read up enough on the thing to know that I had a three-month window between a hideous death and the possibility of a reprieve."
"A friend of mine was telling me how bummed she was feeling and the spring couldn't come fast enough for her."
"Fellow Humans of planet Terra, the moment is arrived."
"Take small pieces of dough, about the size of a large teaspoon, shape into rounds or balls and place on the baking sheet. Allow a little room for spreading. Flatten slightly."
"Sometimes I show them a series of different covers and ask which they would read. The responses are unambiguously for or against. I then reveal that the covers all belong to different editions of my book Jessica Haggerthwaite: Witch Dispatcher. Huge surprise! How can the same story be presented in such different ways?"
"Currently gas is $3.66 a gallon. Everytime I fill my tank up I feel as if I am selling my soul. My head hurts, things start to go dark, and just when I feel like it is the 'end' the nozzle makes that loud CLICK, I hold my breath and slowly open my eyes expecting to see the fiery gates of hell but instead see 'TOTAL $43.76'. After reading the total it is usually followed by some gasping, groaning, and muttering curse words under my breath. Once I get back into my car I slump down in the drivers seat and conjure up ideas on how to get myself and Kam from Tremonton to Logan on a pedal bike. Since that is highly unreasonable (although I know everyone that reads this is picturing me pedaling my butt 27 miles one way with a happy-go-lucky 3 year old on the handlebars holding my purse...) I have found some other ways to save money. Well I guess just one way. One really big, really awesome way to save money....COUPONS!"
"We have some more grains coming in hopefully before the end of the week so we'll be brewing our next batch of American Amber Ale soon along with the introduction of a new potential brewer!"
"Hey, I never considered myself a Don Juan but in simple terms, if that car could talk many of the stories associated with those activities would be rated “NC-17.” Since I need to cover all the bases and I will not make any further comment about it but I have researched the issue and the statue of limitations has run out on anything else that might have happened during that time."
"P, and everybody else here, to you I appologize if this seems personal. I’ve known halforphan56 for quite awhile. Eldestbirthsibling and her 2 sisters have been trying to ruin halforphan56 in every way possible for over 30 years for some totally fabricated and imaginary slight to their family honor. 30 YEARS for crying out loud. I read the book and found nothing in it that doesn’t happen in many families, but because they want their family to seem like it’s perfect, they take offense. All 3 sisters have blogs which do nothing but try to destroy their own sister for the capital crime of trying to tell about her life. One of them actually has 3 blogs going, and all 3 are filled with HATE!"
"Another day of the I'm Hearing Voices Blogfest. Today our task is to introduce two of our characters using strictly dialogue. I'm featuring the character Bulsara again. But while his interview on Monday would have been accurate before the events of the story I am writing, this bit of dialogue would take place after. Let me know what you think. Without further ado..."
"Get to know Larry Lee"
"Should you consider or reconsider organizing your brand, planning your posts and figuring out the best keywords, the best audiences to push to, the best ways to build and develop your message so it can be seen online?"
"We got a wonderful buy on some frozen haddock fillets last week and I turned to one of my very favorite fish recipes, Fish Fillets with Spinach (or Broccoli). I've been making this recipe for years and it is very quick and easy. Basically, you cook frozen chopped spinach or broccoli, place in the bottom of a baking dish, sprinkle with lemon juice, then put uncooked fish fillets on top, sprinkle with salt, and cover with a cheese sauce, and bake 20 to 30 minutes until the fish is done. You can sprinkle some grated parmesan on in the last 5 minutes if you like. Here is the link to the recipe: Cheesy Fish Fillets with Spinach. I made this with broccoli one day when I was out of chopped spinach. Some of our family members like the recipe even better with the broccoli than with the original spinach."
"MS: Wayne Balmer wrote the score."
"618 D-X/23/1971. “Attica, Hiroshima & Nagasaki: On the Responsible Use of Superior Power.” Parents’ Weekend Program, Rosary College, River Forest, Illinois. See Item D-VII/7/1991, below."
"Members at New Life Church are not quick to question God’s authority, said one young worshiper. So when a gunman dawns on the church campus and causes the death of two teenage sisters before being shot down by a church security guard, the church isn’t angry or in despair and asking God “why?”"
"While the \"not so tropical\" part was intentional, in the course of baking this recipe I had an unintended crumble fail. In the end, my dessert didn't bear a very close resemblance to the way I imagine this recipe was supposed to turn out."
"holds on her lap an enormous hoop;"
"* Easily stores in gas or glove compartment"
"Too many humans .Well you see to promote a movie you need a star ,and Hollywood Producers care less about story ,and more about selling the movie ,and hence screen time for a star . Why Shia LaBeouf as the star , ask Steven Spielberg ,it was his choice not Bay’s"
"2012 is going to be a busy year for me. I’m also currently working on my own projects and building my production company up – (cravenproductions.co.uk). I am also working with other producers on their projects. I’m lined up for three features in 2012 which I am looking forward to. I also plan to go back to Los Angeles for film/TV auditions and workshops."
"Don’t get me wrong, I love learning. I have chosen to go into biology and that has really been the only light at the end of this long, dreary tunnel called school. The pompous teachers, the group projects, the mandatory extra credit assignments, the insane amount of money I have to fork over….who needs this, really?"
"Shaun @CoffeE8 (and Sue)"
"That's when I decided I would focus on TEEN GIRLS."
"If we spent all this time/money hydrogenating… what are the advantages? The fats become less vulnerable to rancidification with fewer double bonds, and therefore are more stable and can last longer on shelves. They also don’t need to be refrigerated (see Crisco). The trans fatty acids also lay flatter and so are more often solid at room temperature (whether this is an advantage or not is up to you)."
"And there you have it. I’ll keep my eye out for further treasures, and in the meantime, if any of you happen to come across any of my missing sketchbooks please let me know, or at the very least scan the good stuff and send me a copy."
"I haven’t been a good blogger this week. It’s Wednesday, and my planned Sunday evening post about planting still isn’t done."
"NATURAL BEEKEEPING WORKSHOP FOR BEGINNERS"
"I have a small amount of shirts left and I want to sell them! Every penny you pay for the shirts go toward helping us bring our daughter Harper home!"
"I'm not patient with them or their thorns (giggle)"
"Add OJ concentrate, and vanilla"
"To me, they are YOUR one special day of the entire year."
"CWF have an interest in exaggerating the danger, of course, but if true it’s a terrible shame that a type of beer with such a long history should be on the verge of extinction. If it came from America and cost £6 a third in the Rake, beer geeks would be all over it. I have drunk a few very strong and under-attenuated imperial stouts which reminded me of Mather’s more than anything else."
"A little vegetable oil"
"\"As affirmed in the Doha Declaration on TRIPS and Public Health, the United States respects a trading partner’s right to protect public health and, in particular, to promote access to medicines for all, and supports the vital role of the patent system in promoting the development and creation of new and innovative lifesaving medicines.\""
"And what I see most often is a purposeful acceptance of ignorance that flows as mightily as the Mississippi. Sure, there’s some up North too, but Yankee know-nothings are more frequently confronted with the manifestations of their ignorance. It’s more difficult to degrade a person or a group of persons when you have to interact with them on a basic level everyday. It’s difficult to assume that all Arab-looking people are terrorists when one has invited you to his family’s home to celebrate a special occasion. It’s more difficult to conclude that all Spanish-speaking people are “Mexican” when you work with a gang of Guatemalans."
"“When you do nothing, you feel overwhelmed and powerless. But when you get involved, you feel the sense of hope and accomplishment that comes from knowing you are working to make things better.\""
"William Ward Haynes, 35, Rye, N.Y."
"Handful of chopped parsley"
"Blogger is back, yet I write, wondering, if what I write, will be here tomorrow. I am looking forward to catching up with my blogging friends, but will my comments still be with them tomorrow?"
"I did some searching for the lego building plates and I am so happy I did some searching because Amazon had them but they were over $7.00 each. I found them on lego.com for 4.99 which was a much better price but they couldn't do express shipping because they were having a site issue so I kept looking and imagine my surprise that I found them on Barnes & Noble's site. They were only $4.95 AND if I signed up for the free 2 month membership I got the express shipping for free which saved me over $15.00."
"The Grid"
"Caring for Jesse Cole's would-be bride is the least Seth can do. If it weren't for him, the young man would still be alive. Seth had promised to look after Rebecca—and to keep her safe from Jesse's enemies. Now if only he can keep his heart safe, as well…."
"Our presenters will be speaking about their experiences creating radical spaces for education of children. Various examples of “free schools” and “autonomous schools” will be presented, as well as examples of home-schooling. Our presenters collectively have many years of experience with seeing children grow and thrive in spaces that encourage and value true freedom and independence."
"I have noticed that there are times where I am going around thinking $x is the right amount to pay for something, and then I find out that everyone else considers even $2x to be totally cheapo. Haircuts can be like this: I think of myself as paying kind of a lot for a haircut, not a ton but not cheapo either, but it happens repeatedly that I will hear someone say \"I'm never going to get around to going to my usual place, so I'm just going to get a cheapo $2x cut and hope for the best\"---where $x is what I pay for a haircut. That kind of thing."
"Yes, Amy is right. Rice Pudding takes patience. But the reward is mighty, my friend. Mighty."
"\"You know what? They say there's a river near Siem Reap where we can see carvings made by monks in the riverbed more than a thousand years ago,\" he told me, his eyes widening as if he can't believe what he himself just said."
"- No historical stuff? Mmm… I don´t know. I´m kind of burned. I have been painting Napoleonics and some Ancients stuff for a while now, so I´ll just wait for the perfect moment before starting any of those DBA armies I recently bought in plastic."
"1 tbsp all-purpose seasoning."
"One significant event was discovering the perfect science project for Brendan. I knew Brendan was interested in the environment and earth sciences (the first book centers on his budding interest in geology). I found a great website for students looking for projects for science fairs. On the site, I answered all the questions as if I were Brendan, and they provided me with a list of projects suited just for him!"
"I was hoping the love conversation was behind us, but he turned to me first thing and said that he loved me. That he’d told me he’d say it sober, and now he was saying it. He loves me and wants me to be his girlfriend. He’s so in love with me."
"In other news, neighbor helped me out of a pinch by making me a deal on some wheat for feed. He said that I had done favors for him and he would like to help me. That was very nice of him."
"What he wants to be when he grows up: Power Ranger Samuri"
"3. Start A Band (Duet With Keith Urban)"
"“Can you feel?” I ask. “Can you smell?”"
"Travel along the Old Trace hit it’s peak around 1810 when as the US was growing west, men would travel down the Mississippi River in the late 18th & early 19th centuries and would sell their wares, and took what money they could get for the lumber in their boats. The river’s swift waters made traveling upriver nearly impossible so the men would walk back home northward on the Trace. They would stay at the Inns along the way. Archeologists believe that 12 to 16 slave cabins once stood on the property, with four to five people occupying each dwelling. On the west side of the property, a cemetery holds the remains of 43 enslaved workers. A single headstone marks the area. We weren’t able to meet him, but apparently one of the Interpretive Rangers is a member of the family who built and lived here for so many years. Talk about having a connection to where you work! It’s amazing the contrast when you compare the above with what the family cemetery looks like. We’ve come so far away from the days of slavery that, I admit, I sometimes forget how different they were treated. Visiting the Natchez area really reminded me though."
"Dustin Johnston: The 5-time PGA Tour winner and 12th-ranked player in the world will miss the Masters because of a back injury:"
"Helping to make breakfast/brunch just the way you like it."
"Gallo had been dining that night with his wife and with his bodyguard, Peter “the Greek” Diapoula. They managed to flip over the table and use it as a shield. But when Gallo made a run for the door, a bullet pierced his back and cut his carotid artery. He stumbled out the door and collapsed on the street."
"As I explained in a previous post, I didn't have much choice. I'd allowed him to assume that I'd work very late finishes followed by very early starts. My fault really, but the occasional overnight turned into more than a few. And he's not the type with whom I can logically explain my reasoning. Upon receiving a booking, he'll look to fill the driver slot with the least work possible on his behalf. Until now, that meant calling me."
"Recording and mastering is credited on the back cover to Columbia. But pressing is credited on the label to \"Record Service\"."
"The antecedent single-player adventitious is the capital block of the game, and it’s the best allotment of the game, as well. But there are added modes. There’s a two-player Mario adjoin Luigi approach that puts you up adjoin accession amateur in a abbreviate affiliated that wraps around. Big stars arise in the world, and you advance to aggregate added than the added guy. If you can hit your adversary with fireballs, jump on his head, and so on, he’ll bead stars. It’s a fun little diversion. Also, the bold has a blend of touch-screen minigames, just like the ones actuate in the DS accommodate of Air-conditioned Mario 64. Some of these amateur are OK, but for the a lot of part, they’re a little tired."
"Today I'm using it on this beautiful snowy stamp. It's Christmas in July, and right now I wouldn't mind a bit of the white stuff to cool down the summer heat!"
"Later still in the middle of the 4th century the central core was substantially altered, the corridor being split in two mid-way along its length by the construction of an elaborate triclinium or dining room, apsidal in shape, and featuring a stunning mosaic floor. By this time, the zenith of the villa’s history, the building, now at the heart of a large farming estate, boasted three heated rooms, a kitchen, a basement ‘deep-room’, a house-church, a verandah’d main entrance, two further rooms in the south wing, the dining room and audience chamber for entertaining and an extensive bath suite comprising an apodyterium (changing room), a frigidarium (cold room), a tepidarium (warm room), a caldarium (hot room) with hot plunge bath, and a laconicum (hot dry room). Heat for the bath suite came from the praefurnium, or furnace, with its own fuel store. Surrounding the main villa complex were outbuildings: a large granary, kitchen block, possibly a tannery, an outbuilding to the south of unknown purpose and, to the west, a shrine and mausoleum."
"The list of remedies goes on and on. All are latin names, so they are fairly unfamiliar and hard to pronounce – but there are easy cross references to help you match the symptom specifics to the right remedy. Best of all, the single remedies cost $6.99"
"This was the longest run of Tim's life - and it happened to be on a trail. I could absolutely not be any prouder of him. I have to admit, I'm pretty loved up now. Smitten. Here are some reasons you can tell you're in love on a trail run:"
"Vampire Academy by Richelle Mead"
"I like being the girl of the pair!"
"U. S. General Accounting Office. (August 1994). Environmental Cleanup–Better Data Needed for Radioactivity Contaminated Defense Sites. GAO/NSIAD-94-168. U.S. GAO, Washington, D.C."
"i haven't been able to do a lot of hiking since having children. Having to carry them made hiking much more difficult, and then when they could finally walk their little legs would get tired quickly. So i'm really enjoying being able to really get back into the woods again and really explore some of the nature trails around us."
"The 31 year-old, I’ll call her Debbie, told a story about having to go to dinner with a good friend from college so she could meet his fiance. There was a tone of “just another occasion to remind me that I’m still single” to how she told the story. I have definitely been there. I had a serious case of sour grapes when my college roommate got married in 1997. I probably could have lightened up if I had known that I had more than 10 years to still be single myself. I would have been able to pace myself."
"5. Stolen anything? - Like blog post ideas? As in this one?"
"Peter Murphy"
"In the 24 months since the first Android device became available locally, Korea has quickly become one of the top countries in Android device activations. In parallel, we’ve also seen tremendous growth in app downloads from Android Market. Korea is now the second-largest consumer of apps worldwide. Today we are adding to this momentum by bringing games to Android Market in Korea."
"God it was good. It's about secrets, and purpose; losing, finding, hiding, revealing. It's beautifully realised: the colours, the sounds, even the way the characters move contribute to the story. As I sat and watched I was a child again, transported to a more colourful world for a couple of hours. I cried, I laughed, I gasped."
"So, go out and vote Welch? The other guys either aren't trying, or are kind of obnoxious."
"As well as meeting members of the London Salon, I was able to meet some of the other medal winners, whose images I regularly see in exhibitions but who I rarely get to meet in person. So here are some of the other medal winning images of photographers I met at the presentation, which the authors have kindly given me permission to show."
"Quite interested in conversations about knee and hip replacements - Murray."
"The Career & Technical Education graduates 58% of its participating students."
"Pour over the vegetable stock to cover the potato and onions, then put into an oven at gas mark 6 until the potatoes are cooked through and the top is layer is crispy (about 50 minutes)."
"After some research, these are some of the insect predictions:"
"Tuesday, January 16th–There was an ice storm. I watched “Henri Langlois: Phantom of the Cinematheque.”"
"But seriously, isn’t that a little strange? It’s possible Wong had the meth with him all along, even though he had been “processed” by the feds (we see how well their processing, uh, process works out). On the other hand…what if this was in fact some kind of sinister John Dies at the End-meets-1984-esque experiment of some kind? (Spooky that the poor kid’s name is even D. Wong.)"
"The little girl called her grandmother later that day on the phone and asked her the same question, “Grandma, why do cut the ends off of the ham before you cook it?” The little girl’s grandmother responded, “Oh, sweetie, I’m not really sure. I think it is so the juices will be absorbed better. Call your Nana. She is who I learned it from.”"
"Yup, he grew about two inches in just a few short months. People have always told me that boys will eat you out of house and home, but I never guessed it would start this early. I can honestly say that with all of Lewie's growth spurts, he's been eating larger portions than I do...and even then, he still has his nose in the refridgerator looking for food."
"77. Cf. Antony and Cleopatra, II. ii., l. 190."
"The other one's are Run Forest Run! and Hip Queens Wear Blue Jeans."
"Patterned Paper: My Minds Eye (On the Bright Side - Two)"
"depressed."
"And just keep remembering how good you’re gonna feel when you’ve done it and it’s off your To Do List for good."
"Posted by Patrick & Amanda at 1:27 AM 1 comments"
"…is that, it is a phony deadline. It is but a joke (I don’t really want to go but I should);"
"- Golden pieces"
"There’s a longer piece on page 4 which discusses the politics of class war under the subheading ‘Angry and Proud and which notes that it is a ‘working class revolutionary organisation’. It states:"
"As for the other, unflattering common name, stinking Benjamin(!), the flower evidently has a fowl odor that attracts flies as pollinators. Red trillium has been used as an herbal medicine. It is reported to have antiseptic and astringent qualities and was used for the treatment of illnesses as far-reaching as gangrene, bleeding, and snakebites."
"The colony on Venus was not built because the destruction of Earth was possible, but because it was inevitable…"
"As a naturally gregarious person, my contradiction is that I’ve always craved solitude, real alone time which many don’t understand, and think of it as antisocial, I prefer to think of it as simply switching of to be alone with myself."
"Bludsworth’s testimony in Herron’s trial showed Herron was his direct supervisor and Bludsworth took orders from him. In the testimony, Bludsworth also stated that he felt his job was in jeopardy from remarks made by Herron and “there ain’t but one way in the town of New Brockton and that’s the mayor’s way.”"
"Overall rating 2.91 out of 5"
"Cape gooseberries are pretty fun, because they’re hidden little gems. Each one is wrapped in a thin papery husk…"
"you when my pday is. pass this email along and tell everyone I love them"
"Oh an I must add that the soundtrack from this film is written and sung by the frontman of the \"Arctic Monkeys.\" Hopefully this will give him a head start in the world of solo."
"The eating out highlight of our trip happened when we took a day trip to Madison. The Green Owl Cafe is the only vegetarian, vegan and raw food restaurant in town, but even if it wasn't the only all-veggie choice you'd still find me there every chance I get. We pre-stalked the menu before arriving so we knew exactly what we wanted: the bbq jackfruit sandwiches with a side of kale crisps."
"- I know your longing"
"“Dad, we have the t.v. on and computer and are watching the doppler, we’re going, I’ll call you when it is all over k?"
"Wye hops have recently developed two new varieties: Endeavor which has a Cascade like flavour and Aramis which is grown in France. Some older varieties which were previously rejected are also being looked at again to see if they are suitable for modern tastes."
"The next picture is the other chemistry event, Food Science. To prepare for it you need to do a lot of really bad baking to see how altering muffin recipes alters outcomes. You also need a good knowledge of nutrition, which we found out we have not spent enough time on yet. We have 5 more weeks to be ready..."
"Other conditions must be present for good fall color, including good rainfall in the summer and early fall. This allows for excellent sugar production and increases the red and purple colors of fall foliage. Good sunlight and cool nights can help the increase of yellows and oranges, but daylight length is number one in the production of this wonderful show that Mother Nature puts on every fall."
"Blyleven, let's be honest, has been a bane to Morris supporters for years. When Morris first came on the ballot in 2000, Morris fans simply took it for granted that he was a better pitcher than Blyleven. Come on: That wasn't even worth talking about. It was no contest. Jack Morris was, well, he was JACK MORRIS, ace, warrior, Ruler of the Mound, Patron Saint of Game 7, Pitcher To The Score. And Bert Blyleven was, eh, he was Bert Blyleven. Morris popped on the ballot and got more than 22% of the vote right off the bat. Blyleven, who had been on the ballot for two years already, received fewer than 18%."
"I drizzled it all with a simple dressing of olive oil, white wine vinegar, a little honey and some Dijon mustard."
"#3 Dynamic Stabilization"
"Let’s hope that the Diversity fetish in the services quickly dies under the weight of its own internal contradictions, and is again replaced with a culture where individuals are judged on their own merits, not on what good they provide a command’s Diversity reports."
"Bubba: Yeah. I suspected."
"-Ponder. Likes the Three Amigos."
"Shimmermoss eyeshadow (MAC)"
"6. Clampdown- The Clash (1979)"
"“Back in my day…”"
"*According to standard US dietary guidelines, I eat weirdly. In my mind, I eat like I should eat. So, there's that. :/"
"I reflected today,"
"If you're chosen as a Guest Designer for Memorable Seasons"
"So to start I'm going with a bit of 'selective colouring' or colour popping (I think some people call it that) I use mostly open source software, so for this tutorial I'm using The Gnu Image Manipulation Program (or GIMP for short, I know) and I'm using the latest version (2.8) which amongst other improvements now has a single window mode, which is very good."
"You will find your way"
"Yes, I know the picture above really has nothing to do with the post I’ve written today. It’s what I imagine Todd and I would have looked like if we had met as babies. (Translation…I couldn’t find anything that really fit so I opted for cute. Cute will win out every time!)"
"... of course, now comes the editing and polishing of the rewrites, but I'm giving myself a week off first. I am super happy with the way things worked out: I definitely need to sand off the rough edges, but this is much closer to the original book I had in mind in terms of themes, worldbuilding, and voice. It is also much longer, which I knew it would be, but I'm still going to chop off as much as possible."
"...which you slide into the slots around the rabbit form. Then the cake bakes, upside down. After baking, you can slide out the poles and separate the halves to reveal a solid rabbit. This will be perfect for Easter!"
"So why are we paying only 59.99$ retail? As development costs sky rocket seemingly with no end in sight, how can we expect to pay less to game then most past generations did?"
"When we walked in, we were asked if we could wait for another salesperson. We said yes because we had time, and plenty of ideas to consider. While we waiting, someone said something to the effect of \"We're so busy now, right after Christmas! It's like a lightswitch being flipped! What recession?\""
"\"Where did you come from?\" the mice asked him. \"And what do you know?\" They were most inquisitive creatures."
"Brooks® Sports, Inc. is a leading company that manufactures high-quality running shoes and other sports apparel and sports accessories worldwide. Brooks has established their respectable reputation by providing the best quality performance shoes and apparel for sports enthusiasts. Their products have been well-recognized as the best choice for runners of all levels. In fact, they’ve been very popular in providing the best motion control running shoes in the market."
"She was a young woman who knew who she was, knew what she was capable of. And she was making him look like a child without him knowing it."
"My husband reached into his pocket, pulled out his wallet and paid for our coffees with a crisp $10.00 bill."
"Him: \"Wow, I just re-filled his bottle a few hours ago\""
"in the presence of her gentle rest"
"“You know, May the fourth. Can we leave a little early for school?”"
"I love visiting my friend, Jan, at The Bittersweet Cabin (please stop by her facebook page and “like” it – I told her I’d invite all my friends!!!). We always have so much fun catching each other up on junk and laughing, and sharing ideas. I also met a good friend of hers, and was asked to make some things for her daughter’s wedding – I’m so excited!!"
"Our family still all came, lovingly waiting to see if Oldest would be better."
"Late this afternoon, the day after her birthday, the doctors office called to tell me I have a lesion on the upper right side of my breast and they are scheduling an ultrasound."
"* Dr Alexander Vida's article, \"Imitation of Distinctive Signs: Trademark Law and/or Competition Law?\""
"1. Skate as much as possible whether its indoor or outdoor."
"By now, you probably need a good laugh and a reward for getting to the end of this long post. So, check out A Time of the Signs - it's a gem!"
"Last year he got lucky because his mom was with us around Christmas time and a request was shot out from him. Of course, his mom granted his wish and made Lamingtons. I think I had just one piece of it and even though it was super tempting to grab and eat more, I saved it all for him to finish :-)"
"I would not know how it feels to have your name tarnished, should Mendoza be right, but this I am sure: you do not put anyone in danger for your own personal gain."
"God Bless you,"
"Retiring Food Service Director opens up Opportunity for Families to Act"
"This sketch is an experiment with Daniel Smith Extra Fine Watercolor Sticks."
"But wait! There is a catch! You have to move your working yarn to in front of the needle, before you place your needle through the stitch . Have a close look at the pic above."
"Thank You for your time: Noel Vegan Spartacus"
"Europe/Africa Airline: airBaltic BalticMiles"
"Joe Braden just know your brother has a funny, maybe embarrassing when he is older post, coming this way too!"
"Lost in Nordstrom"
"LMP2 class: Sports prototypes with ca. 440 hp and an 825 kg minimum weight."
"1 unrealistic"
"For those who despise Robert Moses - and there are many - the Gowanus Expressway, built under his auspices, could easily be the poster child for the dark side of urban development. Deterioration has only added insult to injury. It does provide a much needed connection between various boroughs and through Brooklyn, but at a very hefty price, particularly aesthetic. The highway as seen from street level is hideous, blocks light, and dominates the avenue. There have been talks and plans over the years of taking the elevated structure down and replacing it with a tunnel, but, to date, nothing has been decided."
"However if you stare at the black \" +\" in the center, the moving dots turns to green."
"IGP.. cam mane nih ?"
"This is shaping up to be what we call (here in missouri) a “hot mess”. This low pressure system is pulling up the right amount of warm moist air from the Gulf of Mexico, mixing it with the cold northern air — producing these severe cells…. it does NOT help that another huge low pressure system is coming ashore on the west coast (oregon/washington) at the same time."
"Quite a bit. I delved back into parapsychology and Cold War research, werewolf lore and legend and the primitive psychological fears humanity still harbors when faced with something different and wolfish. And science. Good heavens, there was some heavy science. Much of this shows up more distinctly in book two of the series, though, since I didn’t want to drown readers in detail—it doesn’t fit with the narrator’s personality."
"Yet this is not just any goulash. This is a trans-national goulash. Using a smoked Spanish paprika, marjoram in the Czech style, but served on polenta like in northern Italy. (Note: the American tradition of tossing in elbow macaroni will never taint a goulash from my kitchen - but anything else goes!)"
"Set almost entirely in London, England during five frantic weeks before Christmas follows a web-like pattern of inter-related, loosely related and unrelated stories of a dozen or more various individuals with their love lives, or lack of them. The central character is the new bachelor prime minister David who cannot express his growing feelings for his new personal assistant Natalie. The prime minister’s older sister Karen slowly grows aware of her husband Harry’s flirtation with an office worker named Mia. Karen’s friend Daniel is a recently widowed writer whose 11-year-old son asks for love advice about a girl he has a crush on. Meanwhile, Jamie is another writer who leaves his girlfriend after catching her cheating on him and travels to France to write a novel where he pursues a possible romance with his non-English speaking Portuguese maid Aurelia. Also, Harry’s American secretary Sarah questions a romance she pursues with the office hunk Karl, but her personal family problems get in the way. Other secondary characters involve a photographer who pursues his best friend’s new wife Juliet; a pair of movie stand-ins, named John and Judy, who grow closer after their simulated love scenes; a libidinous chum who wants to travel to Wisconsin, USA to score with women; and a burned-out former rock star named Billy Mack who is the main connection between all stories involved.Set almost entirely in London, England during five frantic weeks before Christmas follows a web-like pattern of inter-related, loosely related and unrelated stories of a dozen or more various individuals with their love lives, or lack of them. The central character is the new bachelor prime minister David who cannot express his growing feelings for his new personal assistant Natalie. The prime minister’s older sister Karen slowly grows aware of her husband Harry’s flirtation with an office worker named Mia. Karen’s friend Daniel is a recently widowed writer whose 11-year-old son asks for love advice about a girl he has a crush on. Meanwhile, Jamie is another writer who leaves his girlfriend after catching her cheating on him and travels to France to write a novel where he pursues a possible romance with his non-English speaking Portuguese maid Aurelia. Also, Harry’s American secretary Sarah questions a romance she pursues with the office hunk Karl, but her personal family problems get in the way. Other secondary characters involve a photographer who pursues his best friend’s new wife Juliet; a pair of movie stand-ins, named John and Judy, who grow closer after their simulated love scenes; a libidinous chum who wants to travel to Wisconsin, USA to score with women; and a burned-out former rock star named Billy Mack who is the main connection between all stories involved."
"“Two men are enemies,” the Corsican said. “They decide to kill each other. One is big. The other is small. They fight with fists. The small man cannot get near the big man. The small man is the most nimble. But the big man chases him. Eventually, he should catch him, and kill him. Now give to each man a knife. The small man is still at a disadvantage. The big man has more reach. It’s difficult to penetrate his wide guard. But the small man is the more nimble. His thrusts are the quicker. And knife-fighting is a question of courage. Perhaps the big one feels faint when he thinks he may die. Or when he sees blood. The battle is more even. It is more dirty to fight with fists than with knives. To attack another man with fists is a dirty trick, requiring little courage, but only bestial strength.” This Corsican was biased, being an expert with the knife he carried and ate and shaved with. It was a long curving blade, with a delicately curved, black bone handle, I recall. But I thoroughly agreed, and agree with his sentiments. To hell with adventure novelists who decry every man who draws a knife and lionise honest John who fights with his fists."
"Run and buy this book when it comes out, you will not regret it."
"Nothing spells gloom like My Dying Bride, a band that has been at the forefront of the doom metal genre since their inception in the early 90′s. Though emotionally and thematically very much in the wake of their past material, Evinta rids itself of guitars and all other typical instruments in favor of classical instruments, creating a powerful, epic, atmospheric, expansive (3-disc) ambient/neo-classical experience."
"I grab a hand of bananas and move on to the tomatoes."
"One hundred years ago, 'wireless telegraphy' was mostly used to communicate with vessels crossing the Atlantic Ocean. And these weren't signals with human voices, but rather in the dots and dashes of Morse code. Experiments with sending vocals over the airwaves were already being conducted in New York by Lee De Forest as early as 1907, but radio wouldn't seriously be considered as a means of voice transmittal for almost another decade."
"not necessarily, you see I find \"Nice\" very nice, for a while.."
"Whether or not you BAR attorneys swore a secret oath to administer the"
"-create 11 new questions for the people you tag."
"Everyday we are bombarded with images of beautiful woman and if you like me, it’s hard not to compare yourself. Don’t we all want to be as beautiful as the women on the magazines? According to Jezebel, a nonprofit has found that U.S. women spend $7 billion a year on cosmetics and beauty products: An average of about $100 a month each and I know there have been a few months when I’ve hit that $100 mark. Why do we spend so much? Well many of us, myself included, may have unrealistic expectations. We buy products hoping for results that aren’t possible in an effort to look like people who don’t even look like themselves! Check out the photos below and you will see the transformations a face can go through because of anything from makeup to plastic surgery."
"Aggro - aggressiveness."
"Over and out! x"
"5. Remove the pattern and iron the appliqué in place on the front of the house. Do this for the window, door, and house number, using the pattern as a guide for placement. DO NOT decorate your house below the line marked on the pattern, and remember to keep the iron away from any heat-sensitive trims!"
"Brulee nodded. “That sounds reasonable,” even though her own voice sounded slightly suspicious."
"Los Angeles Times"
"A strange thing happened to me in between the first season of Laid and this second season premiere – I grew fonder of the show. This doesn’t mean my opinion of the first season changed; I still think of it as a drippy, one-note, trying-too-hard dramedy, but I did find myself strangely looking forward to the new season because of two key cast members. Let’s place the blame for this at the feet of The Little Dum Dum Club, a hilarious podcast hosted by Karl Chandler and Tommy Dassalo where each episode they invite a comic into the studio for a chat. Celia Pacquola has been on the show once by herself and once with her boyfriend, and Laid co-star, Toby Truslove and both of them were very funny and delightful and I liked them so much I was half-convinced the second season of Laid might be better. While this episode doesn’t come across as self-satisfied as the show did in its first season, a lot of the things that didn’t work the first time around still don’t work the second time around."
"Problem is, where does that leave inner city kids who don’t have the ways or the means to get out and see nature — much less to contemplate its beauty?"
"I bet 25 years ago, on this same day, my father was wandering around his house like I am today feeling sick as a dog, worse than I no doubt, just looking for some relief or distraction from this disease. My wedding was only one week later in that same house."
"What he did not manage to do, at least not for me, is to convey a clearer picture of George Washington as a person. Yes, his character, his habits (apparently, he was very fastidious with his clothes), his looks and his way of dealing with problems are thoroughly described, as are the military campaigns and political events he was part of. But if I had to sum up in one word what I feel is lacking here, that word would have to be \"atmosphere\"."
"each day the last day."
"He is quick to forgive and move on."
"“Very good. Colin Davis. I am Brumby. Pleased to make your acquaintance.” Brumby opened one of the doors and motioned Colin in ahead of him. “Mr. Colin Davis!” he announced."
"Marcel, the comedic Magician was up after me and succeeded in freaking out all of the aforementioned best friends on their shroom trips with his magic… messing with their minds. (Revenge is sweet)"
"12-It Hurts Me Too"
"I seriously could not be any happier with how this turned out. I love love LOVE it! Chris was really unsure of the project until we put the books on, and he's thrilled too. The top shelf is his shelf. That's the books that Daddy gets to read to her, since he's the only one that can reach it! I'll try to keep more of the soft / touch books on the bottom shelves to start off with."
"It's a real garden of Eden, elderberries (my favourite), wild cherries, wild gooseberries, blackberries, wild apples, sloe berries, wild plums (to name a few) and at least a half dozen or so edible mushrooms such as the field mushroom, ink cap, parasol, puffball etc (sadly we missed the seasonal fruiting of morels and St George's mushrooms which only occur early in Spring. The Spring drought has all but obliterated the mycelium from fruiting. But, as we've had some rain the last two weeks, I'm hoping to catch a few lazy St Georges making a late appearances tomorrow morning!)"
"Please see above for the latest pricing increase from Raider, which have risen approximate $100/€100/£50 over the past twelve months. At the start of the year Raider International Publishing opened their first brick and mortar bookstore in Suffern, New York. There have also been reports of delays from authors on agreed publishing dates. Raider continue to offer an expedited publishing service for $299. Expect a six month publishing process."
"I really like Krysten Ritter so I had to check this out."
"sides with seasoning mixture. In skillet, melt"
"Josh dug into his pack to look for the tickets then began opening another compartment then another."
"When I read Dubliners. I suppose I was about 19. While I’d been writing bad poems, the odd juvenile short story, and the like; it had never really occurred to me before then as an actual possibility. But, the language of that book, coupled with my enormous naiveté, made me believe it was something I could do."
"And evil villains make for good stories."
"2) My family"
"I pray that we’ll meet someday and that I might make you smile."
"Not possible for this to be the last day of high school; I see a 16- year- old driving to 10th grade."
"I like to give out my caramel popcorn in large mason jars, with a pretty piece of fabric over the lid and tied with raffia. The caramel popcorn will stay crunchy in the sealed jar for couple of weeks. Enjoy!"
"Blog about something that you received during the first two weeks of May, and link it up here beginning on the 7th. It could be a nice note, flower, door decoration, or gift."
"2. Is your daddy a thief? Then who stole the sparkle of the stars and put them into your eyes?"
"wolves came out of the shadows and nuzzled my palms. i rested in"
"I have written before about finding the time for current friends so that they won't become the friends you forget. (see Find the Time) But if you do grow apart with a close friend, I think that it is an awful shame. In situations like these, there is no one to blame because it is one of those things that just happens. I often think about the good times I have had and sometimes I feel sadness, frustration and annoyance when I think of a friend I used to hang out with but I can't either recall their name or picture their face. I try to avoid this happening again (thank you Facebook) but it's still hard. There is only so much you can say to someone you haven't spoken to in years."
"Somewhere inside of me there is this creative button, that I just can never seem to turn off. I drive down the road, and see something and just immediately begin thinking how I could crop, edit, change, accessories, or change it all together. Then my brain just goes into full throttle speed..."
"Cucina Povera contains delicious recipes - from soups to pastas, meats and vegetables to desserts like this cookie called \"sfratti,\" plural of the word \"sfratto,\" which means eviction. These cookies are one of the old recipes from Pitigliano, a Tuscan town that once housed a large Jewish population. Sadly, many of the Jews were forced to flee during World War II, following Mussolini's racial laws. This recipe is a traditional Rosh Hashanah treat from Pitigliano's Jewish heritage."
"I’d like him to get into recognising colours next but he will only learn when he wants to learn – I’ve tried this in the past and if his mind isn’t interested in something he won’t TRY to learn!!"
"I want to put the Bulls higher on this list (read No. 1), but I just can’t do it until I see more out of Derrick Rose. Yes, I know, the team has played great basketball with Rose out of the lineup. But there is no way this team can compete with the elite in the NBA without their superstar. They cannot possibly expect Luol Deng, Carlos Boozer, Richard Hamilton, and Joakim Noah to hold their own over a 7-game series with the Heat. If Rose plays like the MVP he was last season, it is a completely different story. If that were to happen, the Bulls become my favorite to win it all with one of the three players most capable of taking over a game and a stingy defense."
"Under masses of concrete"
"In bowl of stand mixer, add yeast, honey, and warm water. Give it a stir and let sit for 5-10 min til bubbly and foamy. Add salt, oil and 1 1/2 c flour. Mix using dough hook. Once combined, add additional flour 1/2 c at a time til slightly tacky, but doesn’t stick to hands. Turn on medium to knead for 6 min. The side of bowl should be clean and dough should be smooth. Remove dough from bowl. Spray bowl with Pam. Add dough back to bowl and turn once to get both sides coated with spray."
"In Mississippi, \"the state's corrections commissioner on Friday said that [the GEO Group] would no longer operate three [private prison] facilities in the state, which held 4,000 inmates,\" NPR reported recently. Regrettably, Mississippi is seeking another contractor instead of taking their management in-house or downsizing youth facilities, as Texas has done."
"This PP is awesome to fussy cut! I really loved working with it. Don't forget to sign-up to see my"
"I have used the new paper range from Kaisercraft 'Magnolia Grove'. This paper is just stunning."
"I can remember the first movie I ever saw one as a kid, in the theater that is. It was a double feature: The Rescuers in combo with Grease, the original. It was 1977. I was 5 years old. My dad took me and I think I was wearing some kind of jumper. For some reason, whenever I had a really good time as a kid I always remember what clothes I wore. Maybe because I wanted to underscore those moments with a big yellow highlighter pen in my brain. Maybe it was the future writer in me."
"I thought of Johns' cross-hatch paintings from the 1970s, including his famous Corpse and Mirror which hangs in The Art Institute of Chicago. The formalist grid of painting, that high minded center of modern art, is deconstructed, taken apart, and manipulated in a way that tempts order without ever finding it. Irwin’s line and dot paintings accomplished this feat in the 1960s, and this new work, in my mind, does a similar thing. The piece exists simply as Irwin’s negotiation of light for our benefit, his ability to create an experience that surprises you and does not allow your experiential expectations. Johns’ painting does a similar thing – the things you think you know are not as clear cut as you thought. However, Johns’ work never bursts into soft light. We go to Irwin for that."
"“I don’t think you can try that plate again,” said Praymar, not knowing why exactly he thought so. He had some dim recollection of having seen the plate some time long ago, but the memory was vague in his mind. Perhaps it had been a dream. But whatever the reason he was convinced that trying the plate a second time, so soon after the first, would result in some form of disaster for everyone there. Arik, who was not a little bit spooked by all of these bizarre events, pulled his hand back from the dully-glinting bronze plate. Maybe it would be best to leave it for now, he decided."
"WOODEN FLOOR CLEANER - Ammonia will strip floor wax (one cup to a bucket of hot water)"
"There’s another word you may be unfamiliar with. McGuffin. In terms of a story, a McGuffin is a plot device that has no explanation but pushes the story along. Cite Pulp Fiction for example. That suitcase’s contents remained a mystery, and they remain a mystery to this day. Some say it was Mr. Wallace’s soul, some say money, some say a cornucopia of violent Russian pornographic magazines (I have some sick friends) but the fact was that no one in the film revealed what it was and no one watching knew what it was, but it pushed the film forward. And that meant it was important, right?"
"because she had not waited for them"
"And now we’re back, dealing with life, trying to figure out how to move us with no money. As of now, Hubby is going to leave this weekend, and BB and I will stay behind until the end of the month to pack and say goodbye."
"Crazy Love by Trailer Bride"
"4. What is one food you will NEVER cook?"
"My job - SAVE THE UGLIES BY GIVING THEM MAKEOVERS."
"Well, the road to hell is paved with good intentions. I've been thwarted from my curmudgeonly ways by my well meaning company who awarded me with free tickets for my hard work over the last few months...and they're making me take the day off (plus a few more..)."
"“Rhythm is something you either have or don’t have, but when you have it, you have it all over.”"
"If you are looking for a way to record MP3s as well as having a way to listen to your favorite radio stations, you will want to learn more about the Pogo Radio LX. This offers you a brand new way to do both of these things from just one small device. It offers a high quality performance even when you are trying to pick up radio stations. The signal quality is as good as that of most stereos systems used in the home."
"4. I love the idea of blowback. Can you tell us a bit about how this concept came about and what it is?"
"3 tablespoons honey of silan (date honey)"
"Loring said Lincoln himself came into the store and chose them with the owner. “And the rumor goes that he wondered if the president of the United States got a discount at Tiffany and Company, and Charles Lewis Tiffany said, ‘I’m terribly sorry, but no one gets a discount at Tiffany.”"
"in the dirt"
"each ink stain on the line will bring,"
"Dang. I knew I was going to cry."
"Last night I went to bed at 9:30. A friend gave me a book the other day and while it’s cheesy and I’m ashamed to admit it, I can’t put it down. I was still reading this ridiculous bodice-ripper at 1:30 am. R was shocked. Haven’t been up that late in what feels like centuries."
"Then she did it to me. I whipped out my iPhone to capture the glorious moment for the blog. I had to share this information. THIS IS HOW THEY DO IT. They step right in front of you, but they will not look at you. They'll look in the exact opposite direction of you, even if it means pivoting their head around 180 degrees so they're staring directly out over their backs. Line-cutting Frenchies are like those owls with really twisty necks."
"There's a scene from an Austin Powers movie that we used to use all the time when I worked at the Jungle Cruise in the Magic Kingdom. We would cruise up to the dock in our boats and do this scene with the skippers who were there to help unload the boats."
"I am getting crazy with designing my own mugs ;)! This time I hand-painted the picture with water colour, colouring pencils and markers before the picture was printed on the mug. I think this mug looks sort of better than my previous ones (which you can see here and here) because hand-painting allows me more freedom on the design."
"Spent early years of her childhood in London."
"Level 7: STR: +21, Increases your attack speed."
"When situations become tense, people say they feel the “heat.” We also refer to this heat as a “trial by fire.” When criminals feel that law officers are closing in they refer to them as the “heat.” Unfortunately, we do not pay close enough attention to the fact that physical terms lend themselves perfectly to psycho-spiritual phenomena. If we did, theological concepts could be easily unified with the physical sciences."
"2 Screamin' And Hollerin' The Blues"
"See, to me, the Outer Banks are a somewhat mystical place. On most coasts, you stare out at a (presumably) wide expanse of ocean. But on Hatteras Island, you stare out at the Atlantic (to the east) and the Roanoke Sound (to the west). On cloudy days, the sound itself can appear almost like an ocean, so that you feel as though you're standing on the last strip of earth on an otherwise watery planet. (Okay, so that's a little whimsical, but if you've been there, you'll know what I mean.)"
"HP Intros New Ultrabooks, Sleekbooks With Intel, AMD Chips – Hewlett-Packard has been busy. At an event at the Shanghai Expo Center in China May 9, the company, which was once on the verge of doing away with its PC unit, introduced more new business and consumer-geared PC models than any single person could reasonably keep track of. Most likely to stand out from the pack are new portfolios of Ultrabooks and what HP is calling “Sleekbooks.”"
"Revise."
"what management’s expectations are for staff, transitioning employees, and any existing LGBT employee group in facilitating a successful workplace transition; and"
"Banana Man: You got it."
"Yes, back to this work........"
"“If he allowed Goofy to keep his costume on, I should imagine his lawyer would be able to negotiate a plea bargain of indecent exposure,” I said."
"-Creative intelligence–the dynamic synergy of active and quiet mind skills."
"I never realize you have blue eyes!"
"This Easter weekend was great. I spend it with a friend, going to the west coast of Ireland. Staying in a lovely B&B in Salthill, within walking distance of Galway."
"Whatever else may be in this legislation is totally irrelevant, the first to file rule completely destroys any protections for actual creators. What would I, as a small independent inventor, have as motivation to invent something when I would need outside funding to patent my idea, and could very conceivably get legally screwed because someone else stole it and filed the application before me? If I have no protections at all prior to paying Uncle Sam for them, my and every other inventor’s efforts become meaningless."
"Maybe more!!!"
"It is easy for those of us watching the Godfather series on DVD to forget that Part III was released almost two decades after the phenomenally successful Parts I & II (in 1990). Apart from Hollywoood’s usual goal of wringing every last cent from a successful film franchise, the third film intends to be both a celebration of the earlier films and a wrap up of the life of ‘the Godfather’, Michael Corleone. It is generally considered to be the poor cousin of its predecessors and, indeed, it lacks something of their originality, complexity and compelling tension. It also falls short in terms of the depth of the caste. Gone are Brando and DeNiro (with Vito Corleone dead) and Robert Duval’s Tom Hagin is replaced with a forgetable lawyer. All that is left of the original is Pacino and Keaton, who are both excellent, but whose relationship is difficult to fathom. Apart from Andy Garcia, who plays Sonny’s son Vincent (the next generation Godfather), the remainder of the supporting caste are relatively bland, and the movie focuses almost exclusively on the Pacino’s Michael. This is not to say that it is a bad film. Apart from the fact that anyone who has seen Parts I & II will be compelled to see the story through to its conclusion, it remains a well scripted character study, and one that takes us thematically forward; moving beyond analysis of the ambiguity of evil to a reflection on the possibility of redemption."
"*She also keeps you distracted in all kinds of inventive ways while the actual tattooing is going on, including a soft shoe routine that I can’t possibly describe."
"This post is the third installment of A Complete Idiot's Guide to 2012 where I read a different self-help guide every month. Special thanks to them for providing me the books."
"A lot of people have never heard of Timor Leste, how did you become involved with the country?"
"Sommer weaves together the story of Hank Greenberg, the first Jewish baseball star, with the history of America during the 1930s and 1940s in this accessible biography for tweens and teens. I really enjoyed reading this biography, and will review it in depth tomorrow."
"just a simple question. But no real answer."
"These programs include:"
"In the course of this... discussion... I explained that I tend to get irritated quickly but then I get over it whereas he tends to become annoyed by something slowly and then he obsesses about it. And that this irritates me."
"Alexander Pushkin is a famous Russian poet but he wrote prose as well. “The Squire’s Daughter” is one of his stories, the most touching, romatic, funny, light and young. And very Russian."
"She and I belong to a mutual admiration society. I love Naomi’s blog ‘Writing Between the Lines’ as it’s packed full of fascinating descriptions of places she visits, people she encounters, and snippets about her family, all of which she illustrates with her awesome photography."
"When I bought my first camera, a Pentax K-1000, one of my first subjects was Andrew Carnegie Free Library & Music Hall. I lived two doors down, I was practicing with black and white film, and the massive, elegant building surrounded by tall trees was a feast for my eyes."
"“Their very importance makes them seem charming people, and they are celebrated all the time: they seem to live a sort of gay, high life, and others, by curiously watching them live it, celebrate them as well as their celebrated way of life” – C. Wright Mills"
"How unique a concept. Actually talking face to face with other people!"
"Dear Sheila,"
"- 200 g crushed tomatoes"
"With duty and purpose, God’s blue landscape has no doubt."
"Put flour, baking powder, bicarb, nutmeg and sugar in a large bowl. In a jug put egg, buttermilk and have melted butter ready."
"What I’m afraid of is what I’m going to do when I’m left to my own vices. What I might do when I’m not at work and passing by the gas station."
"\"Why? Why did this happen? What was the reason? What was the motive?\" said Jeanette Allen, wife of William Allen, 31."
"the simpler country chairs."
"Write a comedy story involving at least 2 out of the following:"
"33. Despise You - Extinction By Design"
"“Just the weekly.” He answers."
"Here we are ready for the show to start!"
"No matter how fierce the exasperation and disgust which Aaron directs towards the Republic's treatment of Native Americans in Scalped, he never resorts to idealising the citizens of the Reservation. Of course, his point is that even the best of women and men can and most likely will be corrupted to a lesser or greater degree by degrading and grindingly difficult situations, so any casting of his predominantly Native American characters as shiningly innocent and noble proletarians would hardly help his case. Yet a great many of his characters are given moments which humanise them and suggest that, were the world just constituted in a fairer and more humane fashion, they'd most likely be far better people than they've ended up. This process doesn't mean that Aaron and Guera ever expect us to side with the likes of the ultimately reprehensible Red Crow, but by the same token, it's impossible not to empathise with his awareness that he's committed a host of the most terrible crimes. Time and time again, Aaron presents us with characters who it'd be easy to portray as threatening and irredeemable outsiders. Dino and his friends drinking away the day in a landscape of beer cans, wrecked cars and crows, for example, have their ruined lives represented in a way which emphasises the waste of their potential without it ever being suggested that they've chosen the existence which they're self-medicating their way through."
"18- intervista & radio credits 5.09"
"Two-and-a-half years ago I quit working at an upscale Japanese steakhouse to move abroad. I thought I would never wait tables again, and that was fine with me. And for a while I avoided it. But, now I find myself here again, working in an upscale BBQ restaurant (the concept seems to work somehow. Apparently rich people like barbecue too, only they like a $45 bottle of Sauvignon Blanc to go with their brisket)."
"SB: Boy, I hardly know where to start, Lord. I have so many questions! Just based on what you said, never mind what I had on my piece of paper here. Perhaps we can just pick up the readers on a—pardon me, the listeners—on a number of scores."
"The fact is, I’m thrilled that Michael Reagan has endorsed me and will be campaigning with me here in Florida. I remember very fondly, in 1995, when we were at the Goldwater Institute and Nancy Reagan said, you know, “Barry gave Ronnie the torch, and now Ronny’s passing the torch to Newt and his team in Congress. So I think it’s reasonable to say, and I think the governor said it fairly, I am vastly closer to Reagan. In that period the governor was an independent business person. In ’92 he was donating to the Democrats for Congress and voted for Paul Tsongas in the Democratic primary. In ’94 running against Teddy Kennedy, he said flatly, I don’t want to go back to the Reagan-Bush era, I was an independent."
"Day-of Hair and Make-up: My mom of course!"
"We were great during those years. I was happy with my two children. I knew I would not have anymore and I was fine with that."
"Her: Worse than throwing up spaghetti out your nose?"
"There are many things to like about the simplicity of a digital clock, though when you unplug the one by my bed, time simply vanishes. On digital clocks I can see the time at the three am worry hour."
"Mark Moore Gallery"
"Dear Reese,"
"We’ve become so used to people looking scared and speaking in hushed tones. They whisper the quiet haunting tale of those who have departed while making their way through the darkness. They respectfully try to communicate with the dead and perhaps just learn something from the other side."
"From this end there’s"
"Various ancient medical streams like Ayurveda and Yunani have been using honey for years in medicine to strengthen the semen of men. Two tablespoons of honey before they go to sleep is what is prescribed by many experienced practitioners. This combination will work wonders for women as well. In China, Japan and other Asian countries, if the women who do not conceive, and or if their uterus is week, then they have been prescribed cinnamon powder. Women who cannot conceive may take a pinch of cinnamon powder in half a teaspoon of honey, and apply it on the gums frequently throughout the day, so that it slowly mixes with the saliva and enters the body."
"This YouTube channel features screencast lessons made by real teachers like you and me. I've been making all of my own for the past year - and while not too difficult, this can be time consuming. Here I've found a great host of videos to download, free and easy! What's more, they are sorted into channels according to teacher (if you find someone who has a similar approach to teaching as you, and want to find more videos by him/her) or by math strand (number sense, geometry, algebra, etc.)!"
"Mother’s Day is fast approaching and in that spirit we have complied a list of ten heartwarming flicks to watch with mom. Now I know some of the guys might do a universal groan but come on gents, she gave you life, suck it up for a few hours."
"A pressing ham comes in really handy with a project like this. There are lots of rounds and curves to be pressed. For some reason, I have never gotten around to buying one, though I probably should. If you don't have one at hand, don't worry! I use a rolled hand towel to get the shape I need for pressing and it works nicely in a pinch."
"Other than noting my initial surprise that Beaton was the decorator of Raffles, I don't really want to add more to the already deep pool of blogger gush about him or his mildly repellant generation - Wallis Windsor, Beverly Nichols, et al."
"I will be mailing this to my cousin Kelly to hang in her studio. (even though Daryl is actually my 2nd cousin, he called me Aunt Kim). I miss him so much and he will be in my heart forever. He gave the best hugs!!"
"“. . . God, if thou wilt save Israel by mine hand as thou hast said, behold, I will put a fleece of wool on the floor; and if the dew be on the fleece only, and it be dry upon all the earth, than shall I know that thou wilt save Israel by mine hand as thou hast said.”"
"‘I love you.’ It was a lie."
"The frenetic quality of this hour – an example of what Jonathan Rosenbaum has called “hot time” – contrasts dramatically with the hours leading up to supper. Two o’clock is the hour of siesta, a time for slowing down. Three o’clock is the hour of watching time pass by in which nothing much seems to happen besides our anticipation of the working day’s end. Four o’ clock (finally!) is closing time. Five o’clock – the hour of transition. There is the journey home or to work; the night shift approaches; darkness approaches; sunset draws near. For some a time for winding down; for others a showdown."
"Denmark also has mandatory military service (includes things like our Peace Corps, etc.) for the fit and able. I bet the “Occupy our Cities” bunch would love this. This why Denmark does not have the civil unrest and fewer prisons than we do. If we had the same rule in America we could have the peace and prosperity we used to enjoy. Here we just pay people not to work to gain their votes so they can use crime to enhance their welfare."
"It is early in the evening, and I'm dancing with a fellow I sometimes have trouble with. For one, I don't always feel like I can follow his steps smoothly, but as though I'm almost falling, or coming down too hard on forward and side steps with him. And let's not get into my opinion of his wild dancefloor experimentation with other partners."
"R9- Sc in each"
"...hasn't exactly aged well. What can you do? McCartney was a traditionalist; a man needed a maid. In fact, it was this tension that broke up his relationship with Jane Asher. She didn't want to give up her acting career to be a stay-at-home wife. Who did he think she was, Maureen Starkey or Cynthia Lennon?"
"As a person who has spent a lot of time with old ladies (I was the unofficial full body masseuse at my local retirement home, until the police got involved), I have noticed that they all share one thing in common. They all love illness."
"How can this be? We are in Obama’s recovery."
"There are a number of possible replies (impracticality, epistemic hurdles etc). The next argument is one of them."
"My kitchen spent some time like this:"
"63. Bullet Ballet ^"
"This Earth/Shan/Gaia……. holds ALL things you need for PERFECT Balanace Growth and Harmony. ALL the nuetritian your body needs, the hydrants, herbs….She holds and provides ALL things with NO judgements seperations or divisions. She contains LIFE ENERGY SUPPORT to and for ALL of Creation – Unconditionally! What do you suppose you could do to “Improve” the Earth existance/your existance/the existance to ALL Living things? Remember Chelas…….all of you are born in a different soul growth stage. Hence some of you may say you recall several lives and others may say this is their first etc… You see you can not “Judge” another upon their soul growth journey path. ALL souls as do ALL things created start out from a “Seed” or planting….and they stage in growth. A flower starts from a Bud or a Seed then starts its growth until it reaches its “Blooming or Flowering” stage of FULL GROWTH….it shines off its reflection of PURE beauty created, roburst aroma, intricate design/patterns etc…. I think you can see the evolutional growth stagings in this beautious flower and ALL that the flower can and will endure upon that growth as well. Your Soul or BEing is of no different. ALL things grow!"
"* Make sure you are really ready for an agent. It takes time to hone this craft and it may take more than one appealing manuscript to attract an agent. Established agents represent career writers who have prolific potential."
"Like most we post, if you dig, search for more info."
"No, I had to return him. It was the right thing to do. In the morning, I’d call the family and pass on the good news. If I wanted a dog for myself I could always rescue one from the shelter."
"Things I didn't like ran the gamut. First of all, the premise was a bit cheesy. I wasn't buying the \"three promises\" thing even though the author tried very hard to make a case for it. I didn't like the fact that they used the Lord's name in vain a number of times. The story would not have been hurt if those words had been deleted, though the young man Ben resembling Jesus and then saying \"Oh, God\" was funny in a twisted sort of way."
"Stay tuned until NEXT THURSDAY.. because then you get to meet another fabulous member of the Guest Design Team. Don't forget to check out the daily projects that Jess has going at www.kinderstampo.com . Come join the fun."
"\"Your legs are very sexy,\" I said, trying to be smooth. I don't think it worked because Jen rolled her eyes at me. After getting off the phone earlier I thought that tonight was going to be a sure thing but now I was having doubts. She spun her chair and faced me so I turned and faced her. Here in the sun filled diner Jen's beauty really showed itself to me. I wanted to hold her face in my hands and feast on her lips. I wanted her bad so I was not going to give up easily."
"Try love."
"Here are the questions set for me:"
"after review by the house of"
"“How I suppose to know?” I replied innocently."
"Once you’ve made the inventory, store it off site for safe keeping. Online storage in the “cloud” might be the best place to insure you’ll always know where it is. Contact me for a free Home Inventory form; it’s my way of helping you be a better homeowner."
"I have written and erased this post many times in the last few weeks, it's not an easy one to write. The last few months feel a bit blurry and I am just now moving forward and feeling like Life does really go on. It may be enormously different, but it keeps going on."
"My tool for this month is the Jenni Bowlin ticket border punch. I am going to show how to create that little row of tickets on the front of the card. It's pretty easy, you just punch each side of your strip, making sure to line things up. The trick is getting the right width of your strip, but I have it figure out that it's the little mark right before the 1 inch on my Fiskar's trimmer! Don't ask me \"what\" the dimension is...I am only good with 1/4, 1/2 and 3/4 marks!"
"In the end I served this up with some tea when we had visitors - it went down a treat :)"
"Real history underpins the most fantastical elements of One Hundred Years of Solitude. Macondo, the novel’s setting, is a fictionalisation of García Márquez’s hometown of Aracataca, Colombia. The 32 civil wars between the Liberals and the Conservatives are inspired by 19th-century Colombian politics. The gringo banana company’s slaughter of protesting workers bears close relation to the Colombian government’s 1928 massacre of striking United Fruit employees. Such references to the historical record are processed by the Third World consciousness of García Márquez into richer allegories and metaphors for the Third World experience as a whole. For example, the banana company subplot is an extrapolation of an actual event in Colombian history into a more general comment on real-life Latin American struggles such as the Cuban and Mexican revolutions. Similarly, the corrupt tyrant José Arcadio who takes “forcible possession of the best plots of land around” and misappropriates funds to buy “Viennese furniture” reminds us of actual generalissimo dictators in both Latin America and elsewhere in the Third World."
"Michael L. Bocchino, 45, New York, N.Y."
"Today's song on the 24 Days of Christmas on The Great Faith Adventure is Light of the Stable. One of my absolute favorite groups - Selah - does it. I will get to see them tonight at their Christmas concert at First Baptist Irving!! Yay! Thankfully there is not really much history behind the song. So I get to keep it nice and short :)"
"I was trying to pick my favourite song from the album and I couldn’t. My top 5 are (in no particular order) Rope, White Limo, Arlandria, Dear Rosemary & Walk."
"Semiconductor bracelets are here to fulfill and theire is meet feat to farm from supermarkets to proms and from movies to churches all for varying causes."
"I can't remember where, but I read recently about using monochrome photos to judge the balance of values in the blocks. Here is my first draft layout:"
"Where the crook-bone men make war"
"bb notes:"
"Why not shut the window?"
"Also, even if a given work or artist is somehow true genius, that doesn’t trump any real-world ethical concerns that might come with it. Art does not exist in a vaccum. The real world inspires art and is an important filter through which we view it. Judging a work outside of that context is in itself lazy criticism."
"Memories of my unknown child, fade slow."
"The speakers and sponsors dinner."
"As we change and grow and move towards fulfilling our potential, free from mind chatter that slows us down, we also begin to change those around us. And one by one, the change spreads. You are good, and strong, and kind and of value. Make sure your mind chatter is telling you the same thing, or else tell it to STOP, so that you can GO forward."
"How we see ourselves on the outside is directly related to how we see ourselves on the inside."
"Through this experience, I learned to appreciate where food that goes on the table comes from. I have fond memories of those summers on the farm."
"Umm, but you ARE hearing what I think, in an uncensored way…"
"Daisey weaves the two stories back and forth, and the second tale soon takes precedence over the relative comfort of the first, as we get the stories, as we get his story of getting those stories that come out of the Special Economic Zone. And it creeps up you, that fact that everything has a price, and forces you to recognize that price and who is paying it."
"Now that I am back on Weight Watchers, the only thing that has really changed is the program. It is even easier than it was 5 or 6 years ago. As always, I know what I have to do to lose the weight and I know what I have to do to keep the weight off."
"Pew."
"I love to learn, so whatever I write ends up being infused with odd facts and trivia. In The Faustian Host, I created a school for gifted kids for that very purpose. The cool thing is that while much of the information seems irrelevant, some of it ends up saving the kids' lives."
"Obviously they did not get the response they had hoped for and therefore, in true PRAVDA style they censored their readers."
"I am now flummoxed with many decisions and with such a sad feeling that she did not live to see us turn the whole courtyard outside her apartment window into a garden paradise. It was nice enough this first summer but did not grow as lushly as I had hoped. The sandy soil needs more improvement and there is a surprisingly severe slug or snail problem in the enclosed courtyard. She waited all summer for her dahlias to bloom. Finally one did, and I do hope she got to see it the day before she died. (“Oh, so NOW you decide to bloom!” I thought at it when we went up to begin to clear out her apartment the day after her death.)"
"all my family that received an invite has called or texted about how cute caleb looks in that tie."
"I found this fantastic recipe for a Spanish type chicken bake thingy over on Beth's blog at Babymac. I am making it for dinner tonight. It smells fantastic. Our local supermarket did not have chicken thighs with bone and skin on so I have made do with drumsticks. And for some reason The Cooking Gods seemed to want me to throw in a red onion. So I did."
"There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book. Books are well written, or badly written. That is all."
"Below the edge, leaving the night"
"I know, this product works best with only dogs, but, Mom, come on… I’m a manly man and we need our REMOTE/TV combo. Love ya Mom!"
"I scarfed the whole thing in three bites and it's official. I am a convert to the Oeuf en Gelée, or as I call them: Jello Cups of Champions. Some have a tomato in them, others have cornichons, a bit of parsley or estragon. I have no idea what time of day the French eat them but these are my new breakfast of champions."
"The Art Collective, a venture supporting young and emerging artists, comes to Brighton for a two-week exhibition. Work from artists Lance Hewison, Gina Hart plus photographer Celine Marchbank and many more will be on display for you to buy, including a special range of signed editions. Nice and local, no reason not to!"
"South-west district police chief Supt Mohd Hatta Mohd Zin, when contacted, said police were investigating the case under section 13 of the Anti-Human Trafficking Act 2007."
"Teaching isn’t about how boring or how exciting a class is. No, it’s about growing and changing."
"In HOD Beyond this week the younger girls learned about Johnny Appleseed."
"“Quiet now Alice.” Her mother said calmly. “You’ve been asleep for three days now. I found you outside the house, collapsed! It was after you got back from town on that blasted errand I could have probably run myself.”"
"I’m a little behind on my pictures from the first few days. So keep an eye out in the next day or two for lots of photos and some more info about the city, Italian culture and everything i’ve been up to."
"An odd older guy was one of the first to get to Noel. In one of the most bizarre forms of admiration I’ve seen, he had a big, dumb grin on his face and gently touched Noel’s chest. ”I touched him!” Mind you, this guy is in his 50′s at least. But he wasn’t finished. His next move was to caress Noel’s cheek. When Noel didn’t jump back or yell at him — probably a smart move on Noel’s part — the guy leaned forward, gently grabbed Noel by the back of the hair and pulled him in for a kiss on the forehead. My reaction was to yell, “Fella, that’s messed ! What’s wrong with you?” I was afraid that this guy was going to run Noel off at any second. A friend chimed in with a “What the ****, dude!” The creepy guy just drifted off with a huge grin on his face, nearly in tears saying something like “I just couldn’t help it. I got to touch him!” You’d think it was Jesus he’d seen."
"EMPLOYEE: No, it is definitely in the fashion section. I stocked it last week. It was written by one of the “real housewives”, right?"
"How many who claim not to be religious study and follow the leading of the horoscope? They worship their star. How many, who deny being religious, put their faith in money, worrying about it, striving to obtain it? How many, who rebel against religion, heed the advice of those around them?"
"The Loop reports that Apple has finally confirmed the long-awaited media event. The wait will soon be over: Apple has scheduled a press conference next Tuesday, October 4. The event will take place at Apple’s home turf, its Cupertino campus in California at 10am PT, as rumored. If an email invitation is any indication, this will definitely be an iPhone-focused media event. AllThingsD has it on good authority that Apple CEO Tim Cook will deliver the presentation, a first for Cook in his new CEO role."
"Nelson’s more than 15 years in marketing includes nine years as global lead for entertainment marketing at Motorola Inc. She is credited with leading the global launch of the first iPhone with iTunes, the Motorola ROKR, and was the company’s first African-American to be named advertising manager for Europe, the Middle East and Africa, based in Milan, Italy."
"I just love Mexican food so I had to give this a try."
"After the police killed Ian Tomlinson in April 2009 they put out a string of lies to try to get away with it. They claimed to have had 'no contact' with Tomlinson, that their officers tried to revive him whilst protesters threw a hail of bottles (in fact protesters tried to get an ambulance for him whilst the police refused to speak to medical staff). They had a dodgy autopsy done saying it was all natural causes. They had the 'Independent' Police Complaints Commission say there was no CCTV in the area, and after people published photos of the cameras they amended that to say they 'weren't working'."
"1½ dl cream"
"(Anwaar and Fareda exit. Lights out. Professor Rashib exits.)"
"so this surely doesn't apply to me...."
"If you know little about raw feeding however at this point you’re probably thinking, hmmm, they seem very similar. Ian even sells Tom’s book on his website (http://www.barfworld.com/cgi-bin/product.cgi). Even if they are considered different, they both require you to think about what you are feeding your own dog so you make informed decisions but you don’t have to follow them blindly."
"Oily fish provides essential fatty acids to our diet. EFA’s are vital as they lower cholesterol, protecting against heart and circulatory problems, they help alleviate depression, and are good for healthy development of the brain, eyes and skin."
"To make a long story short, I probably won’t be updating the Brigade pages much, if at all, for the Winter Break, as I won’t even be in state. So, as a consolation, I wish our brigade the happiest of the Winter holidays, and ask that you do not forget us, or eat too much figy pudding. As far as I know, we will probably bring up the Brigade next semester as well, and hopefully within the first three weeks of school. The anime for that week will be carried over from this semester; that means Kuroneko Black Cat, Kuroshitsuji Black Butler, and Buso Renkin. After that, we will have a brigade-wide vote for the next anime (assuming we finish the anime before the end of the school year)."
"A pious religious man even argued “that birth control advocates sought to weaken” this country."
"My sweetie's last day at work is next Wednesday - Lord willing, for good! He gets to go full time at our church June 1. God is so good - we never expected to serve in a church full time a year out of Bible college. We feel truly blessed. =)"
"Welcome to my new craft, food, & photography party."
"Page 66. 'Arthur Guinness and Sons' entry. Did you know that the \"7.5% Foreign Extra Stout Guinness accounts for 40% of their current global sales\"?"
"that love doesn't die."
"Instead I take out the new passport. It will expire in two months. If the snow has not come by then I will try to find someone else to be. I do not like to be nameless. To be nameless is to be unremembered. Someone will remember Jennifer and so while I am her they will remember me too."
"We take fistfuls."
"One thing’s for sure: The term has just entered the 2010 official election lexicon."
"Quickly, I steered my cart into Lane 6. Which was when time waded into a pit of molasses and started to sink. After five or ten minutes of mouth-counting, the clerk finished sorting the ninety dollar bills the woman before me had laid on the counter. And then the shopper asked the clerk: “Do you have a pen?”"
"Tim Holtz Distress Stickles - Clear Rock Candy"
"Less than two hours after the attacks on the World Trade Center, both towers collapsed, killing….”"
"2. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Once oven is heated to correct temperature, bake meat ball/kebabs for 35-40 minutes, or until browned and cooked through."
"3) You have until the next Wednesday to create your post."
"All this unfinished business had been mucking up my mind. How can one think clearly when one is trying to remember their PayPal password? After I crossed the items off my list, I felt like I had a clean slate. I could finally think clearly about what I wanted to do once I quit my job."
"I know it's fur which a lot of people don't agree with ."
"If comedy, like trouble, can be said to brew, Bernard Manning told comparatively mild gags. With Jerry, motormouthing for well over an hour at about three times the speed of any other comic, the gags are more bitter."
"Would love for your feedback."
"BUT I do have a fabby card to share using a digital stamp that I ADORE from Sunshine's Stamps! He is soooooo Cute and his name is ROMEO! I just LOVE him! That lil heart beating out of his chest is just too darn cute!!!!! I am so sorry that the photo is bad, I am having camera issues UGH!"
"Gosh, how i really need one.."
"It was also quite messy – never mind the greasy, dripping oil all over the place. But if you’re going to order a burger like this, make sure you’re not wearing a white shirt."
"Life is short, and we don't own the next second of breath. All we really have is those moments that have passed. Humanity is fallibility. So taking a moment to reflect on the past, on the future, on our relationships, on those around us and on our status with them and with God, is important."
"Final Word: Should See"
"A brief tasting of Bernard Delmas' wines at the Maison du Languedoc in London encouraged further investigation – I was particularly keen to try his oak fermented wines - so earlier in the month, we drove to Limoux and further down the Aude valley past the little town of Couiza to turn into the hills towards Antugnac, in the Haute Vallée de l’Aude. M. Delmas has smart spacious cellar, built in 2000, on the outskirts of the village, with capacity for the 30 hectares of vineyards he has in Couiza and Esparaza, as well as Antugnac. He has 14 hectares of Chardonnay, 8 of Mauzac, 6 of Pinot Noir and 2 of Chenin Blanc. As well as several sparkling wines, he also makes Pinot Noir and white Limoux from Chardonnay. He explained that he was born in Antugnac; he had trained as a cook, while his father had three hectares of vines and made a bit of Blanquette. After working in various restaurants around France, he married his florist wife from the next village and they expanded the vineyards. 1976 was his first vintage and he has been organic since 1986. There is a neat little tasting caveau – on the Thursday before Easter it was sporting a display of chickens, eggs and Easter bunnies. And we settled down to tasting."
"I've also used my sewing machine for the first time since Xmas 2009. I did free hand embroidery which I haven't done since I was ten. I loved it. I was brimming with joy. I love it love it love it. I'll be doing that again very soon. I want to get out my metallic threads and make a floral meadow of all different shapes and colours. I also bought some dress fabric to practice my refined sewing skills with, and water soluble cloth which i might try making some cobwebs with and other things."
"Seeing his mother and the other women, his near and dear ones at the foot of the cross PIQUES Jesus to state a PROFOUND FACT and exposit a PROVISION of MAGNITUDE proportions and say the THIRD saying on the cross. Woman, Behold thy son! Behold thy mother!"
"The story is unpleasant so I will make it brief: a few Sunday nights ago (Sunday night being the worst time to buy a vintage sewing machine on eBay since it's the site's most popular time) I bought a newly-listed Elna Lotus as a Buy it Now -- a terrible idea nearly all of the time, since you'll (almost) always be paying more than you would in an auction."
"Act like nothing happened, and be happy."
"O my soul praise, His Name"
"Poor little guy... We're all tired. He's sore. He's sick on top of it all. Things will get better, right?"
"Now it could just be a anonymous commenter that wants to alert folks to a good deal. Or it could be the website owner trying to drive commerce, which is sorta fine, too. Sorta."
"Check out our \"Classes\" page at the top of the screen for more information."
"\"Are you embarassed or self-conscious about something?\" I prompted her. \"Kind of, I guess,\" she admitted. Another thing that helped me put all this together was when we had a portrait made in March with her brother and her baby cousin. They were all wearing jeans and white shirts. Baby Paige was barefoot, so we could see those adorable baby toes. I suggested that Amanda and Kyle take off their shoes. Amanda refused (politely and respectfully, of course), because \"I don't like the way my feet look with no shoes.\""
"ANC Youth League President Julius Malema, right, addresses a crowd outside a Johannesburg court in April. Malema denied that singing the anti-apartheid struggle song, \"Shoot the farmer,\" incited violence against whites. He is now calling for seizing land from whites to redistribute to blacks. (Alexander Joe, AFP/Getty Images / June 17, 2011)"
"Oh boy, I am really channeling my girly girl side lately! How girly is this fun dress form birthday card??!! I made this card for a friend's 13th birthday. The dress form stamp is from Stampendous. The Oval is from Endless Creations."
"With so many fun and affordable options, I think we'll have a difficult time deciding what to purchase with the discount. These preppy pink and green wine glasses are only $18 each (link HERE). Wouldn't this make a perfect hostess gift? A set of these would go a long way towards getting you invited to the party again, that's for sure."
"Very important: you have to set up your \"mi sen plaz\"...all your ingredients in a row, just like this. Your grated carrots, your chopped cilantro, the sliced scallions, I added with some fresh chopped mint, your dressing, combining them with the fresh ginger slices, and of course your cut limes."
"...back to that night. I still can't believe this all went down in a bar. While my stubbornness was chugging away full steam ahead something somewhere jump started Jack's assertiveness. He didn't argue or plead he just grasped my arm again and pulled me to my feet. He didn't hurt me but I sure didn't have any choice in the matter."
"Le Palais Royal never seems to be crowded... We left the bustling, buzzing rue du Faubourg St Honore"
"accounts in Omega Securities, abetted Soh in using a scheme to defraud"
"Hairdo How-to:"
"Candidates can learn more about the terms and conditions of the prize at:"
"I am unmarried because I have yet to meet the right person. Well, maybe I've met her, but all the folderol surrounding dating is a barrier. Some people are ready, some people are not, and so the world turns."
"So around about 2006 all my classes became fortnightly (every two weeks) and things sort of worked out and fell into a bit of a pattern."
"Save Big On Folding Chairs Full Range Here - Free Delivery"
"Your 2013 self"
"We went in about 5 mile chunks all day through the heat. The first of which was at the third gate cache. It had more water than we thought, but not a lot. The second of which was in a small cave west of the trail which was so small, only one person could fit, so we strung up my tarp and huddled under it for shade cooking some lunch up. Then we heard a rumor of chili and beer at Barrell Springs. On the word “beer,” we packed up and walked five more miles there to find nothing but a spring."
"Description of the course: The first week of the course will be an intensive academic immersion, with structured morning, afternoon and evening classes. During the field study portion of the class in the second week, we will continue to have some formal class sessions each day, but there will also be educational or cultural field activities each day and the class schedules will be more fluid and revolve around these activities. Each day, two student guest bloggers will prepare a journal of the days’ events, which will be distributed to the entire class and also e-mailed home to your families through Duke TIP or posted to a secure website. At the end of the course, all the journal entries will be compiled into an electronic journal chronicling the course."
"Until next time...Happy Crafting!"
"\"Good mooning Moster Futten.\" She has no inflexion in her voice and can't enunciate the words but it will have to do. She pushes the fire exit door and is momentarily blinded by the sunlight as Fitton and the Coroner's voices enter the room. There's a waiting station wagon with 'Coroner' written on the side, \"Ahem\" she growls in a voice that barely resembles hers, turns over the engine and hits the accelerator. She's free. A quick glance in the rear view mirror convinces her that she looks just like everyone else, except for that, and that, and perhaps this . . .still, she's not as bad as she thought."
"Someone who makes their first post two days before a cross country move, that’s who."
"Dontari Poe sealed his #11 selection by the Kansas City Chiefs with a kiss. The bulldozing defensive tackle planted one right on the commisioner’s lips. The Chiefs defensive line needed some juice, and the kiss-happy former Memphis Tiger is the perfect fit."
"It's all good practice for Vineman, though. Who knows what the temperatures will be in mid-July? (Dear self: Do not freak out -- it is still too early for a Vineman panic attack.)"
"Oh I find being a Mom hard sometimes :O) I would not change it for anything!!!"
"oooh! I just love to wake up in the mornings and the first thing i see is her happy, smiling little face. Kinda \"puts the silverlining to the whole day\". I think thats how you say it???lol"
"i think it is a stage. i am fairly certain that other mothers have stressed about their child saying stuff like this and it being misconstrued. and i am sure that i have made it worse by trying to stifle his comments."
"Yugi Goya, 42, Rye, N.Y."
"At first, especially before viewing the Whole Woman DVD, I found the Laselle exerciser more annoying and discouraging than anything else. It seemed like it didn't matter what I did, but the exerciser would not stay positioned and I'd have to reposition it every few minutes."
"Hi everybody. I am participating in a blog tour for six amazing authors! I have read and reviewed one of the six books being showcased here, and absolutely loved it!! I still can't stop talking about it, and I read it a few months ago now. That book was Paradox: The Angels Are Here by Patti Roberts. I have since started to read Tomorrows Child by Starr West, and so far am loving it! The others all sound amazing, and I will be reading them all and reviewing them here on my blog!!"
"Some say it is no mistake that the ad comes in the middle of an emotional debate over immigration reform."
"depicted Obama's stimulus plan as undecipherable signs smeared on"
"Here are the challenges that I conquered today:"
"It happens when I start to channel Charlie Brown's teacher and wah-wah-wah is all she hears."
"PACIFIC TSUNAMI WARNING CENTER/NOAA/NWS"
"They’re presence"
"I'm at a point where I'm asking you to help me. You see I'm committed to being one of those dreamers who do things that matter. I've been accepted to an internship in Belize, which will give me the chance to learn and grow, not only as a Christian, but as someone who cares about our world and our city. I know there are others out there with these same cares. I've seen you and I've met you, and you're what makes this city what it is."
"but that's for another day!"
"Coping with Harassment through the Blog"
"1-Juicing can be done many ways with all different types of produce. My current favorite combo is what I use two to three times per week for this season including things I find at the farmers market. It’s important to understand that using foods out of season will effect your immune system, the ability to acclimate to the seasonal temperatures/climates and overall well being. Shopping at your local farmers markets will assure you have the best quality produce for your body during the current season. My choice for equipment is the Jack LaLanne Juicer…had mine for over 10 years now and it’s still a champ!!!"
"In Defense of Exclusion - Sometimes it's nice to be with people who are like you. It's nice to be around people who get your kink, your fetish - to be somewhere that you don't have to explain it to."
"842 ***D-XI/28/1982. “On Giving Thanks in Dark Times.” Lake Shore Unitarian Universalist Society, Winnetka, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 596-601 (1992).)"
"“Are you single?”"
"It was a difficult decision knowing that I would be putting money out there that we don't have...I think most of ya'll know My hubby is in school and we have been living off our savings for almost a year now. My business helped with the expenses and that was a HUGE blessing :) and I am THRILLED with the way it is coming out!"
"I want to mean that figuratively. I do, but when there is too much noise around me or when all that surrounds me is silence, I might have to mean that literally. And it scares me."
"so I headed down to photograph the Sea."
"P.S. Previously I have translated “Ju bëftë mirë” as Bon Appétit, but the literal translation is “May it nourish you!” So, Ju bëftë mirë!!!"
"Three elements of this case distinguish it from its high-profile criminal counterparts. First, the behavior and statements of the students’ own professors were cited as grounds for a change of venue—an action all but unprecedented in modern American criminal law. Second, blogs have played an important (and, I would argue, helpful) role. Third, the 24-hour cable news networks seized upon the case from the start, and have continued commentary more sporadically thereafter."
"· The Beach Boys"
"Something else also impressed me…."
"When Angels Come to Town ... Hallmark Channel ... 8 AM"
"IT’S been a week of high entertainment on the White, with strong caddis hatches most days and bunches of fish, including plenty of fine browns coming to hand."
"So when we told Kevin we were the Couch to 5K team, what HE HEARD was Couch to Keg. And heck. Who were we to argue with such impeccable logic. We exercise so that we have room in our diet for a couple cocktails. That is just the honest fact of it."
"Jesus is talking to the Pharisees and He is telling them that John testified about Jesus and they listened to John for a while but that even though they studied the scriptures they did not believe in Jesus. Jesus said that they studied the scriptures diligently so that they could have eternal life but they didn’t realize that the scriptures were testifying about Jesus and that the way to have eternal life was through Jesus. They didn’t believe that Jesus was the son of God, the way for them to get life would be to trust in Jesus as their savior."
"Ruth Saberton has written 8 romantic comedy novels in total under the names of Jessie Fox (for Little Black Dress), Ruth Saberton (for Orion) and Georgie Carter (for AVON HarperCollins)."
"The other week Mats and I were out on the town and stopped outside a \"Smart Shop\" to see what sort of mushrooms they had on display, it was the first time we had been approached by a drug dealer in Amsterdam..."
"It also comes in different colors, such as pink, white, black, and teal with brown."
"We have counted all the votes and the entry with the most votes which has won The Sweetness Compeition is"
"Upgrade your thermostat. You don’t need your central air conditioning running all day. You can cycle it on and off and still retain a comfortable working environment. An automated thermostat can take care of that. It also allows you to use less energy while you are away from the house — while still cooling or heating it to a comfortable level before you return."
"\"The ones I'm drinking.\""
"The contention is that much of this “illegal logging” is carried out by the licence holders themselves who want to maximise their profits on the area and avoid tax."
"I did nothing, and just kept driving."
"The devilphone recedes into the darkness. Lebonique puts up an “out of business” sign. A beautiful and fresh message lands gracefully in your inbox."
"Proverbs is known as the book of wisdom. Each verse provides a nugget of knowledge for us to live a successful life. One is our challenge verse today. Proverbs 17:22 says a cheerful heart is good medicine. It really isn't rocket science is it? It has long been documented that a cheerful disposition affects one's overall health. It is easier when we feel good and life is rolling along. We get lulled into thinking that happiness comes through our life's events, a loving husband, good children, a sufficient job. We are thankful for all the good times... but what about the difficult times? How do we maintain that cheerful spirit? People search so many different avenues to achieve happiness. So many think it is only achieved by experiences. However true happiness is a soul thing and cannot be gained by any external blessings."
"1. those of the \"land and bush\"; and"
"Food and Beer Pairing of the Year: Cheese, generally"
"Red war yet redder. Mad as hatters"
"My little owl is from the Hoot and Holler Cricut Lite cartridge and was cut at 3”. I used my Imagine and colors from the Blast Off cartridge to color the layers of my owl. I also cut the hat from the cartridge at 1 3/4” and used patterns and colors from the Blast Off cartridge to color it as well. I adhered my hat to my owl and then put my little owl on an action wobble. He is just too cute."
"Some trees have begun to change colors but our flowers are blooming joyfully still. It will be interesting to see how many more months we have flowers to enjoy. All these flowers were near dead in little pots that the owner of the local hardware store gave me. I stuck them in the ground and they perked up immediately. We thank them every day."
"1 C shredded parmesan"
"I can’t wait to do it again and there is no one to wait for but myself."
"directed by James Burton"
"1 tbsp vinegar"
"The Dovells from West Philadelphia reached Number Two in the fall of 1961 with “Bristol Stomp”: whomping kick drum and snare, ride cymbal, tambourine, one guitar, three doo-wopping Overbrook High grads in back, and the tremendously tremulous white-soul lead vocal of 19 year-old Leonard Borisoff. It’s simple, sloppy, careening and pounding—in other words, Rock and Roll. A few minor hits followed over the next two years, mostly cash-in attempts at exploiting the next teen dance sensation (Jitterbug, The New Continental, Hully Gully, Froog, The Monkey), though outside of Philadelphia, none came close to reaching the heights of “Bristol Stomp.” With one exception."
"The main figure is 2011, with the 2010 figure in brackets. I had a look through the full report to see if there was any reason why support for mission should decline by 20% whilst support for bishops rose 10% at the same time, but couldn't find anything relevant."
"The poster that sits on his dresser is a vintage poster that belonged to my brother. I framed it in a red IKEA frame. The lamp is from IKEA as well, and there are a few treasure boxes. One came from Hong Kong when my brother was there for work, another he made at a pirate party, and another came from Ali's son, Noah. The owl was a gift from my friend Nicole at Home for Hire. I painted it glossy red, because each of my kids needs an owl in their room! And tissues, of course, because it is allergy season."
"Loyiso Nongxa - Vice-Chancellor of WITS,"
"Lydia Estelle Bravo, 50, Dunellen, N.J."
"to begin your day with sunshine inside. Your actions form inside out..."
"All of us can look back and kick ourselves for not doing what we were told. Or on the other hand we can do the same because we did obey the wrong person. We find the same thing in secular history. But today we are looking at some examples in Biblical history, which to me are more profound."
"What I Do"
"I wonder if we will ever get to the point where we just accept each other and really make a concerted effort to get along with each other. We have so much abundance. We have so many resources and we have an incredible amount of ingenuity. Why not use it in a good way?"
"The city’s people are stylish and flirtatious, its architecture seductive, its restaurants and nightlife devoted to the pursuit of pleasure and its streets are scattered with dreams."
"ABOUT the Counter eCrime Operations Summit"
"We slow down to the end of our trip with the final two tracks. “Lilacs from Canada” by Rhubarb Whiskey and “The Last Waltz” by The Magnificent Seven match the pace back to the album’s earlier slower rhythms, with the “Waltz” track being among the best of the slower songs on the compilation. Closing out the journey is Toy Box Trio with their usual ephemeral toy piano tones to bring this strange voyage to a close."
"Anna Dorsett: “The Avengers, while thoroughly entertaining, does not skim over the darker portions of a superhero’s struggle. Dr. Banner, for example, overcomes his inner struggle and finds balance with his human self and super human self with the acceptance and support of the Avengers- he, as a human, found a positive purpose for his destructive power, which he formerly despised. Each character has incredible power, but also a weakness within- some form of humanity that works against them to give the storyline more drama and make the character more relatable. It’s a great thing to watch.”"
"A marked detour will be provided during the ramp closure. Traffic will detour south on Quivira Road, then east on College Boulevard to northbound US-69, then back to eastbound I-435."
"Children of any age respond to the same stuff because children have not, and do not, change. They want fun. They want play. They think falling over is funny."
"I go out every day to get ready. I have no choice but to go out and be hungry, execute and use my talent. Because that’s what I’m up against every time I step on the track. So I guess that’s me because that’s what I have to beat."
"The registration for the class by mail ends on February 15th and the kits will be mailed by February 25th (since after the registration is closed I need to place the order for supplies, receive them, pre-cut them and then mail them to you)"
"Ah, but having said that, is the Cato Institute really worth getting in a froth over? I consulted and wrote for them a few times, back in the last century, before I came to see how shallow was their commitment to Smithian libertarianism or the fundamental goal of encouraging creative competition in society. In fact, parsing down their messages, we find that encouraging creative-competition is the very last thing on their minds."
"Sharon at RSMobley Designs has brand new border strips in this months MAY grab bag too that would be amazing. here"
"I live in Michigan and we usually have had a couple of snow days by now for the kids at school. This year it is strange because we are only hitting the 40s to late 30s when it comes to temps lately....not normal for MI. But as they say, if you don't like the weather here wait 5 min and it will prob change :)"
"♥ to cuddle at bedtime"
"Lois Lane - (\"Crusade\" Season 4, Ep. 1): A slowly developed relationship over the years; from complete strangers to romantic lovers, Lois Lane is a journalist for the Daily Planet. After five years of friendship with Clark, they fall in love and she becomes Clark Kent's fiancee. She first appears in Season 4 \"Crusade,\" when she arrives in Smallville to investigate the death of her cousin Chloe. She meets Clark for the first time when he falls from the sky and is found naked in a corn field. She wraps a red blanket around him (iconic for his future cape) and begins their reltionship. Does their relationship live up to this moment?"
"The Doctor: You tried to destroy an entire world."
"Recipe for Pecan, Orange & Cocoa cookies:"
"Coat has seen it all - been there got the T-shirt if you like. Coat knows me like no other."
"You’ve ruined my life."
"For more tips on how to share your expertise through writing, keep reading…"
"EB: Bloomsbury made you a lovely musical map of the town, which can be seen and heard here - and which also appears in the paperback edition. How concrete a map of the town did you have in your head as you wrote? There’s also a theme of maps in the novel: can you comment on the significance of the fact that Tutt Bevan the Undertaker is looking for a straight line through the"
"It’s not glamorous, but it is worthwhile and rewarding. I have a great deal of flexibility, and I get paid a decent amount of money. Best of all, I actually enjoy what I do. Had I chosen a different path, I might have found myself in a career that did not allow me the happiness, the time with my family or the great work environment I now have."
"To make it I used the following products from Crafter’s Companion:-"
"One problem may be that I’ve had to put this aside for the best part of six weeks whilst I did some remedial work on the novel’s prequel – due out next month. It is easy to forget the details when you’re working with such a multi-layered plot. There’s pressure, anyway. I need to get at least the first draft of this novel finished by September, because then I have to leave the world of futuristic science fiction and plunge into the world of the historical novel. There are, of course, a number of parallels – both include creating another world."
"The Darent Valley Path doglegs to take a southerly course east of the river, but I leave it to continue directly south, alongside grassy meadows beneath a darkening and drizzly sky. In the near distance, over the railway, the hills of the North Downs fade into misty grey. Onto a farm track, further along which the map shows a ‘Monument’ – a typically nondescript, anonymous Ordnance Survey description – which might be worth investigating. I’m expecting a war memorial, perhaps in the form of a stone column, but nothing typically monument-like appears. To my right however, in the corner of the playing field on the edge of Otford, a number of white obelisks, similar to trig points, are scattered across the turf – can this be it? I hop over a stile for a closer look and an interpretation board explains all: this is the Otford Solar System, a 1:4595000000 scale model of our planetary system."
"The study reveals: 1) a model of how consumers relate to celebrities, and therefore how celebrity brands can be shaped; 2) the key payoffs that consumers derived from the three celebrities studied (Shah Rukh Khan, Hrithik Roshan and Akshay Kumar); and 3) kinds of fan relationships."
"Facebook - set up a facebook account and set up a landing page - even set it up to look like your site template. This allows people to \"like\" your business on Facebook thus spreading the word about your business. Give them a reason to like you on Facebook by explaining to them why they should and what benefits they may receive - like discounts, daily tips, DIY articles or notifications of contests and drawings. There are over 750 million Facebook users and it's growing everyday - can you afford to miss this free opportunity to advertise your site?"
"With these trips, I always find myself coming back on the Friday night and, where possible, I prefer to spend the night in Dublin rather than driving down to Nenagh in the dead of night. When I *do* stay in Dublin, it’s at the Bewley’s Airport Hotel. I park the car at the hotel when flying out and, on my return, spend the Friday night in the hotel and drive home on the Saturday morning."
"The Anchorage Police Department has a few new officers on the street, but they’re not the human kind: After graduating from the academy last year, the newest members of the department’s K-9 Unit were introduced to the public Saturday during the annual “Dollars for Dogs” meet-and-greet."
"To the sultry, biding herds, I said,"
"Well, then, the law ought to be changed. It says so much about the arrogance of the state Legislature that it could get away with rewriting New York's Freedom of Information Law so that it was largely exempt from it."
"Do I just continue my quest to be Freshly Pressed and post the pictures I take around my yard like this one I took a couple of days ago? No editing on this required, not one adjustment, nature is beautiful…"
"I've always loved Dove for their wonderful message at building self esteeem in women (Visit their Campaign for Real Beauty here) It's heartwarming when companies come together to help support George Herman House in every way possible, even with some wonderful products to help make the women feel special."
"I want to give a shout out to my pal YGRS, from whom a lovely, handmade Christmas Tree Ornament arrived yesterday. Thanks, YGRS, for sending us such a warm holiday surprise!"
"But the best insight was how to approach my studio."
"i'm in new granny-haven't-been-out-to-lalaland-yet foggyland?"
"6. Using 2 tablespoons for each, divide the veggie mixture among the beef slices. 6. Roll up the beef slices to enclose the filling, tucking in the ends. Secure the rolls with toothpicks."
"Bollock Brothers Harley David (son of a bitch) D"
"For more information please contact Jenny on jphillips@aberdeencity.gov.uk / 01224 611486"
"Reflections from the Saints"
"Ego-separation also creates a sense of incompleteness. Because we’re separate from the world, we’re like fragments which have broken off from the whole, and so feel a sense of insufficiency. There’s a kind of hole inside us which we spend most of our lives trying to fill (but very rarely manage to), like cats who were taken away from their mother at birth and who are always hankering for affection and attention to try to compensate for a sense of lack. Born-again Christians mean something close to this when they say that there is a ‘god-shaped hole’ inside us – although in my view traditional religion can’t fill the hole either, only provide the same (ultimately incomplete) consolation as wealth or success."
"Here's a news flash for you........."
"The preliminary blood work showed that no heart attack enzymes had been secreted so that was good. What was not so good is that his blood pressure had gone up alarmingly. The doctor determined that it would be best to admit Alex and do some testing \"just to be on the safe side\"."
"Baby girl screamed and flung her arms wide; Mason did the breakdance scramble he's perfected. Papa Grey swelled with pride and I recoiled further into the kitchen."
"Merrell: My stomach is getting flat. See?"
"Politically, Bersih 3.0 will reveal whether Malaysia will become more polarised or compromises can be reached. It will either provide momentum for the opposition, or signal an early election by Najib if turnout is low, in which he will win, in part due to the problems engendered in the system."
"Whilst on the subject of empire and colonialism, I have a quick question for the liberal/left: Why is it considered racist to colonise other people’s countries, but also racist to resist the colonisation of one’s own country? If this question can be answered without mentioning self-hatred, anti-white/English hatred or treason, I would love to hear your polite and well argued thoughts…"
"*apparently from Bon Appetit but it was in our CSA newletter - how did they KNOW I would have a glut of acorn squash and apples??"
"Hi everyone! Donna Salazar is having a HUGE GIVEAWAY!!"
"Both teams will play better, that is certain. And when that new hidden level gets introduced, it’s truly winner take all – come hell (blowing the lead) or high water (surging the attack). We can’t blame the victim, the Memph make that old-school big men and inside-out game with pummeling defense, a pleasure to watch. Just one game of many to play. But in the rival adventure-chosen, who looks for the check-mate?"
"This just in (courtesy of Henry Cabot Beck). Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment’s MOD program has announced the latest round of its MGM’s Limited Edition Collection. One of them is Joseph H.Lewis’ The Halliday Brand (1957). This is a picture I haven’t seen in eons. With Lewis and that cast, I’m looking forward to seeing it again."
"I have to note the allegations of racism that have plqued the film over the years. Some have claimed the final, most evil version of gremlins were a negative steretype of blacks. They ate fried chicken, listened to loud music, break danced, and were generally unruly and perverted--all racost stereotypes of blacks. If one is attwempting to see that sort of thing in it, then yes, it looks that way."
"1 notice"
"Odell Brewing Company Imperial Stout"
"This post was inspired by Maxabella, who took the time to throw slings and arrows at my singlets in her post yesterday."
"As a bit of a tech-nerd, the ideas of microblogs and live blogging were not foreign to me."
"I’ve written before about why we’ve seen a rapid acceleration of a longer-term pattern in wage deterioration for ordinary workers and the mirror-image trend among executives. The short story is that this disjuncture is basically cause by a massive and growing inequality of relative power between those who rely solely on labor and those who have access to capital, which has created a maldistribution of income and wealth, which in turns exacerbates this inequality by making the overall health of the economy more and more reliant on credit, which further enhances the value of capital and the likelihood of recessions caused by credit crunches."
"3. Joe is waiting (to the right of this photograph) to be announced."
"The report makes several recommendations including: formation of a citizens commission for oversight of the cruise ship activity, management of cruise ships similar to management of other tourism activity within the city, collection of reasonable fees by the city and continued study of the industry’s impact on the city."
"Let us always remember to look for ways to lift others, never to tear them down, no matter what may have occurred in the past. We all make mistakes, but the only mistake that will really bring us down is holding on to those mistakes."
"How about you? Are you in a between time, too?"
"I have been sending out warning signals"
"Do you get as excited and overwhelmed as we do about yard work? Does it ever get to the point where you feel like you can truly say it is \"finished\" and you get to just sit back and relax in your yard? If not, please, pretty please, just lie to me."
"For an extra entry blog or tweet about this giveaway."
"In her latest post, blogger Elaine Taylor-Klaus talks about how her family was served a gluten-containing meal on Delta airlines that was marked gluten-free. This is the third time that this has happened! Even worse, Delta Airlines places the blame on her."
"pen and diagram in his hands, a smoking volcano,"
"Whichever zodiac sign is rising in the east becomes the “first house.” The next sign is the second house, and so forth. So, if you have Aries rising, then Aries is the first house. The next sign, Taurus is the second house. Gemini is the third house, etc. If Cancer, instead, is rising then Cancer is the first house, Leo the second, Virgo the third, and so on. This is how the “whole-sign house” system works. If you use this simple system with the accurate sidereal zodiac, it works."
"*weeps for Bright Star*"
"Anyone else have an Ereader that you luurve and cannot live without??"
"Thursday March 1st - Founder's Curmudgeon's Better Half & Harvietoun Ola Dubh 18"
"A weekend walk and pub lunch."
"1. Whole seedless watermelons, .99/ea. at Newflower (through 5/12/10)"
"Closing and ending our efforts of the previous cycle is the focus here, as well as moving toward setting our intentions during the coming New Moon, one week from now. When we close and complete, we open ourselves to what will be forthcoming on the next moon cycle, beginning in the deep void of the New and culminating with the Full."
"Without certain breakups, some of us wouldn’t be doing the things we’re doing today. I wouldn’t be writing, working out as much as I do, improving myself as a man. “They said the best way to get over a broken heart was to fall in love again, so I fell in love with myself, the best relationship in my life.” If you’ve been broken hearted, don’t doubt that love will come looking for you again. Just don’t expect it because it doesn’t work that way. Not every experience you have with another man or woman means it will end up in love. Instead keep learning, keep improving yourself in order to be ready when it finds you again."
"I don't begrudge him for this. I just wish he had been honest. No, really--I expected him to be honest."
"I have to admit to you that my blogging brain is still not quite in sync...I woke up this morning with a little writer's block...considered a story post, since haven't done one of those in yonks but I'm just not feeling witty enough at the moment to make it good."
"- Be inspired – The idea for a fantasy novel came to me in the middle of the night and I am dipping in and out of that, as inspiration strikes."
"Combine the ingredients in the bowl of a standing mixer and mix with a spoon till the ingredients are combined."
"Gilmour makes the transition from someone beyond repair to come back to life, only to head straight – to the shining sun in his epic track “coming back to life”. Many would treat it as a weakness without trying to comprehend, without taking the prospective of the other, coupled with the self. When you lose something very close to you, is it possible to go to life as it was before you shared your existence with it? Shutting down the book and try climbing the ladder to the next chapter might be termed as closure, but what happens when even closure isn’t enough?"
"I have used some of that yummy Tim Holtz resist Kraft, lots of ink, glimmermist and glimmerglam to help with the monochromatic theme and, again, I have used the frame from the Sweet Serenity digi kit by Lydell Quinn and Emma Stafrace, just recoloured. So versatile."
"That's the point of this whole post. To tell you what SH likes to do several times a week and to ask if your husbands do this. I am late to the marriage game, so I do not know if this is normal behavior."
"Yep, that's what's a growin' inside my innards. (is that redundant...inside my innards) anyhoo..."
"Huge thanks to all who have read this blog over the past few years."
"*Have I mentioned that I love the feature of a Google search where “define:” is added to a search term and Google finds definitions for the search term?"
"P: my dad's friend's wife (Toni) played soccer with me in the yard"
"He considered that for a moment and then threw her back."
"When I was in the hospital the other week, I was fortunate to have a wonderful woman for a room-mate. She had been widowed for a month and was learning to cope without the man who was the love of her life. The first night all I wanted was to sleep and be left alone. I was in an irritable, beyond words, mood and had no desire to talk to anyone, about anything. From the other bed I heard a question directed at me, in a grief-stricken voice “If you could live your life again, what would you change?” Thru my tormented mind, it was very clear and I voiced it to her, with a calm I didn’t know was there, “I wouldn’t change anything. What I have lived thru has made me the person I am today.” Her response was not totally clear to me, but I know she understood, felt the conviction in my voice and, on some level, agreed."
"Here’s what happened in Chris’s own words:"
"Paeonia officinalis is the species most often seen in gardens and used as an ornamental flower. It reaches heights of 1.5-2 ft (45-60 cm) tall and its subspecies have a remarkable variation of colors. This species produces creeping roots that help to spread the plant."
"Seau played with the Chargers until 2003, played with the Dolphins after that and finished up with the New England Patriots. The stats on him were easy to find after it came out that he was dead by his own hand on Wednesday, that he had 1,526 tackles in his career, and had 561/2 sacks and even intercepted 18 passes."
"Like I said, there was a lot to be annoyed with in Barry MagicPantsCrease’s rumbling, stumbling travesty. That particular thoughtless arrogant statement…I dunno. It really pissed me off for some reason."
"*Salt/Pepper/Cayenne to taste"
"Cue laughter."
"I know your going this isn’t Cha Cha, well I saved the best picture for last. Drum roll please….."
"\"When word and silence become mutually exclusive, communication breaks down, either because it gives rise to confusion or because, on the contrary, it creates an atmosphere of coldness; when they complement one another, however, communication acquires value and meaning.\""
"11) Go to the bathroom. Sit there for three hours. Read yourself fairy tales and nursery rhymes non-stop the whole time."
"The dog had to get in the way ofcourse. When I set up the tripod, she, knowing the drill by now, immediately installed herself at the spot I usually stand. I am not the kind of person who puts clothes on their dog, but she would be a great model, hehe. Anyway: I used the Renfrew again as a sloper and adjusted it to make batwings. The only thing I should've done is a square shoulder adjustment, IF I had known such a thing existed. Tanit Isis just mentioned it and I think that would be a good idea for me too. I wanted to keep it simple but interesting, so I added the buttons at the back. They are functionable, but I don't use them. I actually managed to sew them in evenly spaced intervals this time :). The fabric is sort of a synthetic knit. Not the best fabric there is, but it's good enough for this purpose. The fabric covered buttons come from a second hand jacket my mother was going to give to the thrift store. So to the person who is looking at that jacket now: I'm sorry I ripped off the buttons! They were just destined to be used on this sweater!"
"I left around 11:30 (we got there at 9:00 am!) to get my hair highlighted. I was about 3/4 done getting the foils put in when I get a frantic call from Mr Pug. His task for the day was to take two of our pugs, Dixie and Harley, to the vet so they'd be cleared for boarding while we were gone. (Sophie went a week or two ago.) He went to get gas and while his car was on, he somehow got locked out... with the pugs in the car! He wanted me to come let him in with his spare key (on my keyring.) I tried to explain that I had chemicals in my hair and couldn't leave til they were done. Clearly that didn't make the situation any better. We couldn't find anyone to come pick up my key and bring it to him, so I just took off right after she washed my hair (soaking wet!) to try and help him. By then though, he had a locksmith come and open the door for him. Luckily his car and the pugs are ok, and they made it to the vet. We took some much-needed together time that night."
"I hope you find it useful or at least funny!"
"I recognize that this statement is pragmatic more than it is philosophical, at least in the way I would have imagined writing such a statement as a graduate student or at the beginning of my career. I wonder, in looking over it, to what extent I’m actually falling prey to the functionalism I detest. What I want to communicate is that I see the traditional sense of historical-critical thinking and writing that has formed the core of history education at the collegiate level as still salient. I don’t like notions of “relevance” — ie, that students will only learn or care about things that their 18 or 20 year-old brains perceive of as relevant to their lives. But, what I want is to port those traditional skills, if you will accept the metaphor, to a context that is relevant, ie to the context of the post-industrial world."
"out of the bag. Keep moving. I know"
"When my ex and I got married and had decided to go to Mexico, I wanted to make sure that we had the opportunity to see and do something we not be able to see or do anywhere else. Turns out that the awesome Mayan ruins of Chichen Itza are not far from Cancun, and our day trip there is forever burned into my memory, and the best part of that trip was being able to climb those steep steps all the way to the top of the pyramid there. Looking around at the ruins from the top of it was a memory for the ages."
"Then there is wretching. Damn, my hands are covered in food so I do a quick wash and turn around as N comes in all red and leaning over the tile floor coughing. He is my puker. He pukes if he coughs, when he cries too hard, if he gets something stuck in his throat. I have probably cleaned up 750 piles of puke in the four years since he colored my world (in fact, his sheets were simultaneously being washed from being puked on) and it sucks every time."
"The physical appearance of the creature seems strange, and I will talk only about the body, not the dream casting abilities and the fascination his slumber evokes. Cthulhu is not easily comparable to anything folklore and fantasy fiction has ever produced. My claim which I defend here is that the shape of this creature does not succeed in evoking an alien appearance which Cosmicism promises. To be honest, I would have wished for such a disturbing sight. I cannot bear humans as protagonists in fantastic novels anymore. This misses the point of the Fantastic genre! Is the imagination of post Great War writers clouded? Until now, convincing monsters and alien civilizations have not been well outlayed in fiction or painting. After the time in the trenches, I wish to look at something beyond human understanding. Something familiar to my memories of the Ardennes. It is time to dissect the body of this sleeping half god."
"so i have returned home from an easy day of college with a spring in my step and have dragged a recliner out into my 4 metre square of a city garden, stripped down to a lame american apparel bikini top and some old shorts and withstack of magazines and lee scratch perry blaring from the stereo inside the house, am fully understanding the word \"bliss\"."
"It has been a busy busy week but a good one. I've been learning tons and was even able to see the nutritionist that my Dr referred me too. She is actually the co author of a book call the Insulin-Resistance-Diet."
"3. Taking Care of Myself"
"So, I once again have an event to lose weight for. Sort of, at least. The plan is to take a massive road trip at some point this summer with stops in Tennessee, Wisconsin and New York, as well as wherever else I find intriguing. It’s been far too long since I’ve traveled without purpose and my gypsy roots are calling. That being said, I want to look decent for all the folks I meet on (what I’m calling) My Journey to Wherever."
"This version of events plays into the beliefs of millions of protestors who have called for Zimmerman to be charged with murder for shooting the teen and believe the killing was racially motivated."
"To be in His presence and feel His great work and wisdom flow through me -a flawed human -was a delight unlike anything I could ever hold. And that was because the delight in His guidance was something that more or less held me instead of me holding it. In this moment, I reveled in His presence. And that was the cause."
"R - That's so last century, Howard. Get with the times."
"9. Frozen veggies – Again very nice and convenient to have. All the work is done for me, I don’t have to cut anything, I still have some freedom to spice them and bake them to what I want and it’s an easy way to get your serving of veggies for the day (if you throw them in a soup or casserole)."
"Esky - ice box cooler/ice chest"
"I’m trying my hardest and my very best to be good."
"If we don’t we might as well lay down and die"
"My kind friends at Brenfield Farm and Argyll Trail Riding allowed me to ride their horse Brenfield Alfie in a national TREK Qualifier competition held on their estate last weekend. Alfie and I have been getting to know eachother for some time now and I ride him a few times a week. He's an old chap at 22, but still looking in superb condition. He's a school master who is the perfect confidence builder since he takes such care of whoever is on board. However he knows all the tricks of the trade when it comes to getting his own way and is just a tad lazy!"
"Predictably, all ended up fine. I got to my destination, the university, to meet some friends, was chaperoned out of the bus and only let go after it became clear that I had indeed regained consciousness and knew where I needed to go. Now, several hours later, I sit at an Arab cafe next to the uni, with a milk coffee and a pastry, feeling quite jolly. But something about this experience struck me. Although I had witnessed quite a few wacky things on public transport around the globe before today (including an exhibitionist in France, a tearful break-up in the US and sadistic German bus drivers who close the bus door just in front of your nose after you ran half a mile to make the last bus), but never had I seen what the Transmilenio offered me this morning: an intense loss and subsequent return of human empathy within an hour or so. And I am glad to say that I can count on my fellow Bogotanians. Well… at least the J70 crowd."
"DRB would be able to consolidate and expand its share of Malaysia automotive market with a Proton acquisition, TA Securities’ Ratnam said. DRB manufactures, distributes and assembles a range of vehicles from motorcycles to garbage trucks for brands including Suzuki, Mercedes-Benz and Yamaha. It has eight assembly plants of which four are for cars, including one in Malaysia’s southern Malacca state where Hondas are made."
"Onto things I have to be thankful for, My 1 year wedding Anniversary is in 2 weeks!! I simply cannot believe how fast the time has flown by. I am more in love with Hubs than ever before and our relationship gets better and better with each passing day. Among other things, I never got around to getting our Wedding Album together (pathetic I know) but I finally got the disk from my mom and I reached out to our photographer to set up a time to get things in order-so hopefully I will have something in the works soon.."
"Of course being a birthday celebration our theme this week is Birthday and everyone has joined in. So lots of eye candy for you to have a look at starting here with mine"
"It should be noted that it can be advantageous to take a test on a topic before you read or study the material. Previous Healthymemory Blog Posts on the work by Roediger demonstrate provide evidence for the benefits of this practice (“To Get It Right, Get It Wrong First”, and “The Benefits of Testing”)."
"This year, April 24th was Easter. Unfortunately, we weren't able to make all of our family plans work together, and we spent Saturday and Sunday apart. So we started our celebration on Friday night, and it will be resumed here and there until I feel that we've fully celebrated (prepare yourself Pat!). Every year we go away for a weekend to celebrate, but due to holidays, weddings, bridal showers, bachelor and bachelorette parties, our weekend will be postponed for at least a month (we have one free weekend in the next six weeks and I'm not telling anyone when it is so hopefully no other plans come up!)."
"The baddies steal some device that turns people into brightly colored powder in order to kidnap the United World Organization’s Security Council. Yeah, that’s pretty much it. The movie strings together one chase after another in a series of uneven action sequences."
"Case in point: Just over one year ago in late March 2011, mainstream analysts conjectured about the probability of a Portuguese bailout. Many people had opinions, but no one was talking about the most important indicator, namely that Portugal’s borrowing costs had just crossed a critical threshold. No one, that is, except EWI European market analyst Brian Whitmer."
"And yet God was still able to work. Finally, to my surprise—perhaps like Rhoda when Peter was at the gate—God answered my prayers in a way I had not anticipated: my mom asked me to take her to church—not to my church, but to a church whose advertisement she had just seen in the paper. “Hey, Johnny, isn’t this the man you have mentioned to me before? David Bernard? Here’s an ad for a revival at his church.” “Wow, yes it is! I didn’t know he was in Austin.” “Johnny, will you take me?” The ad said there would be miracles, healings, and the baptism of the Holy Ghost. “I need a miracle,” she said."
"It’s possible to go through life carrying out a range of complex tasks without consciously paying attention to what we’re doing. While it is possible to live that way, you end up missing a lot. We will talk with Harvard professor Ellen Langer, a scholar who has been called the mother of the psychological concept of “mindfulness.” It’s a very simple but powerful idea--that, by paying attention to what we are doing, we will better understand ourselves and others, and in the process live a more full and healthy life."
"So much of our time is spent in front of a computer screen, playing video games, watching TV, or working in a cubicle, and for those who live in some cities, it is often (but not always) impossible to experience the natural world. Yet, as if none of this matters, when a child touches the dirt, chases a butterfly, picks a dandelion, or watches a bird flap around in a tree, her eyes light up – she understands, though in much a transcendental manner, beyond the scope of anything she could possibly comprehend, the fundamental virtue and “rightness” in this interaction with the natural world. When a young boy (this was yours truly) realizes that food comes from plants, and a whole new world opens in front of him, in which “the Outside” means so much more than it did before, something subtle changes in his psyche – one might say, the ball starts a steady roll."
"During the First and Second World Wars, South African soldiers fought for the British, French and American causes, but when South Africa came under attack these same countries turned a blind eye and sided with Soviet supported terrorists, granting vast financial aid to the Marxist revolutionaries who were murdering the citizens of South Africa. Stories of the Border War as well as various accounts of betrayal and deceit have been well documented, but few online publications have given such a brilliant condensed report of the betrayal as the article called, \"The Battle for South Africa” compiled by Dr Peter Hammond. Do yourself a favour and read this short and excellent essay."
"4 potential"
"I went shopping after work with Lesley on Friday night. We hit the local Women in Need store, then went to Dots (I had a gift card from my Winesday gals!). I got this cute top at the WIN store: It's got that nice rock & roll vibe that I like. I'm wearing a wine-coloured cami underneath it, since it's quite sheer and the neckline is on the cleavage-y side."
"I have found in most cases the easiest and quickest way for a man to gauge a woman’s interest is in how she responds to his flirts or playful flirty banter and eye contact. Some of the best guys know how to do this very quickly and take it from there. Whether you just met the woman or have known her this IMO is the best way to gauge interest and whether the door is open for you to move it to the next step."
"c) Make sure the grates are clean and brushed with oil before the peaches go on, this keeps them from sticking."
"The Kennedys and Lyndon Johnson were having a sub rosa fight: Jack and Robert Kennedy brought knives to the battle and Lyndon Johnson brought guns and it was settled on 11/22/63 at 12:30 PM in Dallas."
"Paul was now becoming even more of an enigma to Lysius, the chief captain. He spoke Greek, and then Hebrew thus identifying himself with the Jewish people. Now, he is Roman as well. Where will the puzzle end? All he is doing is to find out the cause for the great disturbance among the Jews in Jerusalem. I wonder if he would understand, even if he were told."
"Jingle Out!"
"I think this is the first time anyone has taken advantage of the rapid turnaround time possible on the Kindle and the monthly direct-deposit of royalty payments to raise money for a major charitable enterprise. This actually probably wouldn't have been possible before the advent of the ebook. (We're exclusive to Amazon only because of their payment policies, which are prompt and automatic, freeing up money as it's needed, not at the end of various bookkeeping quarters.)"
" Map of downtown merchants, list of names, addresses & hours is included so you have everything at your fingertips to shop & buy local!"
"seam binding a bit longer than your seam (to account for any measurement mistakes – you will not want to unpick your stitches once you have completed a long seam, and it is always better to have a little too much than not enough, right?)."
"got… wrong!!"
"Integrating conclusions into belief"
"As some of you may have noticed, the posting on my blog has been very sporadic over the last couple of weeks. There is a very good reason behind it that I am not really wanting to get into at the moment. But I will say that my physical health and well being is not the reason, nor of anyone I love. With that being said, I am going to have to take a hiatus from blogging for a little while to get my mind wrapped around my new issues. I will continue posting on Fridays with The Best Topps Set Countdown because I do not believe in leaving things unfinished, just in case."
"My room is definitely not finished, even"
"Size: 73 Mb"
"Fact is More Horrible than Drama"
"Black Felt"
"Undeterred yet solemn still, the party set out across the Ashen Wastes–their efforts in the precluding weeks having eliminated several of the recurring threats of the environs. Apart from a bout of acid rains, their journey was uneventful–and soon enough the party had arrived before an immense spread of nearly jungle-like vegetation in the middle of the wasteland. Upon the wall of living hedges were fastened the polished skulls of numerous demons–a daunting and foreboding sight."
"Bilukidi is another intriguing yet raw prospect. He’s big (6’4”, 311 lbs.) and fast (5.05 40-yard dash time). Bilukidi started 10 of 11 games for the new-to-Division I Panthers, where he had 38 tackles, 9 for a loss, and 5 sacks."
"This shows that the industry does have some sort of a code of ethics, no matter how vague. But many consider this irrelevant, stating that the act of advertising is inherently bad. Usually, the argument is that it makes people buy things they don't really need. That, left to themselves, without the influence of advertising, they wouldn't have bought it. \"Mindless consumerism,\" it's called. The question is, who is to decide what people need, and what they don't? Besides food, clothing, shelter, and basic healthcare, what do people really need?"
"“Are you saying I’m too messed up to ride with?”"
"My life is a wonderful gift from GOD! I choose to live it honorably. I choose to love fully, expanding imposed limitations. I Love my life! I cherish my life!"
"Grammar: A wise old owl once told me to start grammar in third grade. Honestly, there's enough going on in the earlier years with learning just the basics of reading and writing. Oh sure, I probably doled out little grammar bits here and there, but nothing substantial. I use the Daily Grams and Easy Grammar workbooks, which I've found to be quick and easy for my kids to do on their own. They're also effective--there is that. For learning parts of speech, I pull out our Mad Libs books. How else would we learn that \"fart\" can be both a noun and a verb?"
"Ok, can I just say that I CANNOT believe it's already February (almost) and spring semester is already like 3 weeks in. I know I always say how fast time goes by in my posts....but for real, I am trippin out!!!! So I finally have my emploi du temps all figured out. You may think registering for classes would be slightly easier second semester, since I did it before. No. Pas du tout. It was an excruciating process filled with hours of waiting, confusion, uncertainty and being made fun of for my terrible accent. Ok, maybe I'm exaggerating a little- it wasn't thaaaat bad. I made it out alive! But the disorganization of French...everything...never ceases to amaze me."
"This approach comes right out of Securimages examples. First we create a div tag to hold our security elements. Within these we place the definition of the image we will present to the user. Within this image will be a series of random letters and numbers (6 is default). The ‘src’ tag has an embedded PHP tag that echos a PHP variable ($path). This is the path to the securimage_show.php file. The path was set in our Controller file (index.php) like this:"
"I guess my basic fear is that I would waste my life. I believe God entrusts us with certain gifts and abilities and we are expected to use those gifts for a redemptive purpose in a broken world. What if there were a wealthy land-owner in Burundi, a country plagued by poverty, who just reaped a massive harvest. He had all this food to do whatever he wanted with. And as he sat in his home he could not figure out what to do with it until he came up with a brilliant idea. He would build many barns and store his food in the barns. What would we say of such a man? We would think him horrible, greedy, and, basically, worthless. Yet don’t we do this very thing with our lives? In this very city there are organizations that could serve the marginalized, oppressed, and impoverished in such dynamic ways, if only they had the volunteers to do it."
"The following isn’t a “read” but it is definitely a MUST watch and a MUST listen. The good folks at HistoryMaker’s have put together another very powerful video on the need for missions. Lecrae uses a quote at the end of the video taken from the first page of John Piper’s book on missions, which says, “Missions exists because worship doesn’t.” Great video. Enjoy…"
"The log-percentage scale adds clarity to the presentation of data."
"Newt Exhibit C: Wife #3, still healthy and Tiffany’s diamond-wearing, and do not tell me he’s not panting after other women because he’s, like, grown a conscience. Getouttahere! He’s 68 years old. He’s kept on a tight rein by Callista, who is as Machiavellian as he. He’s pretending to be a man who retains it is his trousers."
"The warning came as the two Middle East leaders met in Egypt's Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh to discuss the stalled peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians."
"I miss those days when I was more involved with collaborative projects. That group was the best. They made me try harder. I went through a lot of self exploration on those pages. It was frustrating because for some odd reason I thought I had to make art in the style of the artist who I was working on. Once I gained a little more self confidence in my own style and realized that they want MY art and not a reproductions of their own, something clicked with me that still remains an important lesson."
"And for anyone writing fantasy for kids, I would like to recommend:"
"We’ll be talking about one of my favorite places: the Japan pavilion in Epcot’s World Showcase – and let’s start by going back a few weeks when some walls actually came down…"
"Shep Rogers stepped up to the mike with a pretty cheap, beat looking guitar that might have been missing a string or two."
"Some would say the fact it is also April Fool's Day could not be more appropriate, but there's no need for us to dwell on that."
"I'm sitting here watching this crap and I keep hearing all of these complete idiots talk about their \"experience\" with the quake up here, and these an't even a joke:"
"And he did turn out kinda cute..."
"cubes, this sized cube works best for drinks that will be consumed within 30"
"The genus name, Pedicularis, means little louse. It was once thought that animals feeding on this plant would become infected with these pests. Wort comes from the old English word meaning flower, giving us lousewort."
"Logan Keslar, a Houston native, is in the touring cast and performed in the Tony-winning Broadway production."
"“Prices will vary depending on the way in which you give us your typescript or computer files.”"
"Are you sick of these yet? I must say, I think I've seen my fill of of this collection (blog wise). That is one thing that kind of irks me about the whole polish racquet. By the time us regular, non-press-sample receiving bloggers get our hands on a collection, it's old news and everyone has seen the swatches a thousand times over. Oh, well. You're seeing them again. That mini-rant aside, I do love this collection. I was not a Harry Potter freak ( I read the first book, saw two of the movies and that's it), nor have I been a fan of any other series (Lord of the Rings, Twilight.... whatever) but I do love me some Hunger Games. I read the books around the Christmas season not expecting to be blown away, but three days later and all three books finished, I was a convert."
"The title:"
"I am from Bellingham, Washington, which is only about 1.5-2 hours north of Seattle. When I came back from Costa Rica I came back to my parents house. I had moved all my belongings back in with my parents before I left, since my lease at my apartment of two years expired a week after I left. And I wasn’t coming back to Seattle as a UW student, but as a graduate. I came home to realize how much I missed Seattle, to realize how much I had missed my friends and family, and how connected I really was to where I spent most of my life. I had a similar experience when I left for a month to go to Europe my senior year of high school- you learn to value what you have when you leave, especially when you come home. Now that I am back I am planning a return trip to Monteverde for an uncertain amount of time, but after that I am looking at a potential for National Parks job seasonally in Alaska. However, I am also starting to look into NGO jobs that would be more permanent. It is difficult not to have lag time in between school and the rest of your life when you spend your last school term abroad, still unsure of both what you want and what your options are. Ultimately, my point is that I said good bye to everyone before I left for Costa Rica knowing it wouldn’t be the same when I came back. I was right and wrong at the same time. Right in that it is certainly not since I spend most of my time in another town and come to Seattle as a visitor, however most friendships were similar when I came back. While I don’t endorse making such big decisions based on your friends and where they are- I would offer that it is important to be aware that after college ends keeping friendships is a choice and cannot be passive or they drift away. It shouldn’t change the choice of studying abroad, but perhaps how you plan before leaving and when you return."
"How do you tell someone to kindly fuck off?"
"I nodded. “What about Jaejoong hyung and Yoochun, hyung? Are they shooting their own scene too?” I asked."
"03-Tell Me What to Call This"
"I blush “Who… let me guess Fishy?” He nods"
"When I had the regular job I had 4 times as much money. Yikes."
"29th: 무적자 (Moo-jeok-ja/A Better Tomorrow, 2010) + Q&A with director"
"“After more than forty years in the publishing trade, our founder established Janus Publishing Company in 1991. We currently publish more than forty titles a year, many by previously unpublished authors.”"
"Signature cake (it features nuts as a layer; you can choose pecans, macadamia nuts, etc.)"
"So what stated out as a near disaster turns out to be only a minor irritation due to the help of my awesome co-teacher and and a landlord who either felt sorry for me or is simply an overachieving neat freak."
"4.Did you take any lessons when you were a kid?"
"Marrowbones is the story of Nora, a young girl who gets a job working at her werewolf uncle's inn in a haunted swamp. Each issue will be a stand alone story or stories about Nora and her friends. The comic is 46 pages long with comics, maps and drawings. If you like Tim Burton, ghost stories, Mike Mignola, Neil Gaiman's Coraline and The Graveyard Book, Hammer films, Vincent Price and other weird, fun, spooky things you may like this comic."
"Nowadays, people visit these temples often as a kind of hiking entertainment or stamp ralley, but it never lost in its popularity."
"I have this weird ability to remember the lyrics of any song after hearing it once. I was a Gleek-type kid in high school, so I know almost every Broadway musical score written from the 1930s into the 1980s and any Top 20 song, any year. I wish I'd lived in Cole Porter’s Paris apartment about 1918."
"Stamps: mums2stamp, pattern2stamp and tinyphrases2stamp by The Stamps Of Life"
"When my grandmother and her family came to America in 1913, they brought with them what would become a tradition of \"backyard farming\" -- chickens, fruit trees, a few pigs, and tomatoes. They made their own pork sausage in the basement, dried tomato paste on their tin roof, and the canned tomato sauce to last the winter. My \"big nana\" (great grandmother) never learned to speak English, unlike her children who Americanized as quickly as possible, but she spoke to me through food every time I sat in her kitchen during summer visits to Pennsylvania. I guess this is where my farming heritage comes from ... it's the only explanation I have for the goats in my backyard, tomato seedlings in my kitchen window, and chickens pecking in a side yard coop!"
"Here is my day:"
"Following the JCA Secret Samurai, I had a Secret Santa the same week for my fellowship. I took it upon myself to plan and run the entire exchange this year, using the super-useful Elfster website. It lets you plug everyone’s emails in, sends them invites, and does all the work of drawing names for you. Also, you can ask anonymous questions to your giftee to get a better idea of what they’d want. Last year, I actually got Pastor Eddie as my person, and decided to get him some nice teas from a local place called Tealuxe. Due to the success of that plan last year, I tried to repeat it again this year for my giftee, but my question through Elfster didn’t go too well."
"The next pair was, for most of us, the most demonstrably different: hops from the same farm (Misselhardt), but from Day 1 of the harvest and Day 4 of what Ludwig told us was usually a 12 day process. Day 1 had a beautifully fresh aroma, a bit on the sweet side, where Day 4 had a distinctly lemony catch to it. Very interesting; the two fields harvested were separated by 200 meters of altitude as well. There was clearly something at work here."
"Me: Five."
"This afternoon has been spent like yesterdays - watching the rugby, drinking tea and finishing off a crochet make or two."
"We played together from there on out."
"The ratio of salt to water might vary depending on how much water it will take to cover the poultry. That is why there is a differential in amounts. Whole chickens will require more than cut-up or quarter pieces and a turkey might require doubling the recipe."
"I have been admiring many scrap spaces all over the internet and since I am getting ready to redecorate my space the inspiration has been a great help. Here is my space now."
"When Greg was alone once more, however, it was not his would-be fiancé who occupied his thoughts, but the unknown woman whose corpse had been so savagely mutilated."
"Oct-24 Boston, MA TD Garden On Sale Fri. Apr. 27"
"And Ethan asked, “Are we off the beaten track now?”"
"Email: presidencia@morelia.gob.mx, fvallejo@morelia.gob.mx, yupicatca@yahoo.ca, protest@3dayz.com"
"So much for being a genius."
"Uncle Pat and Mr. Margie get on board the magic carpet, while the musicians strike up just before we lit the candles at dusk."
"So listen to them. I wish with all my heart that I had listened to Julie that day."
"giving man much hope and faith in the future."
"***If you can help spread the word on your own blogs...please feel free to do so!!"
"This post consists of some random photos taken during my second visit there (girls' trip post will have to wait) on my birthday."
"This is me."
"But I couldn’t help but wonder how many people today, both men and women, could identify with that ad? How many wish they had a faithful woman or a faithful man, a faithful wife or husband, even a faithful friend to come alongside them – to stand with them in difficult times."
"I don't often look at the stats for this blog but the new layout enables me to see them each time I log on and I am quite amazed to see nearly 38.000 page views."
"I now attract incredible opportunities to increase my wealth and my life."
"that grieving has no time frame."
"Cassandra’s Dream (Philip Glass)"
"Thanks, everybody!"
"They said this is the last sale until spring 2012!"
"If you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything."
"In 2008 the so-called ‘superdump’ covered an area of 926sq m. The mountain of waste was removed at a cost of £300,000 in February 2010."
"This tiny new basal break on ‘Leonie Lamesch’ didn’t get zapped, but a second look reveals that the deadly menace has chewed off the basal break that I was so excited about only a couple of days ago. I’m going to find a way to stop these tree-rats… if it kills me!"
"of the lone rhinoceros"
"10 - Danger Money"
"The figures tabled in the House of Commons show the Canada Border Services Agency spent $22-million on the arrival of the MV Sun Sea, while the cost to the RCMP was $2.1-million. An extra $900,000 was allotted to the Immigration and Refugee Board."
"He says that the old imperative for an \"integration\" of the book and music is really a red herring, and that \"coherence\" is a better suited term for the form."
"8.) The Silver Chair (UK, 1990)"
"Yesterday (Monday, April 30th) started bright and early again because we had our consulate appointment at 8:30. Brielle was dressed in her red, white, and blue- It was just a chance that I packed that dress, but when I realized it, I decided to save it for the CA. :) At the US consulate, we took an oath stating all of our paperwork was true and accurate. We handed a bunch of papers over to a guy behind a glass window…and then I could tell there was a problem. From the notary in Nanchang, we received several documents, one of which is the abandonment certificate. Evidently, it has to plainly state that an investigation was done looking for her birth family for 60 days or more. Ours stated an investigation was done, but it didn’t specify the amount of time. Our guide said some of the consulate officers are just pickier about certain things and we happened to get a guy who was picky about this. Thankfully, we had a copy of her finding ad, showing it ran for 2 months, so the consulate was ok with that. Yeah! This means we can pick up her passport with the visa in it tomorrow. Typically, we would have been able to pick it up today—which means we could have left a day sooner—but today is a holiday in China so we have to wait until Wed."
"Best Picture: I said Hugo. The real winner: The Artist."
"She made this astonishing comment about the moving performance of this Filipino-Mexican breed of culture and geniality. Lopez commented,"
"She is the one I know she too is real in hyphenations within time"
"You do bring"
"Of course popping to see my grandparents was never a problem. The number of times as a really young child of 6 or 7 that I used to disappear from home or even school at lunchtime and turn up at my grandparents house was incredible. It was more remarkable because from where we lived at the time to get to their house I had to walk over a mile and cross at least one major road. I got into so much trouble for my little escapes."
"“Seven it is.”"
"50 ml (1/4 cup) of lukewarm milk"
"ELECTRONIC"
"Do we feed the poor to alleviate their needs or do we feed to poor to feel good about ourselves? Do we help people simply to give them a boost in life or do we help them so we may feel like we’re generous people?"
"Online search and marketing business is a highly successful business globally. In India its still to be structured more. Currently its a 100 million dollar market and growing at 33% YoY. There, hence is a sizeable opportunity for the Indian companies."
"Our sponsor this week is"
"For nonfiction, you can limit it to the next self-help nonfiction work appropriate for XYZ line."
"You will need your finished molds."
"Nora's soil, the water she drank, the air she inhaled, it was all polluted. And while she and I grew up with the same conditions, more or less, I had a higher tolerance, natural immunities against the environment that tried so hard to twist our growth to its own malign purpose. But not Nora. She was always susceptible. She was weak."
"I've blogged about thsi book before in my Bologna report and now I have a copy of my own, with an English translation."
"The children look up at their father"
"A Brit, a Frenchman, and a Russian are viewing a painting of Adam and Eve frolicking in the Garden of Eden."
"protecting their spawn, and yet would leave our own to die in the gutter. Intra urinas et faeces are you aborted. Look. Darwinian bankster zero sum gaming Malthusianism, the devil’s light giving hand job knob, a great big cock up round which we are supposed to gather. A bit of advice lads, go spend your effort on those who will die and stop trying to function in the attention economy’s alter space, for you will be culled once your usefulness to the moneyreligiokriminals is over. Become human not a hearder."
"My son’s paintings were an eclectic mix of what I’d call Southern Pop art. Each of his paintings were on giant canvases, including his surprise for my brothers and me – a four by three foot interpretation of our LA 31 Biere label."
"The house we're blessed with is a nice Cape Cod style home with an attached garage, but no basement. When we purchased it from the previous owners, it had two bedrooms and two full bathrooms down stairs along with two bedrooms, a \"bonus\" room, and an unfinished bathroom upstairs. With just the three of us, the gals and I decided we didn't need to finish the third bathroom upstairs... hmmm, what to do with that eight by nine foot room? Why that could be our gun room."
"crafts and me stamp - red riding hood"
"Rogue's Winter Seasonal Brew. Although I do fancy the label on Santa's Private Reserve, I think that maybe Santa should keep his beer reserves to himself. It is a little overbearing with the cinnamon and spices which keeps me from enjoying this Ale. Maybe I just had high hopes since I enjoy the Dead Guy Ale so much. But to be fair I honestly shouldn't have gone in thinking it would be nearly the quality of a beer that is produced 12 months a year. There are plenty of better winter ales out there (see any of the Samuel Adams brews) that I would recommend over this one."
"Especially since the song itself wasn’t a Foxtrot."
"By now the evening was almost dark. The house had descended into shadow and seemed profoundly empty. It no longer smelt like home but like the dust that settles on the top of an old box. It was a place of sadness and pain; a place where a man sat who had lost his children and didn't know what to do. A place where the owner didn't want to live there anymore. I let the letter box fall down and looked at Dan. “Come on, lets get outta here.” I said dejectedly, and without speaking a word of what we had seen we ran off and caught the bus back home."
"The commissioned painting that would have hung in the entrance and greeted our guests as they arrived is no where to be seen, despite having been commissioned in August with many assurances from the artist that it absolutely would be ready for Christmas. But as our guests are no longer coming through the front door, I don't suppose that one matters anymore, anyway."
"Taxi violence broke out again during the inquiry. A man was shot and killed by unknown gunmen. No one was willing to talk about the the killings. Perpetrators are rarely arrested because people refuse to come forward with information. The inquiry failed to solve the problems and the violence continued. A similar inquiry was established in Johannesburg and KwaZulu-Natal but nothing came of it."
"I’m 34 years old. It’s been 23 years since my grandfather died, since I saw my father cry and when I first realized the importance of outside role models and teachers. I didn’t always show it, but that sting in my stomach never went away when I played for Coach. My attitude got worse, he stayed the same and it would be years until I would fully realize his role in my inner development. Sometimes I wish I had understood the importance of learning lessons as an eleven year old, but only a few get to hear the echoes of those lessons decades later. Fewer actually listen. I can still hear that afternoon quite well. Sitting with me beside that tree are my father, my grandfather and my baseball coach. Call it an omni present pre-game pep talk."
"2) The two Seals were introduced by Freemasons, in 1782"
"Sunday: Leftovers"
"This is really where the problem lies, in my opinion. If everyone ate at least 5 serves of vegetables a day, you’d be fine and dandy. The Australian government have actually done a great job with their ‘Go for 2 and 5 campaign’ – 2 serves of fruit and 5 serves of vegetables a day."
"worked hard to keep. What’s familiar here?"
"Retired manager Keith Brown, of Selsdon in Surrey, has found a novel way of escaping family tension by building a four-storey pirate-themed cave in his garden which includes a bar, dance floor, electric drawbridge, crow's nest and working cannons. More"
"The objections against Nikola Ivanovski, former judge at the lower instance court, centre on the fact that he previously failed to be re-elected by the judicial council, which complained of poor work."
"I went to get some new cosmetics today at Donki.(Please don't ask me how many times I go there...??lol) I will update about those things soon."
"A few more things about Brycen:"
"The result, I predict, will be a humanitarian catastrophe that makes Somalia look like a picnic. It’s not surprising that the Egyptian mob might attack the Israeli embassy. The Egyptian street has nothing to do but rise up against perceived oppressors, because nothing good awaits them; and the desperation that will follow the collapse of the Arab “Spring” threatens every Middle Eastern regime, such that the rulers have to try to get out in front of the rage. But what will they actually do? The Egyptian military is hanging onto power by its fingernails. If it attacks Israel, it will lose, and generals will be hanged from lamp posts. The Syrian military is too busy killing protesters to attack Israel, or to assist Hezbollah in a confrontation with Israel."
"Of course I am not suggesting there will suddenly be a drought of children's books. There are always new writers and there are always people (me! here I am!) who want to write. But advances are going down, and I do worry children's writing might become something that only the people who sell shedloads or who are lucky enough to do because they are already wealthy are able to do....."
"We strongly encourage persons of all racial/ethnic backgrounds and abilities to apply."
"People I'm tagging."
"Moving on to the reception: average cost for beverages (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) can cost up to $3377, where as ours only cost $700, and lasted the whole weekend. Average cost of meals is over $5000, but the average reception venue is around $700."
"If you have found your way here, you are following Erica's 100 Cartridge Blog Hop from mycricutcraftroom.com. Today is day two of the 100 Cartridge Blog Hop! You should have come here from http://mycricutcraftroom.blogspot.com/"
"D. passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Act."
"The marble pillars adorned with"
"Hat - Cricut Wrap it Up cartridge"
"Rosanna"
"The case for active management"
"This is the laptop I crocheted for his netbook. It has a 10\" screen and I thought this came out really well, even better than the one I made for myself months ago. Maybe I should start making more of these? I used half cotton and half acrylic for this. First in a cream and white mix, then in a blue and white mix."
"I've always been attracted to the black panther. Significantly, I've been allergic to cats all my life, no matter that I've taken two sets of allergy shots with 'cat' included in the serum. I'm better than I used to be with them, but there's no pet cats in my future I'm afraid. That tells me how strong the cat totem is for me. I have several panther prints and statues, including a little one by my bed."
"“We therefore encourage"
"In recent years, although overall alcohol consumption has been falling in Britain, at the same time we have become more disapproving and censorious about it, so the association with irresponsible and uninhibited behaviour has if anything increased, resulting in lurid exposés like this in the Daily Mail. Perhaps if we were more accepting of moderate drinking in an everyday social context we would have a more mature and relaxed attitude to alcohol in general. Fat chance of that happening then."
"Fluffy Sheep Quilting has lots of little things that make life shopping online easier. In the top right hand corner you can click on your choice of currencies - Euros, Sterling, or US dollars. You can search for fabric in a myriad of ways - colour, type, collection, manufacturer, etc. She has a wishlist set up so that you can play at shopping but not forget what you really wanted for when the money is available."
"This is an absolutely standard Ashford wheel, which means that spare bobbins should be easy to come by."
"If you ask me, it always will be."
"Fruit: One serve of fruit is 150 grams of fresh fruit or:"
"What one doesn't realize going into a tome like this is that you can't actually begin the cooking process for about a week after you purchase the book. There is a lot of background on the kinds of wines and butters and cookware you'll need before you even begin. Then there is a lot of shopping."
"Chocolate tour by Paris Walks"
"Contact: Helene, 06 36 20 36 86, feltgoood(at)hotmail.com"
"If you are not sure if your community, locale, area, county or state prohibits adult material,"
"I feel like so much weight has been lifted off of my shoulders. For the longest time I felt like there was a piece missing in my life because I had lost contact with Josh and Nathan. I felt a little empty. This week has completely turned that around for me. I am so happy to have found them again and I can't wait for the day that we get to reunite in person. I love those guys so much! All four of these people are some of the greatest friends ever. It's amazing how you can go so long without seeing someone then it all comes flying back once you reconnect. I feel so blessed! What an amazing week."
"10% off every game."
"Sometimes I stamp and color an image just for practice that I have no intention of using. But then when I'm done, I like it and I want to die cut it but how do I line it up?"
"Some men just want to get the poon, strap up the pants and bounce. For some it’s a conquest and I can say from experience as soon as the sex is over, we will LOSE interest. Women you know how you hate when a man makes himself “too available.” It’s the same paradigm, the only value we have for you is external. This just doesn’t stem from guy to guy, we’re built to think this way. Example, I had sex with a woman 30-45mins after meeting her in the bar. Afterwards, I couldn’t even look her in the eye. I didn’t want to talk or even touch her again. It was just all “too easy” to obtain, so mentally I completely disconnected from her all together. Ever wonder why he doesn’t call or text back.. He has no VALUE for you."
"Some of this was achieved, and seeing a character like Anita in a drawing allows the reader to better grasp her size and power, for she most assuredly does not have a typical female form. Seeing the capsule was also illuminating, as were some of the action scenes. My main regret soon became not having more drawings done for each Chapter, but my resources were limited and the artist was hard-pressed due to time-constraints. Book 1 alone consumed 58 drawings spread over fifteen chapters and many more could have been used."
"The Maya were like the Sumerians, the ancient Egyptians, and Judaic, Norse and Hindu traditions in their view of time. Their calendars were less a method of calculating days, moons and years, more a way of watching the movement of Creation. It was the Gregorian calendar of Roman Catholicism’s Pope Gregory XIII which in 1582 set us calculating by the sun, and which ultimately fixed our view of the Cosmos as a giant timepiece."
"All this rambling is to say that I have let the house run away without me. I have no control over the contents. The S.T.U.F.F. (from Flylady: Stuff That Undermines Family Fun) has taken over, multiplied like so many bunnies, and I am feeling crushed."
"and give us wisdom to live in harmony"
"-Michel de Montaigne"
"These beauties were donated by fellow artisan Melinda Orr. Many of you know Melinda, I'm sure. If you don't, however, getting to know her will be how these Turtle/Cross copper/patina earrings ($30 value) can be yours. Melinda can be found at numerous spots on the web."
"Esme has changed a great deal this past year - she's become such a little girl. Or should I say 'tom-girl'? I've never known another kid who can create such a mess as her - the second she puts her clothes on in the morning she is filthy dirty!! She has such a strong personality these days and is very definate with what she wants (which leads to lots of clashes between her and Jacob!) She's very much the chatterbox - some days it's hard to get a word in! Esme starts little Kinder next year which she has been eagerly waiting for all this year (it's hard to get her to leave when we drop Jacob off these days)."
"\"I find that the sea inspires me. It levels me...it pulls me in and it drags deep on my soul."
"Mahabharat offers a variety of characters whom we in this present world could relate to and I would be trying to give my own understanding of the characters as time goes on, hoping to find some answers myself too in the process. Additional to that I can say Business Sutra reignited my interest for it providing a different perspective and a deep insight into Mahabharat. I enjoy the Business Sutra very much started on CNBCTV18 in which Devdutt Pattanaik talks about mythology. I can honestly say that it is a delightful experience listening to him. I have rarely seen someone describe and enlighten people about Indian manuscripts and old age text like he does and use it in terms of management."
"I’m not usually the type to discuss my body with others, especially online. When it comes to being a woman, there is a sort of comradery that we enjoy. We talk about sex, food, and things that happen to our bodies with great candor, because we can all relate somehow. Women take care of each other and share with one another. So I’m going to share my story about the havoc that my body has wreaked on me starting last night…"
"It is accepted wisdom that al-Qa’ida’s core leadership has been decimated by the drone strikes, and now spends much of its energy avoiding detection rather than plotting new attacks."
"But in the end, both holidays encourage day drinking and some form of costume (faux staches, sombreros on one side, bow ties, pastels and big floppy hats on the other). So, while this is technically a cinco post, you might see a few derby deals sneak their way in because, ultimately, our goal is to get your drunk+fat, regardless of which event you chose to celebrate."
"Please ignore the dirty stove. I'm a new mom."
"5. Tag eleven people and link them on your post."
"But truly I feel like running off to Paris, rushing down a street in the chill wind, walking through a great and engulfing art museum of gilded frames and grappling beauties. Sitting on a bench in a vault of light."
"With this the boy’s father was speechless. Then his son added, \"Thanks dad for showing me how poor we are.\""
"I hope you guys liked this post and I like sharing things like this with you all :)"
"met quite by chance"
"Any other fans out there?"
"oddly enough the one with the best body is the one i'm most embarrassed about. john cena. yes...of the wrestling ring. my son watches wrestling. it's worse than reality tv in my book. BUT...oh.my.lord. this boy has an amazing body. do you SEE those abs?"
"anyway, after watching the video, i felt very low about myself."
"Which all means there was certainly no diplomatic need for Britain to mark Zuma's installation in power last year. During almost 60 years on the throne, the Queen has learned she broadly has to do what the Foreign Office tells her, so she throws open Buckingham Palace and pins medals on the chest of any murderous dictator the government wishes to suck up to."
"I know that moving to a foreign country is completely overwhelming and takes a lot out of you. I expected obstacles and barriers, even though I am fluent in German, very familiar with the culture, and completely open to learning new ways. What I didn’t expect is that my job would try so hard as it did to screw me over."
"I’m plastic"
"The important thing is that they haven't taken you to a horrible, disgusting, filthy place, full of pestilence, famine and disease. It's just a different place."
"Normally, I would try again, as I did with the lime chiffon cake. However, this cake tasted a bit like cardboard and was DEFINITELY not worth the ingredients the first time, let alone a second time."
"So my blog has been on hold a bit..."
"You may have noticed that my posting pace has slowed down a bit this week. I've had an issue with my hip joint that escalated for the past 7 months. I've spent that time working through various therapies and treatments. Unfortunately they didn't work. It reached the point that I had to have some major surgery done to repair the problems. Happily, I've made it through the surgery and I'm now home starting my long road to recovery!"
"us powerful and favored. Almost"
"I love to get my \"we will not be moved\" swerve on."
"Goodness...so many things come to mind!!"
"For the Lord our God is able"
"Ghiradelli Gourmet Milk Chocolate Bar: Score! Chocolate is fabulous and free chocolate is even better! Ghiradelli makes my favorite white chocolate-I like it even more than Godiva! Since I’m a white chocolate person, I gave this bar to my husband to try out. He also loves Ghiradelli and said this was a very sweet chocolate bar without being too sweet. Two thumbs up on this one!"
"When joining an airline or air taxi, flying passengers around, the airline will carry out checks of your ability as often as they deem necessary, you will always have your Instrument Rating to renew every year however, they will want to ensure that you are up to scratch on your normal and emergency procedures. Most often than not the airlines set these tests every 6 months for the company required checks however the IR is a yearly requirement."
"or played the Moonlight Sonata"
"Where it never was."
"MAC Fresh Amour Mattene is a light, white blue-toned lavender that can be incredibly hard to wear. On its own it's like Nicki Minaj jizz lips, but if it's rubbed in a bit or worn with a pink lipstain/liner/gloss it's infinitely more wearable. It's also incredibly creamy and feels lovely on the lips, even though it has a matte finish."
"Do you like breakfast for dinner?"
"I originally started playing them a few years back when I was still in college. I had saw the anime on Cartoon network a few times in the past and thought the idea of it in game form would be so cool. Finding out there were games really made my day! I think my parents bought me the first 2, Infection and Mutation. Unfortunately, it was hard to track down the last two. Part 3 (Outbreak) I managed to find in the used bin at ones of the game stores that weren't transformed into Game Stop yet, but it was months before I could find the final one, Quarantine. By the time I found Quarantine though, I had already beaten Outbreak for awhile now and had gotten a bit bored. So I figured I'd go back to it eventually."
"Charice Pempengco’s father Ricky Pempengco was stabbed to death in San Pedro, Laguna Monday night. The international singing sensation and her mother Raquel are seeking all-out justice while Ricky Pempengco’s relatives have declared an all-out war against them."
"Unlucky stars that are merely splinters—"
"Because i just needed a break from cosplay, i just got inspiration from some clothes in Yumetenbo, so i modicated some of my clothes, originally i wanted to make new cloth, but i don't have much time... so yeah, i only had time for modification -.-"
"So I sent a test run to 3 gal pals who all chose the shorts."
"innovation and consumer brand recognition. Its line of artist finishes and"
"the sky is beautiful…"
"That match was followed up by non-title match against Alicia Fox on the April 27 episode of Smackdown. Definitely far from a barnburner, the affair was still a credible showing given the assumed wrestling acumen of both Divas. With a little twin magic, Brie Bella retained the title for her sister by utilizing a finishing maneuver, and not the dreaded roll-up."
"I was already feeling a bit old and vulnerable after falling, and this didn't help."
"Should you find untruths, even a bit,"
"If you travel or need to have your hands free, these wallets-on-a-chain are incredibly useful. You can wear these messenger style, across your body, or double the chain and wear it over your shoulder. You can tuck the chains inside and carry it as a clutch, or (gasp!) actually use it as a wallet. It has six slots for credit cards, several different zipped pockets, and room for a passport. If you've ever had your purse stolen, or had to spend lots of time in a police station in a foreign country, or had to go to the American Embassy to get an emergency passport, you'll know how good it feels to have your cash, credit cards, ID and passport right next to your body, held in place with a metal chain, in case a thief thinks about snipping through your purse strings. Not that I'm psychologically scarred or anything."
"Clare's Blog - Trina"
"Phase one was to release the teaser campaign to a worldwide digital audience to inform, remind and generate interest for the event. Herewith is the first release of the One Show 2012 Call To Entry teaser."
"Respect and look out for one another."
"After my flyers were delayed from corporate until the day before my launch date and I was already in a state of panic, I was forced to rely on these social media sites to get the word out on this branch that I worked so hard to put together. I thought to myself, “this will never work,” but in the end, I was left with my foot in my mouth. I was pleasantly surprised when after the first week I had accumulated upwards of 10 girls to be on my staff. I was even more surprised when I got my first weeks Traffic Report and got a little more than the average of about 3,500 hits in only ONE week. I couldn’t believe it worked!"
"Personally I really like room sprays... because I hate it when eg the smell of food lingers when you're not hungry. Also, if I'm expecting somebody, I like to make sure my home smells nice - they should notice as soon as they walk in."
"2. In a microwave safe bowl (I used Pyrex), add in glutinous, sugar and water, mix well with a spoon. Microwave for 2 minutes. Take it out and give it a stir. Microwave for 30 seconds. Take it out and give it another stir. Microwave for a further 30 seconds or until the batter is cooked through."
"I'm doing an article, a how-to thing and there are a number of sections to it. I know that if I don't put in a TOC, there will be complaint reviews."
"But over the last three years, the tide has turned. We broke the Taliban’s momentum. We’ve built strong Afghan Security Forces. We devastated al Qaeda’s leadership, taking out over 20 of their top 30 leaders. And one year ago, from a base here in Afghanistan, our troops launched the operation that killed Osama bin Laden. The goal that I set – to defeat al Qaeda, and deny it a chance to rebuild – is within reach."
"With Laz’s gear being good for normals, but still coming along as far as Heroics, we were told to expect Laz to be shifted in and out. However, due to a DC, this turned into him participating in the entirety of our run Wednesday, then continuing through Thursday."
"Step 10 (In Which My Photography Skills/Sanity Completely Desert Me): Here you can see the second layer of cheese and the top coating of grated chocolate. I don’t know why I thought this was an acceptable photo. Let’s count all the ways my photo is terrible. First of all, you can’t even see the layers of the tiramisu. Secondly, there’s a weird little section, bottom left, where it looks lopsided! Third, what a terrible angle!! (Or is that the same as the first reason?) All I can say is, at this point, I had sampled some cooking brandy and also was drinking Riunite while listening to my hockey team lose a game 7-5 despite outshooting their opponent 54-18. Thus, this inexplicably bad photo of my surprisingly good tiramisu:"
"With his attention back toward his TV show, will the stream of content be hindered so much so that Team Coco's social presense dwindles? Or was this all merely a stop gap until he made it back to the airwaves?"
"‘In the post-Taliban Afghanistan, the guiding principle of president Karzai regarding women’s rights has been attracting funding from the international community on one hand, balanced against the need to get the support of the Ullema Council and other traditionalists on the other,’ Ms Marifat said."
"Malo"
"Mr Kroger decided today enough was enough and exposed his former mate’s bitterness, calling him a “bear with a terribly sore head, a migraine headache” who continued to attack former Prime Minister John Howard among others."
"And it does demand to be talked about."
"To your Outstanding Reign,"
"The UN is no longer what it was set up to be. The Durban conference of 2005 lifted the veil on reality. The Conference against Racism was meant to pillory whites for crimes of slavery and colonialism but became a fest of anti- Jewishness from Muslim countries."
"we had a wonderful christmas together… was just our family and granny. the day had a bit of poignancy about it as it was the first christmas without grandad who died earlier this month. he was very missed on the day, despite all the joy and excitement of opening presents and the delish food. we have a family tradition of opening a present on christmas eve after our church service. each year the kids get new pjs. so they look cute in the photos the next day. yes seriously. we dont do santa, but the kids get a pillowcase with things like a lunchbox, books, new undies and smaller toys in it. then this year we opened a few wrapped presents but then waited for granny to come at 11am when we opened the rest of the presents. our whanau was blested this year to get an xbox. big joy for the kids. evangeline has lived in her tangled (the movie) dress since christmas and loves her new mini cd player. caleb got a neat star wars colour poster book and some bayblades (spinning tops) and stadium. lots of versing in our family. he also got a soccer net which the neighbour boys also are loving. we had a scrummy roast for lunch and then settle down for xboxing, nana napping and skyping the rest of the whanau in australia and the south island."
"P.S. Arrive in line 15 minutes before 10pm or be prepared to wait for days."
"He added of his assistant Amy Pond, played by Karen Gillan: \"And Amy's got real fire in her belly. But there's also great affection and love there, and we're developing that all the time.\""
"Bipolar Disorder involves a lot of self-monitoring. The doctor often has no way of knowing what is going on inside of you but what you tell them, unless you get so bad that it is completely obvious. There are no laboratory tests for this, no x-rays, just you and your family or friends to recognize that an attack is coming so that you can head it off before it gets too bad. Before you develop the full blown symptoms there is still time for you to recognize that they are coming and do something about them. Therefore it is important for you to know what your symptoms are leading up to the attack."
"What if there were teens whose lives depended on being bad influences? This is life for sons and daughters of fallen angels in Sweet Evil. Tenderhearted Southern girl, Anna Whitt, was born with the sixth sense to see and feel emotions of other people. She’s aware of a struggle within herself, an inexplicable pull toward danger, but it isn’t until she turns sixteen and meets the alluring Kaidan Rowe that she discovers her terrifying heritage, and her will-power is put to the test. He’s the boy your daddy warned you about. If only someone had warned Anna."
"I'm in familiar surroundings, and while there's some work involved, there's plenty of opportunity to chillax as well. Tonight was spent catching up with a friend before running for shelter when a thunder storm set in. Another few days and I'll head back to the city."
"3.) Copy and paste the blog award on your blog."
"If you’re an author or illustrator who’s blogging, Tweeting, Facebooking or using other social networks to build your platform, you need to think strategically about who you’re going to reach online and how you’re going to do it."
"Now, start rolling from the shorter side. You should roll it away from you, with out the foil. Take the help of the foil to lift the dough and to aid in rolling."
"Time's hoggish minions"
"…to quote a completely different song…"
"Tyler Seguin"
"Next time you are talking with someone, how about listening to their feelings and thoughts without trying to fix all their problems? Sometimes when we just listen and not place any judgment on what someone is saying, there is a deeper kind of listening happening that can create a healing vibration for who may need the help. Somewhere in your compassionate silence is a solution vibration that they will find."
"distance matters"
"I used to take Karate years ago, and there is a concept which is very powerful. It can be used in the spiritual world as well. You don’t fight against the power as much as you take the power tjats being used against you and turn it on your opponent. The full force of it will backfire against them. This is the meaning of the words, “pray for your enemies.” An extremely powerful dynamic takes place. Only the Lord can change the heart of man. And the cruelty which is leveled against us will return to land where it had it’s beginning in every situation."
"Despite recent declines in the stock market, a worker who had invested privately over the past 40 years would have still earned an average yearly return of 6.85 percent investing in the S&P 500, 3.46 percent from corporate bonds, and 2.44 percent from government bonds. If workers who retired in 2011 had been allowed to invest the employee half of the Social Security payroll tax over their working lifetime, they would retire with more income than if they relied on Social Security. Indeed, even in the worst-case scenario—a low-wage worker who invested entirely in bonds—the benefits from private investment would equal those from traditional Social Security."
"Day 3! In which the 5th and final clothing item is presented: this yellow skirt: Isn't it a glorious colour? And really, this picture does not do it justice - it is an acid, bright yellow. I found it on consignment for $24.99 at Regalia Boutique (shout-out!) - it's a Club Monaco stretch wool weave. I would guess by the style that it's from the 90s."
"In his theory there was a meteor which hurdled toward the earth burning and turning. It hit the earth’s atmosphere and much like Superman the meteoric like craft came crashing into an open expanse of desert. He tried to prove this theory by using me as his private laboratory specimen. I of course have had a fear of being struck by meteor’s my whole life not to mention I won’t go near kryptonite. Unfortunately the only “super” power I can report to is the ability to talk a person to death."
"Now, as for how the different Star Trek captains might commemorate First Contact Day, I see it as one of those things like Gasparilla Day down in Tampa, Florida. Every February, the city launches a festival based around the legend of pirate Jose Gaspar, with a recreation of his pirate ship sailing into Tampa Bay and its crew “taking over” the city. It’s basically Mardis Gras with pirates."
"And to think it me years to see this before I said, Yes and married him!"
"I've always said all my books have a shape, and OUTLANDER's internal geometry consists of three slightly overlapping triangles. The apex of each triangle is one of the three emotional climaxes of the book: 1) when Claire makes her wrenching choice at the stones, 2) when she saves Jamie from Wentworth, and 3) when she saves his soul at the Abbey. It would still be a _good_ story, if I'd had only 1 and 2--but (see above), the Rule of Three. A story that goes one, two, _three_ has a lot more impact than just a one-two punch."
"We at Book Sake are big believers in reading. Did that come as a surprise? I doubt it. As a mom I've always held to the idea that my son needs to keep reading even when he's not in school, that means all summer long he's reading even more than he does during the school year. Why? Because kids lose some of what they learned during the school year if they take time off from practicing those things. (Well adults do this also.) My son has come home from school before thanking me for having him read as much as he does, now in the 9th grade - he is realizing that this is something that has put him ahead of his classmates. He has a bigger vocabulary and has an easier time with many of his classes and we both believe it's due to his reading skills."
"Wasatch Beers though has solved this problem though. Instead of having to buy a 6 pack and maybe not finishing it in a night (even though you can), Apricot Hefewiezen comes in their Spring/Summer Sampler (a compliation of beers Wasatch and fellow brewer Squatters release). So it makes the perfect product for a night with some friends, when everyone might want something a little different."
"It comes back to the register. The register is the best, most immediate way of helping people. Landlords should have to study for a licence, undertake renewals, comply to national standards and co-operate with spot checks. The landlords will moan. They will say that red tape will destroy the market. But publicans, cab drivers and restauranteurs have to earn qualifications and comply with regulations. The NLA will say that honest landlords will be forced out of the business. No they won’t. The register will force out all the cowboys and part timers, who will just have to work for a living like the rest of us. The NLA will moan that ‘rogue landlords’ will be ‘driven underground’. Fine. We will go underground, we will find them, and we will put them in jail."
"Why is that? Do we not trust? Do we not believe? Do we not see?"
"The reasons why the VeganManiacs so thoroughly devoured the competition may take more time to understand. No one on the team had ever done this sort of thing before and they only decided less than two days before to enter, so there was no time for preparation. They faced a variety of teams from ambitious college students, to guys who look like they'd be good at this sort of thing. Yet, at the point when Ross, John and Jeff set down their spoons and triumphantly thrust their arms in the air, most of the other troughs looked as though they had barely been touched."
"How does that sound for moving up the social ladder? Would be like the grand old era where aristocrats (a football aristocrat? Ugh . . . maybe a 蹴鞠 ‘Cuju‘ Museum Curator/Owner in England with the PRC’s – or who knows Neo-Imperial Chinese Imperium’s – permission and endorsement? Cuju being the CHINESE sport that ‘English’ Football is a cheap copy of . . . would be more Posh‘ . . . ) raised massive families commensuerate with their wealth. What say you plutocrat 1%ter Becks worth hundreds of millions (or is that billions)? You play football with passion? Riiiiiight, as a beneficiary of global politics . . . lets see if a ‘Beckham’ from Uganda earns as much, this is not a real sport anymore, just politically convenient poseurs with some incidental talent and maybe money laundering via ‘exopensive players’ or expensive teams’ . . . still Vic would probably love to be ‘Posher’ as a ‘Lady’."
"1 distinguished"
"The only underlying theme is the same as every other fantasy romance out there: Girl has intense physical reaction to guy upon first meeting. Guy is an emotional wasteland, unavailable and emotionally scarred. Girl wants to fix him and have him fall in love with her anyway because she’s that special, but not before giving herself, her love and her virginity entirely to a dominant. Wait, what?"
"Try to pick a forum name that shows a little personality. \"Dave123\" says nothing about you. \"SwampDave\" or \" BeagleGuy\" says a lot more!"
"Remind us of the gift we are to the world because we remember our wholeness."
"Running along the track wasn’t as easy as I thought. There were moderate inclines, but proved to be a good warm-up before we headed for the paddock access and continued covering 5 loops (of about 6 km each) on the main road outside the circuit. At certain areas, it was completely dark, if not for the organizer who had thoughtfully placed a few human torchlights (cum supporters) to guide the runners. To be fair, we were given headlights to wear but I’m sure many, like myself, wouldn’t like to have extra weight on our heads when we run a full marathon. But out of respect for the organizer, I decided bring along the headlight, but had it strapped to my arm instead."
"Im interested to hear what fellow bloggers/public think about this situation."
"“So we did take over 100 animals off his property back in 2000 and there were probably about 200 dead animals as well,” says Kelly Chafee."
"salad!\" I was shocked and started laughing..then I asked him"
"I'm actually not a big fan of poetry. Most of it sounds like pretentious garbage to me. However, The Liverpool Scene surprises me a few times on this album, and I found myself actually digging it. They actually received a lot of criticism in their day for making poetry into pop - something more listenable and digestible for schleps like me. The Liverpool Scene was content that their poetry didn't begin with a capital P, but rather was not too distantly related to pop music (Gasp!) and could be enjoyed by your average teenager (the horror!)."
"2009 State Of Play (4th); 2010 State Of Play (3rd); 2011 State Of Play (4th)"
"Wefaq-Media-Democracy"
"Pipes water green until green waters waver"
"So I got off the plane and waited for my suitcase. And I waited. And waited. And guess what! THEY LOST IT! I KNEW THE COCKTAIL NAPKIN WOULDN’T WORK!!! After talking to some United reps and filling out some forms, they informed me that they hadn’t technically “lost” my luggage as they knew where it was – San Francisco."
"Papers: Core'dinations (both purples); Stampin 'Up Whisper White and More Mustard"
"“These donations showcase the quality of the MMI programs and the professionalism of its graduates,” said Dennis Hendrix, director of national accounts. “The support received from these partners assists MMI in preparing its graduates for entry-level technician positions within each of the specific brands across the nation.”"
"Terry Reid- Superlungs My Supergirl"
"Before turning in last night, I stepped outside to listen to the river churning as it made its way around the bend and under the bridge. It's running high and fast this spring and I love the sound it makes in the dark. However. As I looked down in the hollow I could make out the silhouette of a brush pile I had spontaneously created when I first moved in here two summers ago and to which I have recently been adding. I could see, even in the dark, that the pile will be hiding the many irises that are getting ready to bloom. A couple of days ago I cleaned out a tire full of them that Otis had created nearby. Yes, a tire full of irises. There was a time when I might have blushed at that revelation, but now I view it as a fine form of recycling."
"My heart is clean."
"Wed, Sep 26 Houston, TX Reliant Arena Sat, May 12"
"The beauty of this piece is that we all found something glued to the oar. I just wish Steve had warned me that he was gluing on the crab. The piece had to spend some time in the garage to make sure the smell was gone before it entered our house."
"That includes the Nintendo 3DS, which may wield 3D optics as its trump card, but nonetheless simply cannot compete with the Vita in terms of graphical fidelity. What the PlayStation Vita offers is more akin to a home console experience on the move, and that puts it in an elite class of one."
"Individuals with AS often lack the ability to use skills related to executive functioning like planning, sequencing and self-regulation."
"With his place in guitar history firmly established, Yngwie has continued to inspire guitarists worldwide for over a decade. He has released many classic albums including Marching Out (1985), Trilogy (1986), Odyssey (1988), Fire & Ice (1992), The Seventh Sign (1994), Inspiration (1996), Facing the Animal (1997), Alchemy (1999), Attack!! (2002) and Unleash the Fury (2005). He has also shown his versatility by producing his first completely classical work, Concerto Suite for Electric Guitar and Orchestra in Eb minor, Op.1, in 1997. October 14, 2008 will see the release of his latest studio album, Perpetual Flame which he produced and engineered himself. The Fender® Custom Shop has also introduced the new Yngwie Malmsteen Tribute Series Stratocaster® guitar, a reproduction of Malmsteen’s beloved instrument that will be produced in limited edition."
"The one thing I love about this look is the fact that every single item of clothing and jewelry is unique and pairs really well together: the rusted gold watch and belt, light worn out jeans and the oversized vintage collared-top. A favourite, thats for sure."
"into her white cotton nightdress, fresh that day"
"I wanted to give you that news but i know you guys like to get balanced news and thats why you are on STUDIO XIII MAGAZINE, hence i searched the web for what the Prophet TB Joshua said and this is what i get on their blog ……This message is to"
"DINGGGG DOOONNGGGG….."
"Re: Strep B, I was dismayed when told I would need to be on a drip during labour, but actually it was only for half an hour, so anyone worried about that shouldn't be. The info you get in advance is confusing but the drip doesn't take four hours as everyone seemed to be saying, the antibiotics last for four hours and then you get some more."
"Peel and slice thinly 4-8 apples. (This is a good task for someone else to do while you make the ‘crisp’ part.)"
"Which brings me to Downton Abbey. It’s great in many ways - interesting storyline, good pace, some nice little historical references to make the viewer feel clever, but somehow it feels to me like a costume drama in which contemporary people are dressed up to look old fashioned rather than a truly historical drama. I am not an expert - not my period, darling - but would a respectable, unaccompanied woman really have walked into a pub back then? My grandmother wouldn’t have dreamed of it even in the early eighties any more than she would have offered a guest a shop bought cake. Would the lady of a house really be prepared to have her senior servants ordered around by a former junior servant? Such things get my WAM: World-view Anachronism Meter buzzing. To me these kind of details matter more than hairstyles or hems. They are the hardest thing to get right and to convey to the reader; the attitudes and beliefs that constrain and restrict, that might have a woman give away a child from shame in 1950 while her single daughter gets pregnant by artificial donor insemination just forty years later."
"Overall I've had less fun than usually. Though on the plus side I went to the river for FOUR hours yesterday with a bunch of friends, aside from the chemical burns on my back from some gasoline... strange but whatever... It was great."
"red and black"
"Those plans collapsed due to construction delays and squabbles over contractual terms. By 2004, most of the minor partners to the consortium posted losses or substantially decreased profits."
"Please let me know. I love you, readers."
"This is just a sampling of the articles on the topic of the recent tornadoes. There are other “misfortunes” that come our way that can draw compassion. The loss of a job, a the loss of a loved one, a broken relationship, a sudden accident or illness … all of these are included in the “stricken by misfortune” concept. All are outlets for our compassion and our touch."
"Is this whole thing worth it in the end? Is my fight really worth the struggle? I don’t know if time will ever tell. I do know that as I refuse to grow up, relationships will change. Do I want these to change? I tweeted earlier about what it was like to now know how to handle a crying girl, which is something that I didn’t know how to deal with for a long time. Now, I can be the person I need to be. I only mention this because the relationship has changed, and I am the one who needs to be there for some people due to my perspective."
"5) So the book's not fantasy and it's not paranormal. It's kind of this in-between realistic mystery that is so unique in the current market."
"And then my favorite part (do you sense the sarcasm)... the Dolly Parton hills. Doesn't everyone like a couple of long steep hills at mile 20 of a marathon? The hip was having no part in the hills... and finally, I had to take a couple of very short walk breaks on the steepest parts. I was being very good, though, about keeping the breaks extremely short. I would guess I walked less than 1/2 mile over the entire duration of the marathon."
"This is not child's play, this is will be written into the history books as the Great African War."
"soul? And why have you become disturbed within me? Hope in God, for I shall"
"I am obsessed with burgundy at the moment. It's currently my favourite colour and I found this nail polish hidden in my collection from about 4 years ago now!"
"Will you be the one?"
"For dryers make work much less."
"And I wonder, too, if we can sustain a culture of anything, considering how many students transfer in or drop out and are only on campus for a year or two. And how many of them live off campus and show up only for classes. So many of our students inhabit a different world from the one where I went to college, and where I taught as a grad student, and I don't know yet what that world looks like."
"There was no fear and the possibilities were endless, but in the end R settled for taking the watch, thus sticking to M´s plan. It felt heavy in his hand and he wondered if this was due merely to its metallic structure, or if the responsibility, obligations and power that came with it also had mass, also had weight that could be measured."
"When Cayce talks about the glands being the major key of orchestrating all the activities of the physical body, including its manifestations and perceptions, he also mentions as the major centers of this power, the Pineal, Pituitary, Thymus, Thyroid, Adrenals and sexual glands; even knowing that there are other glands inside of the human body."
"The whole house was completed last week and my client moved in on Monday. So instead of taking two months it took three, not bad. My client is happy and everything turned out beyond our expectations and that's whats important."
"Murray Edmond / The Steps Towards ‘Von Tempsky’s Dance’ / 12"
"The table settings shine atop smoky quartz chargers with pale pink linens accented by an ultra-feminine black and white cameo gift box."
"Swonk: Washington bickering causes recessions"
"Everything went well for Lucas yesterday and I am contributing it to your good thoughts and prayers that you sent for him! The work began on the right side of his mouth. It was originally thought that all of his teeth would have to be removed. However with Lucas under anesthetic, the dentist was able to do a more thorough exam and it was decided that about 5 of his teeth on the right were salvageable; but in the end 15 (!!) were removed. He will have another surgery in about a month to do the left side to remove and save about the same number."
"This week Gordon threw the chefs into a real kitchen, cooking for one of the most prestigious restaurants in Los Angeles, then gave them a rather fishy pressure test. Who failed to deliver the goods? Read on…"
"In all likelihood, as a senior member of that criminal fraternity, Madoff knows just about everything there is to know concerning who planned the 9/11 attacks, who carried them out, and which ones of the corrupt politicians, lawmakers, and senior law enforcement officers in the country helped the perpetrators, or at least knew about the plans. If persuaded skillfully, as a condition of his plea bargain, he could reveal the identity of the key people who ordered and executed the deadly attacks on the America on 9/11."
"To black audiences, they are not racist; they are just very funny observational racial jokes."
"I started this blog because as I was reading posts on other sites by wives of alcoholics I experienced a deeply cathartic effect. I was able to laugh at some of the more ridiculous examples of drunken behavior their husbands exhibited–many of which my own husband had done. I was able to cry at the repeated phrase “He’s such a good guy when he’s sober” because I know the heartache that comes from that Good Guy turning into the Drunk Guy. I was able to vent and provide some insight on how things have not changed for me when I posted responses. All of these things left me feeling nearly human and mostly sane again."
"37After this man, there was Judas of Galilee, at the time of the numbering, and some of the people went after him: he was put to death, and all his supporters were put to flight."
"“Then let it be done with. Judges, what do you rule? Michael?"
"Indicating the Task:"
"I didn't feel like doing another half batch of the buttercream, so I used white chocolate to decorate the cake. I sprinkled some shavings on top. Not the prettiest way to decorate, but it got the job done. Plus, now there's white chocolate on the cake- yum!"
"I came home afterwards feeling bruised and sore. I expected to feel a fair bit of pain, and took Arnica religiously for the next 48 hours. I also took 10 grams of vitamin C for the next 3 days."
"Hello Fellow Beer Lovers,"
"“I don’t want any name on my grave, because I have never had a name of my own,” he told me. “I only want those two lines from Samuel Taylor Coleridge’s Kubla Khan.”"
"1 kinds"
"at a conference here in Austin!"
"- Kees Cook, Senior Network Administrator for OSDL;"
"“that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith.”"
"and what's even worse...i'm on the phone with a government agency"
"Oh, I’ve grown as shiftless as Little Boy Blue,"
"\"Huntsman\" he said - a sudden thrill"
"DID YOU KNOW YOU COULD WIN OUR ENTIRE MARCH RELEASE? Have you checked out our Pinter-Inspiration Color Challenge? Just click HERE to find out how to play! You can also play in our Noon Time Challenges! Wednesday, we unveiled our Round and Round Challenge HERE. And, yesterday we shared the Front & Back Challenge HERE! Both are fast-paced noon time challenges that will give you yet one more chance to win our full March release! All challenges will close this Friday at 5 PM EST and winners will be announced Saturday in our Winner’s Circle blog post! So get those fingers inky and good luck!"
"5. The Wolfman"
"Very few of the original ANZACs remain with us now. They were the young men – boys really – of the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps who marched off to defend ‘the motherland’ at the beginning of the First World War, only to be pinned down on the cliffs of Gallipoli, pawns in a game of politics being conducted by London. It was a disastrous campaign, ending in massive casualties and ignominy, yet over the intervening decades, ANZAC has come to represent the maturation of the young nation of Australia (barely fifteen years old itself at the time), to the point that young people today see it as the first step in real independence from Great Briton. And there’s something to be said for that."
"\"Now see here, Seven....\" Riker starts to complain."
"—Kate Douglas, author of Wolf Tales"
"But those are mostly telling words. As a writer, you want to show. I could tell you Emily is upset, or I could show you by saying her eyes are red with anger, her cheeks are flushed, her mouth is pressed in a line, or she’s stomping around, flailing her arms, and screaming. It’s easy to see Emily is upset when you have a visual like that."
"The unfortunate thing is, I made this for a swap, so I had to give it away. And all I have left of it now is the photo. Sometimes, I must admit, it's difficult for me to part with my art, especially if it's a favorite piece. I wonder, do other artists feel that way? I suppose I could make another one for me, and I might do that at some point, but haven't yet."
"And I acted caught-off-guard when the neighbor told me that turning into her driveway and having to see our house’s debris every night made her have seizures every time she came home. Might want to have that checked…"
"The rich palate was succulent and textured with ripe plum, a lovely freshness of acidity and minerality balanced by firmer tannins, cherry flesh and cherry stone and black cherry fruit. An earthiness does show through, but the succulence dominates right now. Lovely acidity and supple tannins on the finish. Really elegant, great balance, nothing is over extracted. I like this very much indeed – 90/100 points."
"This past weekend your dad and I were lounging in bed with you, as is our practice on the weekends. We love having that lazy time together as a family, warm and cozy in our big bed. You were laying between the two of us and dad & I were talking together when suddenly you made a noise I’ve never heard come out of you before. We both stopped talking and looked at you. You looked back at me as if you say, “Ya mom, that’s right. That just happened!” The noise sounded distinctly like a fart, but it clearly came from your mouth. Your father and I being the pillar of immaturity that we are, we found it both heart-warming and HYSTERICAL! We were so proud."
"﻿A very happy momma-to-be!!!"
"The rest of the Gathering for me was more social and I spent time playing some actual games with people! I played Last Will, Catacombs, the unpublished, upcoming game from Queen called Escape the Curse of the Mayan Temple (very fun), Quebec, Africana, as well as some more protoypes like Rob’s Crazy Train and Peter Hawes Railway game with Tom from Hans Im Gluck."
"No-one laughed."
"6. Liberalise the labour market"
"He cares even for the birds, seeing that they get their daily food."
"Our plan is to begin filming in June 2011 and to have shooting wrapped up by September, allowing 5 months for editing with the first première happening in February 2012."
"To snap out some colts that that breed stud had sired;"
"Boludez (f)"
"CE Easter Celebration"
"F-F-F-F-G-G-G-G *tap* A#-A#-A#-A#-C-C-C-C *tap*"
"Is that really too much to ask for?"
"muka bogel takde eyeliner pun dah rasa resah. dapat gambar photoshoot, rasa bangga sampai upload merata-rata (blog, tumblr, facebook, twitter, etc) expecting people to tell you how good you're looking. parallel to that, jadi riak, and riak is salah satu attributes yang Allah SWT hina."
"This poem I wrote after a long night of talking but with a heavy heart of thinking. It was a very dark poem which was the personification of what I was feeling at that moment… nothing. This was my best way to describe my inner turmoil and lack of hope for the future."
"A- Oh yes. Back in the early days of my scrapping, when my tools were still limited and I hadn’t yet bought my heat gun, I used to heat my embossing powders in the mini toaster oven that I had. The problem with this approach is that you invariably end up toasting the paper as well! That aside, I completely burnt the adhesive rubon I was using even before the embossing powder could melt, and it came out, well, weird, for want of a better word. In the end, I believe I tossed that as it had gone a funny colour, was neither sticky nor inkable, and completely unsalvageable. I bought a heat gun after that episode."
"Let the cake cool in the pan for 15 minutes before removing."
"I love anything that has that poinsettia flower on it!"
"Fixed down with about 250 clout-head galvanised nails."
"Police has since confirmed that one of the two detectives would appear in Papakura District Court on a disorderly behaviour charge. It’s further believed that he will apply for name suppression, and almost certainly be granted one."
"At the church of Saint-Sulpice in Paris, visitors can see murals painted by Delacroix including his provoking Jacob Wrestling with the Angel. Delacroix depicted one of the most puzzling passages in Genesis. Who is this adversary Jacob is fighting so intensely? Is he an angel? Not only does the stranger refuse to defend himself, he also faces the son of Isaac with disarming calm. He looks"
"It's a great beer for a good price too, maybe a buck or two more than the regular St Bernardus offerings. I shared some with my nephew who lacked proper glassware but it resulted in demonstration of just how luscious of a head this beer gives you."
"The shooter said he lives alone but that his buddy was at the apartment when the home invasion happened. Asked why the intruder might have chosen his door to bust open, he said he has electronics worth a couple of thousand dollars that the intruder may have wanted."
"Signs from Ziwi-Starship, Samij Datta, 2012"
"Apparently late Sunday evening, overnight, and yesterday morning – things went a bit downhill. Both of their oxygen needs were up (30-40%) and Colton was having a lot more spells. So, instead of weaning their flow – both were brought back up to 3.0L and Colton had his caffeine restarted to try and help with his spells. This was really disappointing news as most times they don’t allow you to start feedings by mouth if they are on more than 2.0L of flow. Now that they’re 35 weeks, we really wanted to start teaching them to feed. I visited with them after work and cuddled with Keltie for a while. I stayed for their weighing and Colton was 3lbs, 14oz and Keltie was 3lbs, 10oz so they have both gained more than 2lbs since birth! Right before I was about to leave, Colton had a pretty bad spell – probably the worst I’ve witnessed. He turned a real dusky / blue color and it took quite a while and intervention from the nurse to get him to recover. That scared the daylights out of me – I just stood there next to his isolette completely stunned. Of course I couldn’t leave after that, so I hung around a bit longer until I felt better about leaving him."
"Santa Ana, CA - NIS America, Inc. announced this past Saturday that bunny drop Complete Series Premium Edition will release in North America this August. The series consists of 11 episodes on 2 Blu-rays and 2 DVDs. The Premium Edition comes in a highly collectable sturdy slipcase with the hardcover art book depicting the various joys and tribulations Daikichi & Rin experience during their first year together. Available at select online retailers: Right Stuf, The Anime Corner Store, Anime Pavilion, Anime Castle and NIS America’s Online Store."
"This time, they also wanted a pee sample. So mom took Dunc out front and followed him around with a tupperware like container trying to capture they \"essence de Duncan\". It took three times. Dunc told me it was like a fun game. Mom was not amused."
"My friend is having a tough time with her child. Her oldest child, a senior in high school... she's traveling a path I have yet to travel... so what advice can I possibly give her?"
"Good Morning Dear Friends, Wow it's cold here, well I feel cold temp. is 65deg. and rain is coming either tomorrow or Friday."
"R - Why? Do you think differently?"
"And the angel said to them, “Fear not, for behold, I bring you good news of great joy that will be for all the people. For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Savior, who is Christ the Lord. And this will be a sign for you: you will find a baby wrapped in swaddling cloths and lying in a manger (Luke 2)"
"1. Now to him who is able to keep you from stumbling"
"We celebrated with a cake which ended up looking like a massive doughnut...as pointed out by little Miss M, so she sang Happy Doughnut to you...."
"becomes the edge of a flat"
"People often say that if there is a cryptid in a lake why haven’t more people seen the creature and more often as well. If the body of water is anything like Lake Windermere, I can fully understand why this creature would be so rarely seen. Unlike North American lakes, access to the shore around Lake Windermere is extremely difficult. True, there are a number of piers from which you can board tour boats of the lake, but most of the shoreline – particularly at the southern end – is inaccessible."
"It was an enlightening discussion in many ways. I finally understood what STC's (Small Technology Credits) were and why they were so important for reducing the cost of installing solar. I also discovered how grid-connected solar is meant to reduce your electricity bills. I was glad to have the information explained with diagrams so I could ask questions. All the information I read previously started to make sense."
"Anyway, as I said, I started this post on Thursday (I has started the cards then btw), Friday busy all day; Saturday I didn't go to bed until about 4am as I got carried away working on the in-laws card, which involved playing with my Cricut Expression machine for the first time since I'd had it back in March!!! So, because I went to bed late, my sister arrived before I was up. We went to the My Craft Studio warehouse open day which is down the road from me - we met Nancy Watt, Stephanie and Diane Peternall there - it was funny because my sister was a bit 'star struck'! She had a chat with them and they were prepping for a show this Wednesday where they launch a brand-new CD (which I've already bought, being a platinum member of the MCS Club). Plus there was this most phenomenal product on sale which hasn't been on C&C yet - so just because I'm not sure whether it's a secret or not, I shall not mention the product but after they've launched it, i'm going to rave about it!!!! Needless to say, I bought it... So, that will be on at 9am on Wednesday so i'm going to watch that."
"* Buffalo wings: Named for their place of origin, Buffalo, New York, this is one of the few kinds of fried chicken that is not traditionally battered before frying."
"375 pages"
"10. Movin' - Brass Construction / 3:49"
"Micha gawked. What did he mean by that?"
"Just like last year Deschutes had a regular beer that was transformed in the cask. Last year it was Twilight, this year it was Red Chair. Red Chair had notes of lemon that I had not tasted before and was, in my mind, the best of the lot."
"Fish Tank is a very strong effort at every level, and should signal great things to come for all involved."
"\"We've got a new CEO and he wanted them changed\""
"The Art of War (currently reading)"
"As I mentioned above I am not familiar with the original short story that this graphic novel is based on. There are some interesting concepts in here. Basically they are around the type of society Edwer ends up living in. Imagine a society with no currency except the honor that you have as perceived by others. Kind of crazy right? Crazy and interesting all at once. Then imagine that everyone in this society wears masks and speaks using a variety of musical instruments. Yep, the society just got a bit crazier. Now...imagine that some one is murdered and you have to figure everything out, having not lived in this society and having a limited understanding of what the heck these people are doing. It makes for an interesting story on a number of levels."
"Example:"
"Below is this week’s summary of sentiment happenings:"
"Side note: I’m so caught up in the process of this thing and flowing with it that I don’t know if I’m completely losing everyone when I try to convey my thoughts about these things."
"Staff: Masayuki Miyaji (Director) Ichiro Okouchi (Script), Seiichi Hashimoto (Character Design), Kazuki Sakuraba (Original Novelist), Michiru Oshima (Music),"
"Question: Are they just going to try and tell the people that this is the Antichrist and not Christ?"
"Do you know why Jacques Costeau, the famous underwater explorer, quit deep sea diving sometime before he died? It is said that he stopped because he had heard in one of the underwater caves he was exploring, the sounds of people screaming."
"One of Beijing’s most popular New Year destination is also the Temple of Heaven. Here thousand of people gather to see the Royal heaven-worshipping ceremony which is held inside the park. The Temple of Heaven, in Chinese 天坛, pronounced “Tian Tan”, was first built in 1420 and used to be the imperial sacrificial altar during the Ming (1368-1644) and the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911)."
"It would not be possible for the extractor on a Glock to touch the primer under almost any circumstances; and even if it did, its too broad and blunt to set a primer off."
"We all head across the street to a hotel, where lunch had been prepared in a large room with about 8 dishes of food prepared in the traditional chinese family style. Big tables with food piled on a lazy Susan, and everyone takes their chopsticks and eats from all the dishes. Not very sanitary but it gets the job done."
"Because the burden of proof is on the PTO to establish that applicant’s mark falsely suggests a connection with the particular name or persona, the Board sided with Applicant: \"In view of the significant doubt remaining as to whether anyone currently possesses rights in the name 'Maria Callas,' and resolving such doubt in applicant’s favor, we find that the examining attorney has not met her burden in establishing the false suggestion of a connection refusal under Section 2(a).\""
"Then start kneading the dough, dust the surface and hand with flour and knead and stretch for 10 minutes, in few minutes you will see that the dough becomes soft and beautiful."
"And holy SHITBALLS I SO DID IT! And it really wasn't too dramatic! I will not step out and say easy cause that isn't the case, but it definitely still wasn't as hard as my Week 1 Day 1 workout was. Week 2 consists of running 90 sec intervals and walking 120 second intervals for 30 mins."
"I remembered this fun DP that I've had in my stash for a looong time...I thought the retro vibe was perfect for this image and couldn't wait to paper piece her dress! As I was cutting it out, I really questioned my choice...the pieces are tiny! The image is colored with pencils and I added some subtle glitter to her headband, belt, and boots. I used some dies from The Cat's Pajamas for the border and the sentiment. I added some (actually LOTS!) of Swarovski flatback crystals to \"bling it up\" a bit."
"Whitehorse said when Navajos were forced on the Longest Walk, they were removed from their homeland for four years. The government returned Navajos to only ten percent of their land, and only did so because the government felt the land was worthless. Later, oil, gas, uranium and coal were discovered on Navajoland."
"more runs to lead the game 7-4 at the end of the fourth."
"The material world like our bodies is really there and we know this by sensing it and its impact on us when we get hurt or, with bodies, when we enjoy each others bodies in love. That is interactive: the chemicals cause the mental and emotional feelings of love and the body interacts with these and acts out the feelings. Our contest with the progressive orthodoxy is reality: what is actually happening, what are the real consequences of their unrealistic philosophy and ideas. We have seen through the contemporary wish-fulfilment imitation of reality, now we have to study what is really going on through collating incidents and news reports to derive a more accurate version of reality, to develop our patriotic view of reality."
"For the ganache"
"There was something about the Mama Bear family tech conference a week ago that creeped me out. I am the father of a 5-year-old boy, and perhaps a third of the people at this conference were trying to build apps for him. All the apps were well-intentioned. All were, at some level, educational."
"The Hump Bar."
"I hope you enjoyed my favourites! Sorry they weren't that exciting!"
"Peruse the aisles while you smile at the various objects one can sell for $1. There are usually one or two gems that will keep you in stitches long after you leave. Buy items to use on the rest of your date, like plastic glasses and plates for a picnic or snacks to take with you to a movie."
"The densely layered followup to their jokey and spare debut was 1989′s Paul’sBoutique, a postmodern hip-hop masterpiece that was largely ignored at its release. Today the Dust Brothers-produced record is considered a seminal album that would hint at the genre-bending direction 1990s pop was heading."
"Though I tend to overindulge."
"What is the next \"break-out\" system? By this I mean what new rule set will captivate the creative juices of a vast majority of the rpg community. I mean a system that revitalizes a portion of the rpg community and sets itself apart as a leader."
"falling asleep with the windows open"
"Or perhaps we could even say that the same entities, objects, time-travelers and time-travel machines, perhaps stand still, and ingress in multiple moments of time, dipping into multiple strands of time like one would dip a toe into a stream? Might repetition from one perspective be multiplication from another? Many scientists have argued that perhaps there is only one photon, one light particle, in the universe, which simply bounces between many moments of spacetime. Why should film not be as strange as our realities?"
"I'm not sure what I think of sites that promote this. Poop Senders is not alone. There are actually a lot of websites out there that will do this for you. I just keep picturing myself being on the receiving end of a poop package and unless it was from someone within my immediate circle of friends and/or family, I would get pretty upset about it."
"His smile grew larger with every mouse click"
"for I have seen beauty"
"First:"
"Though not exactly clever, this title is clear and explains exactly what the post contains. I was extremely excited about this show when I first saw it, and was eager to share my discovery with the class. I did not initially post videos or pictures with this post because I had absolutely no idea how! WordPress.com was far too complicated for me for some reason, but now that I have figured it out, I like the improvements I was able to contribute to each of my earlier, picture-less posts."
"It is written that at the bottom of the Great Void Between the Worlds their is an enormous hole. This hole is the mouth of a great dragon whose very bowels are a series of fiery realms that serve to imprison its inhabitants. This is the Pit - the abode of demons, devils, and other creatures that once sought to dethrone the God of Law. Now they are content to gnaw at the fabric of Creation, to unmake reality. In so doing they hope to end the torment that has become so entwined with their very being."
"She’d helped me through a miscarriage, facilitated the tie-dying of anything not nailed down, showed me how to sew and more importantly showed me how much a friend can impact your life."
"October 1979/December 1980"
"It had a really cheap artificial lemon smell, and from the pack above I'm guessing that hasn't changed. And we used to have a thick, heavy dishcloth that never got washed or replaced (our house was superficially spotless but some of the detail was well dodgy). This dishcloth was used to wipe down surfaces and clean plates, and after the cleaning was done it was never hung over the tap to dry out; it was just left in a bundle in the bottom of the bowl. And so it acquired a kind of damp smell, but the artificial lemon aroma was so powerful it override the damp smell, and the smell of grease."
"Sigh. I remember the days when I documented every smile. Now, they're all elbows and bony legs and pants getting to be high-waters after no time at all."
"C)Delivery issues of baby."
"John Giuffrida, Milt Hinton (b)"
"Now left on our travels. We are hoping to go up the east coast to John O’Groats then along and down the west coast."
"Please vote by making your choice below or suggest a name yourself in the box provided - thank you"
"Special Judges:"
"You are on another level,"
"\"Who cares about money?! This is ART, you blockhead! This is great music I'm playing, and playing great music is an art! Do you hear me? An art! Art! Art! Art! Art! Art!"
"But you know what? Vision 2030 is a hell of a lot more than I, and many of you, thought it was. There came a time when people realised we needed to stop saying “It’s about time the government started fixing our roads” and instead exclaiming, “It’s about damn time we played a significant part in fixing what is wrong with this country.” There was a time I had given up hope on proper roads in Kenya, on ever seeing a train making its way through Nairobi, even on basic traffic rules being followed. But now, this Friday, the 2nd of March 2012, we are breaking ground on Kenya’s second Transport and economic development in corridor, the first to be a Kenyan initiative, stretching from Lamu to Juba to Addis Ababa and hopefully, one day, across Africa to the Atlantic."
"You know every action star from the past thirty years? Well they are going to be in the Expendables 2, which is the follow up to Sylvester Stallone’s 2010 helmed film about a group of mercenaries who basically blow stuff up and kick a whole ton of ass. This time around we get the likes of Jean Claude Van Damme, Chuck Norris, Liam Hemsworth, and returning members Stallone, Bruce Willis, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Jet Li, Jason Statham, Dolph Lundgren, Randy Couture, and Terry Crews. So bad-assery commence."
"After a few necessary developments to bring Asgard back from Ragnorak, and cleverly dropping it in my home state of Oklahoma, Straczynski got on with the nifty plot twists: Loki’s return, his clever means of getting the more dubious Asgardians back on their feet, and his manipulation of time and Thor to put Balder on the throne were great reading."
"Now that I’ve identified a few more shops to visit I’ll see if I can try a few more from the book."
"Anyway, thats enough waffle, the script has been wrote, storyboard is finished, costumes have been created, all thats left is to shoot it."
"Sigh. I'm trying to figure out what's going on with me, food and my body these days but sometimes it feels like I'm not making much progress. E and I will be doing a juice detox later this week so hopefully that will help to reset some stuff for me."
"3.) What type of style do you go for in drawing?"
"Tanith Lee"
"Sun mirrors are really big right now, and all the big name, high-dollar retailers offer their own versions. I love these from Horchow:"
"next up - baptism, visits, and the crud."
"I am starting to get a little more daring with Photoshop CS2 and the Cintiq. I found some great royalty-free paper textures online that I am dying to try in whatever I color next!"
"I ordered the book. When I opened it to read (I had to be a supportive wife to push a book such as this!), I did not expect the book to feel like it was speaking directly to me!"
"To break it down – I have 3 fair trade chocolate cakes to mix, bake, cool and slice in to two. Vanilla buttercream icing to make. Then layer each slice of cake with buttercream and strategically stack and cover in fondant. I have to think about, sketch and make the decorations. OH and put it all together, take pictures (of course) and deliver it for the bride and groom for their big special day."
"almost exclusively print-based. Therefore, the license would not be"
"Teacher: If you had one dollar and you asked your father for another, how many dollars would you have?"
"Thank you so much for the positive feedback about Project Life. Over the next few weeks I'll try to get caught up with sharing my PL Album pages here on the blog. When I'm feeling ambitious I'll include product links, but sometimes I won't. If there's ever anything you want to know about, just leave a comment and I'll mention the product with a link in my next Project Life post."
"Enough pettiness. This holy well is unbelievably scenic. Sheep all over the hills surrounding it. The tour busses in Sligo drop their passengers off at another, way, way less impressive holy well that is all built up with Stations of the Cross and benches and video cameras hidden in the trees to catch petty thieves. St. Patrick's holy well in Dromard has been there long, long before he turned up in Ireland. I am sure this well has heard everything by now. Petty things and tragic things."
"“I do because it's true. I grant wishes Mattie Mathers. I grant great big giant dreams and today is your lucky day and if I do say so myself not a minute too soon.” Mattie noticed the air around him smelled like the last day of Summer as Fall attempts swoop from the sky and touch the grass. He smelled the way dreams of true love often felt; comforting, sweet, and perfect with a promise of forever romance. Something about him pulled the door to Mattie’s closet of regret open a little wider than merely sitting in the middle of the"
"For just about everything in Ukraine– schools, restaurants, hotels, gyms, groceries, retail shops, salons, etc., there are two classes… quite simply, “good” and “bad”. The vast majority are ‘bad’ and quite cheap. The few ‘good’ masquerade as luxury, and they are seriously, seriously pricey."
"An Act to give further effect to rights and freedoms guaranteed under the European Convention on Human Rights; to make provision with respect to holders of certain judicial offices who become judges of the European Court of Human Rights; and for connected purposes."
"$5, $7, $11 special appetizer menu"
"Reporter: Why the switch in the first place?"
"“The new evangelization is a frame of mind, a courageous manner of acting and Christianity’s capacity to know how to read and interpret the new situations in human history which, in recent decades, have become the places to proclaim and witness to the Gospel….These sectors concern society, cultures, economics, civic life, and religion…."
"4 ink bottles."
"I have a dry sense of humor and will often gaze straight-faced after making a joke, though inside I’m laughing. I love to be near a person in companionable silence, but I also love a playful friend. I adore a quiet winter evening hugging a kitty, gush books and interrupt people in my excitement sometimes, become eye-lit in the face of history, and can seem very childlike and bubbly, often. I gush with sentimentality. I love a vibrant sunrise. I find it difficult to follow a schedule or be at all predictable, though I do like to control my own timetable, and thus despite myself I am fairly predictable. I don’t mind being alone, but I also love being with people. I’m a homebody — I love home, especially on a winter’s night when the whole world seems raven and cold, and I’m tucked in my lamplit nook. But having family there is more cozy to me than being alone. (I still don’t mind being alone though.) I adore my family and have a ravenous curiosity about my ancestors, especially here in Georgia. I’m INCREDIBLY independent. (I dislike being bossed. When people tell me what to do, I do the opposite whenever possible.) I’m often lost in deep thought, even when I appear to be listening. (I never mean to not listen!) I forget myself in daydreams. I dislike math, but I can do it if I’m taught. I LOVE science, history, astronomy, philosophy, grammar, etc. I’m not particularly tidy. I yearn to be calm, rational and focused, but spontaneity, sentimentality, “sensibility,” and blunt candor are my tried and true mainstays!"
"Leonard M. Castrianno, 30, New York, N.Y."
"Ex Libris (Anne Fadiman)"
"The number of photographers who focus soley on abstraction of architecture or it forms a large part of thier body of work could be counter on one hand and include Judith Turner (forth image), Helene Binet (fifth image), Roland Fischer (third image) and to a lesser extent Michael Wolf (first image) & Natalia Andrianova (second image)."
"Blueberries: 3rd – SU concord crush, 2nd – SU island indigo, and 1st – SU baja breeze"
"Cook about 3 hours at 350 deg then turn down to 300 for another hour or so, or until it is as tender as you would like."
"When I, sitting, heard the astronomer, where he lectured with much applause in the lecture-room,"
"Jennifer is a single mother in her forties and has children aged 4, 13 and 18. She home schools her younger children and her 18 year old daughter is the magazine’s photographer and subeditor."
"No cooking for me today. My oven died last Thanksgiving Day and I have not bothered to resurrect it yet. I try not to use my oven in the warmer months (which is most of the year) because it heats up the house, but I do like to have it in the couple of cold months we do have to help keep the house warm and smell those yummy comfort foods wafting from it."
"That God has shouted, \"Yes! Yes! Yes!\""
"In the 1932 elections, the Nazi upsurge amounted to 43.5% in the Breslau electoral division, 48% in Liegnitz - both in Lower Silesia - but only 29.2% in Upper Silesia, where the Catholic Centre remained strong. The Communists were also stronger in Upper Silesia than in Lower Silesia, though they only got 17% even there. As the world knows, in 1933, Paul von Hindenburg, the president after whom my mother's birthplace had been renamed, faced with the danger of civil war, decided to invite Adolf Hitler to become Chancellor. That was in January. On 27th February the Reichstag went up in flames, and the purge of the Left began. Communist and Social Democratic politicians were dragged off to 'wild' concentration camps, many of them murdered. Hermann Goering drafted a new law - to reform the civil service. The police came under this law, and my grandfather's career was severely threatened."
"Could it stand to reason that the same demand applies to young adult fiction? The mystical world of monsters, magic, and teen angst only rings true to those with flowing hair and ivory skin, and my question is why?"
"\"Are you like Charles?\" Meg asked."
"Imagine that day, when the pain is gone and the kidney is settled, and I will be able to go to bed without being hooked up and smile to myself in the dark and say:"
"Our theme for February is \"Leaps and Bounds\". I did a layout on Spring Blooms. My girls love when the cherry blossoms bloom. When the blossoms start to fall off the trees, they call it their pink snow."
"Ironman is extremely difficult and requires months and months of training. It is the ultimate race boasting a total of 140.6 miles completed. Even the smaller Half-Ironman yields 70.3 miles traveled. Iron Girl however, is a sprint distance triathlon yielding a total of 21.2 miles (give or take a few miles, depending upon the race)."
"Buy the above 6 items for a special price of $47.50!"
"This way you are staying true to yourself, true to your voice, but you’ve grown new ideas, new perspectives, new points of view."
"With polls showing a large majority of Americans weary with the war, the president’s aides have discussed whether to accelerate current plans, which call for withdrawing 23,000 troops by September. In Chicago, the United States and NATO allies will ratify a shift in the mission in 2013 from a combat role to one focused on counterterrorism and training of Afghan security forces."
"the genome of you, illness is doing its work."
"the good news is:"
"Tounge Attachement: Tower Icecream Tounge- Razzberry"
"Optional: sour cream for topping"
"It's different from the moment you drink wine or spirits - it's more egalitarian, more sociable. It's not just about the flavour, nor the alcohol. It's about the centuries of tradition and ritual, the counterpoint to an increasingly stressful life, and the commonality, the fact that it means the same thing to so many."
"The science or branch of biology dealing with animals."
"Auntie MA"
"Letter F Pattern"
"But you will always be to me"
"Sweet Cobra"
"Although not unhappy about his eventual departure, the Matron didn't really mind Joe and his haphazard ways. Just another big kid in the house. Kid indeed -- he would spend hours hanging with Scarlett and her friends, happy to chat with 8th grade girls. Big happy family scenes with the Matron, her husband and other children in and out of the family room, but Joe a fixture, chatting and laughing with the girls whenever they were around."
"D-Branes, Dance of the Gauge Bosons in Vacuum and Tadpole Diagrams at Play involve creative and somewhat whimsical re-use of common symbols and symbolic ideas in Physics (with that capital “P”). Ever since I was a girl, there’s always been a corner of my mind that imagined numbers and symbols as animate. I’ve often caught myself assigning personalities and backstories to my mathematical objects. What do they do when they finish working for us, and where do they go home to chill? I believe these works of art give appropriate neighborhoods to some hard working mathematical ideas. I’m not sure the tadpole diagrams are actually hard-working, but we’ll give them the benefit of the doubt."
"Ian Ayre has set the cat amongst the pigeons with his recent comment about Liverpool Football negotiating their own overseas TV rights. He probably didn’t even think about the amount of vitriol that would be heading his way when he declared that to the Guardian that “Personally I think the game-changer is going out and recognising our brand globally. Maybe the path will be individual TV rights like they do in Spain”"
"Appendix of New Chants for the Graduale (post-1962)"
"This is just an area for me to vent, share and hopefully if you are still reading, possibly entertain. I will do my best to not hold back and if you have questions feel free to ask in my comments."
"I forgot my camera when we took this trek to the \"Up House\". So this is taken with my iPhone just as it was getting dark. Pictures not so great, but the memories made with my girls, priceless! This picture show my daughter Cheyanne in the red jacket and her sweet friend Jori in the blue jacket."
"Headlights - Morning Parade"
"Does your heart burn with a passion for God? Have you confessed all known sin? Do you tolerate any doubtful habits? Do you listen for the Holy Spirit’s voice? Do people around you even know you are a follower of Jesus? Today is the first day of the rest of your life. Follow Jesus today."
"True an NDP opposition is a major improvement over a Liberal opposition but a majority government that barely listened to the Opposition when it was in the minority will ignore the Opposition in majority.Yes, the party that bent over backwards to gain the support of the opposition, and got a stab in the back for its troubles, is now free to tell them to take a hike. And yet, in victory, Harper still found the resolve and the goodwill to offer the olive branch to his losing opponents - or at least their voters. Would the NDP have done the same?"
"I love tiaras so much, so I put them first! You can buy tiaras anywhere, but my favorite one is the one pictured above from Jesus Diamante. I often wear my tiara late at night when I'm writing or sewing ♥"
"Could I make the suggestion that anyone reading this column who is part of any organisation which administers the provision of books, reading and ideas about books think about convening a conference or many conferences or a national conference organised around this matter? As a suggestion, perhaps the brief for the conference would be to create useful working blueprints for schools to use, adapt and develop. The cue or headline for such a conference could be the Ofsted recommendation. Again, I would suggest that those who have already worked up blueprints for this: the NUT, Booktrust, the Reading Agency, the National Literacy Trust and Calderdale (Deborah Bullivant), CLPE, UKLA, the Campaign for the Book, Just Read and anywhere else/anyone else could put this together."
"I am also entering the card into this week's Paper Sundaes challenge 'Favourite hair colour combinations'. I can just about manage a tiny bit of shading on the face using two colours and at the moment for hair-colouring I play it safe with 'Caramel' and 'Tan' in the Promarkers range and 'Shale' if i want to go darker. On this image I used the 'Tan' marker solo."
"Plus something is really wrong with my mother again (she had agressive hormonal breastcancer a couple years ago, and some things are not going so well now..."
"We picked the location and dates pretty effortlessly. Now, if we could just decide on a damn resort we;d be golden. We visted a travel agent and she recommended three popular sites. My friend then went home and researched what seemed like 450 more. For some reason, she can’t seem to make up her mind on a place."
"I see him for the first time and suddenly, nothing else matters to me in the world."
"Winter's embrace will gather"
"Can't believe we've already been in school for over a month now! There is so much work going on and my beautiful school room is atrocious... mostly because a day without art for my kids is like a day without food! Cracks me up since \"artsy\" is the last word I'd use to describe myself! Love and blessings to all of you!"
"The scope of the Court's consideration of Paroc's appeal was thus limited to the question of the correctness of refusing to register the mark in relation to the class 37 services."
"For each week there is either a Scripture verse or an encouraging quote to help us spiritually in our walk with the Lord as well as gain wisdom and insight for daily living. And at the end of each week there is a page for notes and prayer requests. I use mine for writing down the sermon notes from our pastor’s messages as well as any prayer requests that are mentioned."
"Daniel Craig need a wrist watch because of so many attributes. What about you ?? In order to often be a criminal, you’ll need to get your criminal gear jointly. A criminal view will arm you with a number of the gear you may need all at one time."
"As long as I’m listening to Selena Gomez."
"For book publishers, the relevant market isn’t readers (direct sales are few), but booksellers, and Amazon has firm control of bookselling’s online future as it works to undermine bookselling’s remaining brick-and-mortar infrastructure. Amazon controls every growing segment of the industry: online physical books, downloadable audio books, online used books, and e-books. Amazon commands about 75% of the online market for print books, and 60% of the e-book market (a percentage that decreased from Amazon’s reported 90% two years ago, as a result of agency pricing)."
"I realized that without even meaning to, I'd sort of decided that I wanted to be David Levithan."
"5. Was that enough? Nope. They then swabbed my hands for explosives, and put the swabs through the sniffer machine."
"Miniature Painter and Royal Patronage"
"“But it isn’t just the project.” She managed that holier-than-thou tone he hated. “You also got D’s on both tests, and never bothered coming in after school to make them up.”"
"Me: C, it's waaa-aaaay...too early. I'm still sleeping... come back later."
"Maybe because I've been feeding him this?"
"(Six Pack Ranch # 3)"
"That is just a letter a week for six weeks."
"Here is Alexa's introductory piece:"
"So. What made me change my mind? Well, when I asked for a quotation from KDRM in Port Klang, I was told that I needed to pay about RM31K for my Camry. Fine. I then called KDRM in Kota Kinabalu to ascertain the figure. Guess what? The KK custom official who did my case had a different quotation. It was RM62K! DOUBLE the amount given by Port Klang custom. Crazy right? Shouldn't the formula for import tax be standard across the country? KK custom looks pretty shady to me now."
"Harris S, Ahlfors K, Ivarsson S, Lernmark B, Svanberg L. Congenital cytomegalovirus infection and sensorineural hearing loss. Ear Hear 1984; 5: 352-355."
"...today's word is Violet. We don't have a winner yet, but it's super close!!"
"Fortunately, I knew someone who did these amazing maps by hand & would recreate a much smaller, more weddingish version of the information I needed my guests to know."
"[Update, Tuesday, 9.28am: Joe Neff's article in today's N&O is worth reading in full, if only for the sheer entertainment value. It ranges from the bizarre (the attendance of a figure who has argued that an owl(!), rather than Michael Peterson, killed Peterson's wife) to the ridiculous:"
"Developers could choose to either steer around such lands, or get a permit that would also require a mitigation plan, such as acquiring other suitable habitat elsewhere for conservation purposes."
"Who got her cable and internet turned off, leaving her with only power and her Bible for a few months? This sister."
"When I started this line of full spectrum paints over ten years ago, it was with the intent that I keep my pricing in line with major paint manufacturers so that it would be affordable for everyone because I truly believe (& get constant feedback) that our paints are healing, bringing joy and balance to everyone who comes into contact with them. Due to the scarcity of one of the most important ingredients in good paint, titanium; all paint manufacturers have increase their prices as many as 4 times a year over the past couple of years. However, even at our increased prices, it all comes down to only 15 cents per square foot for our most popular VOC-free “certified green” Lifemaster product. Considering that paint makes the biggest impact on any space, covering far more surface than anything else, it’s still a bargain! Here’s a link to the pricing information: Pricing and Product Data"
"4. The cute diagrams in each chapter, add to a reader’s curiosity."
"Believe it or not, I started this piece just before the baby was born, and was working on it while we were down the shore on vacation and his mom was in labor with him. Andrew, or Drew as he is better known, took his own sweet time getting here. It's a good thing he's such a cutie - his mom was in labor for almost two days!"
"I paid the price for not accepting Responsibility and ultimately lost my job. I am not proud of that, but it was a learning experience. Like it or not, you can not hold onto something and give up Responsibility for it at the same time. Either take Responsibility and find a way to produce or move on."
"I think my least favorite meal was anything with Tuna. OMG *belch* that makes me want to barf just thinking about it. She made some kind of tuna souffle with like egg in it or something that made it stink and it was fluffy. I think my mom called it Tuna Surprise."
"To see the changes of God, we have to fight for our marriage. To give the honor and the victory to King Jesus at all times. Your genuine actions in Christ can determine your spouse’s response to everything God has in store for the both of you. Trust that God will show up and show off His very nature (power)."
"to be careful cause"
"we left them in for too long."
"WILSON, Bruce Cameron May 21st,1958 June 19th, 2011 Passed away unexpectedly and too soon. Bruce was born in Vancouver and resided at 8049 Angus Drive with his loving family. He graduated from Magee High School before studying further in France, California and back to UBC."
"I HATED the film. HATED it. However, it is sometimes quite enjoyable to hate something. I kept on making a repetitive head-shaking motion throughout it and John kept on looking at me and laughing. The Woody Allen-alterego Owen Wilson plays is a hack-screenwriter who wants to write a Great American Novel, which in Allen's perception (as well as the mainstream canonical perception) is exclusively male and connects of course to Fitzgerald and Hemingway. The character enters some sort of campy dreamscape at midnight while wandering around Paris where he finds himself suddenly in the Lost Generation's 20s, and Gertrude Stein played by Kathy Bates who plays Gertrude Stein like she's a gregarious yet butchy Minnesota housewife reads his tepid realistic novel about a nostalgia shop, and he hangs out with Hemingway and Zelda and Scott, and a femme-enfant played by Marion Cotillard who is Picasso's mistress. Allen treats these figures of modernism like a Disneyworld exhibit, like It's A Small World Afterall or some nonsense, they're played for campy jokes and one-liners, which is fine, in the case of Dali, who babbles about rhinoceros for a few minutes on screen, but in the case of Stein and the Fitzgeralds, who have repeated scenes, comes off as really grossly laughable and not saying anything particuarly interesting about that period or the human condition or why we cling to these myths. Zelda is played rather brothily by the actress Allison Pill, and Allen of course just replays all the easy myths - she is depicted as not even charming but just off her meds, at one point in the film Owen Wilson and Marion Cotillard find her dippy self about to jump into the Seine, no real reason is given, except that she's a crazy chick, and she babbles something about how Scott doesn't love her anymore, and Wilson steps in and firmly hands her shoulders and is all like - No, Scott only has eyes for you, I know that - and the joke is supposed to be that Wilson as a contemporary reader understands the Fitzgerald mythology, even though even Scott's biographer would admit that Scott totally played around and fucked actresses, etc., and the idea that Zelda's scenes she threw was only due to some girlish jealousy is really quite bogus, a word she would have used. The scene with them and Hemingway is so ridiculous, and I feel like Woody Allen read Hemingway's A Movable Feast on the toilet or something and went with that. Zelda is all like (to Hemingway) Did you read my story? Like a dumb girl, and Hemingway didn't, of course, and Scott weakly protests to him that she has talent, as if Scott was Zelda's agent or something, and she storms off, and Hemingway tells Scott that Zelda is standing in the way of his talent, and then later on Owen Wilson is remembering the evening, and remembering that Hemingway is right - that Zelda stood in the way of Scott's genius, but of course he was so in love with her the Wilson romantic understood. The idea that these women stood in the way of their husband's masterpieces, as opposed to midwifing them and helping steward them along, serving not only as inspiration but copyeditors, etc., is so much part of our contemporary romantic consciousness and Allen's film is just a microwaved version of these stories that brew inside the men who have the confidence to want to be the Next Big Thing, while girls just want to go throw themselves into a great body of water and wash away. And Djuna Barnes appears as a punchline - Owen Wilson is Charlstoning with some women, it is pointed out to him that it was her, and he says, \"No wonder why she wants to lead,\" and Alice B. Toklas answers the door but isn't even given a line."
"Obama appointed two women to the Supreme Court, both of whom think the Constitution was written on silly putty. One had never been a judge."
"Sewing knits has suddenly become fast and fun after learning how to use the overlocking foot on my sewing machine. Now I have pretty finished edges and don't have to fiddle with all the french seams and other finishes I use to do."
"I arrived early enough to have a brunch of hot gratons and Budweiser beer. They were serving the beer ice cold, in those petite 10oz cans. I worked up quite a thirst jogging back to the beer booth every time I drained one of those little cans."
"Band leaders aren’t the guys that get the glory. They give the glory – stepping out in high time to celebrate the team, to honor the school, to send a chill down your spine and rouse a cheer on your lips. It’s a generous, selfless role – and nobody played it better than George Parks."
"8pm, thursday 21 June 2012"
"Destined to Overcome It is my prayer that you will allow the Lord to bless you with abundant life, great joy, and a fresh wind of strength that will carry you and your family through to victorious days ahead! To help you, my husband and I have created a Web site that sends out daily prayers and scriptural encouragement for parents, family and friends of children with special needs."
"Posted by Patrick & Amanda at 10:19 PM 0 comments"
"So far, out of the 26 people who have stepped up to the plate, no one has managed to clean it up."
"It transcends reality and sits on our shared chromosomes"
"But the point that i would like to understand and also know from you recruiters out there is how do you tackle such situations. I know most of you might say that we need to have back up offers and 2nd 3rd 4th Plan ready. But does it always help !!!! Also there have been a number of fourms where blacklisting the dropouts candidates was an option that’s picking up momentum. I’m not sure if this really works, May be, May be not."
"My two teenagers in the end were a little bit non-plussed by the whole experience, but still captivated and engaged despite themselves. So much so that we're already planning to spring a Buster Keaton retrospective on the two of them for the next evening when we're all at home. And while they may not have loved the movie as much as their Dad and I did, they did adore the dog!"
"Boo has no experience in government administration work, and I sympathize and feel sorry for him as he is facing internal conflicts, so he is unable to carry out his responsibilities as a state assemblyman during the meetings of the state’s legislative assembly."
"I'm very happy with it in general. I don't think that I will sell it anytime soon. It's super sweet but it's also black so I can wear it on many occasions."
"November 5, 1993"
"Weakness: As good as the Gators are at shooting the three, they’re equally as bad as defending it. Florida allows its opponents to shoot close to 36 percent from behind the arc. That’s not good enough in the tournament. Three-point shooting is too important for them to not defend better. They could be out of this tournament quickly if they don’t defend the three better."
"One of the more surprising moves, though, might be iLounge’s contention that Apple will launch the iPhone 5 with a new Dock connector featuring fewer pins than the 30-pin option found across its mobile devices today. The new connector is “closer to a pill shape” and will find its way to all future mobile devices the company launches, according to iLounge."
"I absolutely love the way her room turned out! The colors are a little off in some of these pictures as the blue is a little more vibrant (think tiffany box blue). I really cannot wait to see her sweet face sleeping in this girly room!"
"The shooting is completed through the 2 o-clock right the watch, then when using it by your side, just remainder your chin in your hands and picture away. Situation your self so the view is going at what you want to picture and initiate shooting if you are completely ready."
"Please also do be sure to check out the wealth of information that is available on the Infallibles from my dear friends and enablers:"
"‘Yeah, I guess I’ll need more lessons from Edward down at the shop.’"
"I am not 100% convinced that the government is going to turn Ofsted's 'recommendation' into a government 'request' or 'requirement'. As you might imagine, I tried as passionately as I could to put the case for the government to ask this of schools, on the basis that the consequence of doing so would benefit all pupils everywhere but in particular those from homes where there are no books."
"My 2002 contract with Random House for the anthology Sit-Down Comedy specified a 50% royalty on any future e-book version. A fortnight ago, they sent me a letter saying they want to only pay 25% instead of 50% on any eBook version because the contracted 50% royalty rate “was arrived at before the UK eBook market had begun to develop and before the extent of our digital investment was known. Since this royalty was agreed, the eBook market has moved on greatly but, in the process, we have found that 50% of net revenues is no longer viable”."
"885 *D-IX/1/1984. “The Fundamental Alternatives for Leo Strauss.” Clarement Institute for the Study of Statesmanship Panel, Annual Convention, American Political Science Association, Washington, D.C. (Incorporated in Item C-2002(1), pp. 171-76.)"
"The giveaway will start today and go through April 31st and then on May 1st I will announce the winner. Give it a try, see what you think. ENJOY!!!"
"Scream as cat jumps from top of fridge onto your head. Try to sooth her so she does not rip out anymore hair. Get on the ground hoping she will get bored and let go on her own."
"(If you want a thicker payasam you can add more green gram and less coconut milk)"
"Today I'm looking at 201 Knitting Motifs, Blocks, Projects & Ideas by Nicki Trench who also wrote Cute & Easy Crochet which I reviewed last year. As the title suggests, there are a lot of different projects and patterns included in this book."
"Have you ever gone through a power outage? Most if not all of us have. Depending on the reason for the outage whether it be a storm or , overload at the power plant even a down hydro pole in your area without power in today’s society we often will panic. We use candles, flashlights, torches, matches anything to get light back into our lives. Rarely do we sit in the dark and think “Hmmmmm there’s no light”. When the power goes out we jump up and ensure everyone is safe and grab as many lights as we can.If we were to just sit there in the dark or tried to walk about without light you would a) get nothing done or b) get hurt stumbling around your surroundings."
"And he who eats of this bread,"
"08 Cigarettes and Alcohol"
"ER. Can you tell us a little about the symposium itself and what it hopes to achieve?"
"Pina Colada: 4"
"Right about know, I would usually talk about the character. Did I say talk? Well, I mean moan. Anyway, I am now going to talk about the book in general, for I have this illusion that the normal three paragraphs isn't quite enough to express my fangirly love of this book. Please expect an over adundance of caps lock and excalmation marks. Though a little slow at first, Nomansland turned out the perfect read for the mood I was in at the time I read it. It has a fantastic plot, a pretty cover and characters that didn't annoy me to much. By the end, they had all grown on me. The concept is one enjoyed (did I mention that already? Fiddlesticks, I am running out of material to yap on about!) - because who does not enjoy strong female characters that I shall be inserting my opinion where it was not wanted down below. In the next paragraph adventure and such with entrail! (Yes, I am just kidding. The only adventure you will go on with me is to my book shelf.)"
"After this introduction, the full force of the method it brought to bear. It comes across as powerful indeed -- traditional good cop/bad cop routine creates an irony whereby the subject believes he has a choice. Scorcese does away with the facade, presenting a situation where the subject is faced with no choice at all."
"My husband is a beef/bacon man. He loves his beef. I have switched him over to ground turkey for most of our meals, which is the healthier choice. However, all these meats have something in common when you cook with them. They leave grease. Our original solution was to use plastic cups. Which isn't a horrible idea, until they melt with the hot grease and it creates a horrid mess. Not to mention it is wasteful. I decided that there had to be an easier solution. I took an old coffee can, and commandeered it to use as a grease container. The best part? It can sit in plain sight on my counter for easy access, or under my sink and no one is the wiser. Take a quick look:"
"“From the time I took over as ANC chairman in the province I have matured everyday like wine,” Mabuza said."
"I actually have the next TWO days off, as it’s Paul’s birthday on Tuesday. We were going to go down to Whitstable tomorrow and spend the day/night there, but rain is forecast, and Whitstable is no fun in the rain so we’re staying at home instead. We will potter around tomorrow and see his family in the evening for a celebratory meal, and then spend a day together on Tuesday, probably in London village. I’m on the look-out for a decent exhibition or something, although I’m thoroughly tempted to take him to watch Titanic 3D at the Imax. I’m not sure he’d ever forgive me though…"
"Until routine child vaccination became widespread in the 1940s, pertussis caused thousands of fatalities each year in the United States. While deaths are uncommon today, they still occur: In recent weeks, infants in New Mexico and Idaho have died from the disease."
"I get really touchy feely. I also do this eye lock/bottom lip bite."
"copics only. You are welcome to use any coloring medium to complete your"
"On the other hand, heavy-handed(using the definition of harsh,oppressive and melodrama) films mostly bang their message loud and clear without leaving any shit behind. They use bombastic music and melodramatic dialog to tell you how you should feel in this instance. They have loud, over the top action and stuff that just get their message across without holding anything back. There are sure no room for introspection within the film because everything is spelled up clearly for you."
"When I looked out my window this morning I wanted to go straight bacck to bed though. The world was all white, covered in snow. Heavy, wet snow. Yet I did rise and had my breakfast. Made my way out through the snow to the mailbox to collect the Saturday morning paper. Read it."
"“I want parents to know it’s a possibility their kids are doing this … I want them to talk to their kids about the way they do about safe sex or drugs."
"We would like you to volunteer to go before a South African court and show how Tongo is lying. We believe that this would help the public understand the following questions:"
"Present Day:"
"Today was Wednesday, and therefore, it was a shorter day than usual. On Wednesdays we are supposed to have a tutorial time during second hour. But guess what I have second hour? Band. So guess what we didn’t get? That’s right. Tutorial time."
"But I didn't because on one of our daily outings - last Thursday - he led me into the woods at Overton Park on his own. And then Sunday he surprised me again."
"So, since I'll be learning about organizational behavior tonight and not sipping on a Guinness I'll just have to relive some of March 2007."
"A lot of the Krafty Girls are cardmakers and we have found these to be such a quick and easy way to add a sentiment to our creations but they are also perfect for your Smashbook pages and your scrapbook pages, not to mention your altered items!! I can’t wait to see them used everywhere!!!"
"Shortly after the devastating earthquakes and subsequent tsunami that left so many dead, missing and homeless in Japan in March this year and New Zealand, I was asked to contribute to a charity anthology called Spirit of Hope by the UK’s new non-profit organisation The Comic Book Alliance."
"“Seriously. You know we have to get up at 4:30. Not tonight,” I said."
"\"Have you got any friends? I really need more dogs?\""
"*** ORIGINAL POST***"
"Anywho, I really really (cross your fingers) really am going to try to keep up with this blog more frequently, I super promise. I have many more stories of events that have transpired over the past few months, and I need to entertain yall with them, just so you can convince me I'm not as crazy as I think I am. :)"
"It is so motivating to have music when working out. It energizes me and makes the time fly (particularly if at a gym on a machine like a treadmill or elliptical)."
"Smell: 4"
"Crowd: Booo!"
"- Crackdown (huge world…even bigger than GTA!!!)"
"See what I mean? My Love covers a multitude of sins, Little One."
"APPLY NOW!"
"'The Quiet Stars' by John Saul"
"Comforting Skin writer and first-time feature film director Derek Franson originally began on this project back in 1994 and, after various setbacks and false starts, his surreal film is at last a reality. Recently premièred at the Vancouver Film Festival, Franson’s supernatural thriller follows Koffie (Victoria Bidewell), a lonely woman who lacks any self-confidence and who feels that she neither fits in nor stands out. One night, seemingly on a whim, she decides to have a tattoo and she becomes enchanted by it, but is then disturbed by it as the tattoo starts whispering to her (voiced by Bidewell) and moves around her body. Her relationship with her body art takes a downward spiral, affecting the few relationships she does have around her. But is the animated tattoo real or just a figment of a fracturing imagination? Canadian-born composer Alain Mayrand, whose playful orchestral score for the animated film The Legend of Silkboy (released in 2010), has written a score for chamber orchestra (strings, woodwinds and piano) that concentrates on the fragile mental state of Koffie and her ultimately destructive relationship with her tattoo. He uses atonal and somewhat dissonant techniques – and how these methods are contrasted with more melodic musical interludes – to build an aural world that’s both gloomy and claustrophobic, establishing mood rather than following any action."
"There is a song by the Talking Heads written in 1980 called Once in a Lifetime. I love this song, not only because it harkens to the nostalgia of my youth but because it has both odd and poignant lyrics. One line goes “you may ask yourself, well, how did I get here?”"
"I shall repeat it once and for all – any online encyclopaedia is to be used responsibly. However, the authors claim that it is not less reliable than other encyclopaedias, since it is dynamically created by scholars. Errors committed in articles are quickly corrected and the site grows larger and larger. It is also easily noticeable that names of well-known fathers of linguistics such as Chomsky or Yule appear frequently in the sources, alas the information does not come from nowhere."
"$1 off Digiorno Deep Dish Pizza"
"the UK in general"
"I have been married to my assumed to be faithful husband for 5 years. Last weekend, I found an online dating profile that he had filled out. He hadn’t submitted his profile yet but half of it was filled out. In the ‘About Me’ section, he said that he was a married man looking for a discreet relationship. When I confronted him about it, he told me it wasn’t cheating because the profile was never posted. Is the intention of cheating still considered cheating?"
"Bought another set of ear rings/studs today! I love this shop so much!"
"One marketing tool I believe is very effective is to post on other people’s blogs. People read their own blog. I think building community is more important than direct marketing. Making connections with the movers and shakers in the business is also important. That’s the reason I was just at RT and will be attending Thrillerfest in July."
"Getting There:"
"emphasis was placed on their 1968 “Anthem of the Sun” release,"
"A: “Good, I liked the colors of my pajamas.”"
"striped pijamas. He did a good job telling the conflict."
"hard, and unrelenting. However, after being subjected to the boiling water, it"
"documentary of this seminal band and another worthwhile"
"Freedom is the only way yeah,"
"#2 - Judith"
"At the end of that first season we had a little chat. It may very well be that my kid never becomes a superstar, but as long as he is having fun….."
"Anyway earlier at the Summer Fayre, between Declan and myself we had 7 tries on the tombola, he won a jar of pasta sauce, and I won a bottle of vinegar, bottle of Isla Nigra red wine, jar of chili sauce, jar of mixed fruit jam, a bottle of white wine (thus given to dad for father’s day next week)."
"Thank You, God, for giving me the morning back."
"I didn't take a lot pictures of my birthday. I thought I would, but I was pleasently surprised that I somehow turned off the blog switch for the day. All photos from lady mendl's site."
"Keep in mind these are the exact same trains and tracks they can play with at any time in their own home. Just not as cool as the big show mini track. I get it guys…shooting hoops in the gym was cooler than the driveway. (what you just witnessed was my weak rationalization…apologies)."
"We welcome book proposals on a wide variety of subjects including, but not limited to the following: anarchist history and theory broadly construed; individual anarchist thinkers; anarchist-informed analysis of current issues and institutions; and anarchist or anarchist-inspired movements and practices. Proposals informed by anti-capitalist, feminist, ecological, indigenous, and non-Western or global South anarchist perspectives are particularly welcome. So, too, are projects that promise to illuminate the relationships between the personal and the political aspects of transformative social change, local and global problems, and anarchism and other movements and ideologies. Above all, we wish to publish books that will help activist scholars and scholar activists think about how to challenge and build real alternatives to existing structures of oppression and injustice."
"Use Los Angeles as the city of origin or place to convert from."
"First, what is a “zero sum” game?"
"From an orientation for fruition"
"- Weed mat"
"Martin-Vachon joins HSN from Nordstrom, where she served as the chief marketing officer responsible for all marketing, visual merchandising and marketing operations for Nordstrom, Nordstrom.com and Nordstrom Rack. In this role, she is credited with growing Nordstrom’s new customer file."
"06/20 - Concord, CA Sleep Train Pavilion"
"To the Person who swapped a pair of bikini cut briefs for grandma panties in the 5 pack (of larger than normal, thanks for asking) I bought this week at Target,"
"But....regardless....being able to watch a few intimate minutes in the life of a skunk was a treat."
"“Jeet Kune Do” Jonan replied."
"I love salt. I have always loved salt. My son reminds me sometimes that salt is not a side dish. I don’t listen. I consume vast quantities of salt far above the national average. I am over 100 pounds overweight (but shrinking) and by most estimates, at high risk for high blood pressure and heart disease due to my overconsumption of salt. If you have spent anytime with me at all in the last year, you have probably heard me brag about my medical check up last year. No?!? Let me tell you about it. Cholesterol – 187! Blood pressure – 120 over 75! Sodium, triglycerides, etc. – normal, normal normal! I have to tell you that as the doctor is telling me this, I just started laughing. I told her, “you know, this is just going to validate all my bad behaviors!”"
"Don’t get me wrong, I have nothing against the jegging or the skinny jean. In fact, I think in most cases, they are very flattering on all differently body styles., including mine. I just don’t wear tight clothing and feel weird in it. I feel like an imposter into the land of fashion. For so long fashion to me has meant skinny. I have spent most of my life trying to find fashionable clothes in the land of plus size clothing. This has been an epic failure until recently. Thank god designers have come to their senses in the last 10 years. Plus size clothing has jumped leaps and bounds and is now really very fashionable in its own right. But the programming is ingrained and I can’t come to the conclusion that I can be fashionable at any size. Especially since I still see myself as I was, not as I am. 22 v. 16 is a big difference."
"09. Café de la jungle - Telex / 1:08"
"Because we love to party we thought we have kicked off our premier show a little early and thrown out a challenge both yesterday and today - and there is a new one coming tomorrow.....than the rest of the stars will come out and dazzle you for over 24 hours straight starting bright and"
"18/04/2012 1340BST Update: CNN: 170 women and girls were hospitalized with suspected poisoning. See http://edition.cnn.com/2012/04/18/world/asia/afghanistan-girls-poisoned/index.html?eref=edition&utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=cnni"
"Having systems in place, a booth that is well put together, an ad that is well constructed with great copy, a 3 month marketing campaign prior to your event, and the energy to meet and greet your customer is essential."
"Royle"
"Tshika recommended that the fencing be removed and replaced with a brick boundary wall – which happened."
"Now as this is in a tiny hamlet, with small streets, the only way the driver thought he could maneuver was to put the nose of the truck in the field opposite the house."
"Among the broad range of vague offences included under this Bill, are the threat to public order or security, and disaffection against the Yang di-Pertuan Agong."
"So did you give up anything for Lent and, if so, how’s it going?"
"Also, how blacks are looked at by other races are really offensive, check this link out about the koreans poking fun"
"Combine the water and tea in a medium saucepan, bring to a boil, and then turn off the heat and let steep for 5 minutes. Use a fine mesh strainer or cheesecloth to strain the liquid over a large bowl; discard the tea leaves. Transfer the liquid back to the saucepan and bring to a boil, then decrease the heat to a simmer. Add the salt, sugar, butter, and half-and-half and whisk until the butter has completely dissolved and a little foam forms on the surface. Serve the tea in small bowls."
"So after our last change, we have a blog post that has a title, body, and author. The piece of information that we forgot, though, is when the post was written. Unlike the author field, this is something that we want to be a required attribute for every post, so we don’t want any null values for the new column in the database. So now we’ll add this new date to our domain object. With the new field added the class looks like this:"
"You see there is a reason I am friends with my children on facebook (well only Zara, because her brothers keep un-friending me). It’s for safety, namely theirs. Especially in the case of a fast maturing almost-thirteen year old who is just a tad boy-crazy."
"I looked forward to it year after year."
"1. Bring all ingredients to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer for 20-25 minutes until a glossy syrup has formed. It will thicken as it cools."
"Genuflex – Soul Love (Manimal Vinyl Records)"
"Remember to post your projects using Inlinkz no later than 12:00 noon Central time on Friday, June 3, 2011. We will announce the winner of the stamp set and the new Top Mouse Award winners when the new sketch challenge is posted on Saturday, June 4th. Please use a direct link to your project and feel free to enter as many times as you like!"
"I decided to come to San Francisco originally because I have family here, and it was about as far away from college as I could get without needing a passport. When I came back in 1998, I lived with my aunt while I looked for an apartment, no small task during the dot com boom. I finally landed a place in Hayes Valley and got a job in South Park that gave me a front row seat to the rise and fall of the startups. It was a spectacular time to be young in San Francisco."
"Level 6: Damage: +6%, Critical Rate: +6%."
"Sun, 11:45pm: Immense gratitude."
"Hold on..."
"Add cheese and nutmeg, stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper if needed. Add peas and parsley, toss well."
"Apple sold 15.4 million iPads in Q4 — up 39 percent from the 11.1 million sold in Q3 — but its tablet PC market share slipped to 57 percent from 64 percent over the same period, IHS said."
"Money and Possessions"
"Look, as I’ve said, Albert Pujols is great. At some point, he will likely come out of this “funk” and begin to “earn his hefty keep.” I’m sure the Angel’s intention was to get the best of his home run ball for the next few seasons, and he certainly can hit ‘em! It seemed a worthy investment; a bold move for a team and an owner whohas been close to contention each of the past few seasons."
"Right there in that moment is when he penned the awe-inspiring words:"
"In my personal opinion – based upon the evidence I have collected and analysed – most of these problems other citizens whine endlessly about are a result of (A) citizens who lack honourable problem solving skills; and (B) overpopulation colliding with declining or scarce resources."
"Which brings me to this month's Gluten-Free Ratio Rally challenge: cookies."
"finding a new world"
"We joined the Club Med gym because it's the closest to our apartment - only about a 7 minute jog. Growing up I associated Club Med with vacations and cruises. Here it's all about funny Parisiens in Euro exercise outfits."
"The folks who are trying to get everything they can out of their system that they feel may no longer be socially acceptable once they hit 30."
"This suggests to me that there are real benefits in any decision making when we can find ways to keep it about the decision. That’s what a secret ballot is all about. I’ve been harping on the idea that people don’t want the best decision, they want their decision to be best. Well, this is one way to remove the “their” part of the equation so that the group can focus on the best decision."
"The girl was probably between 10-12 years old. She came up to me shaking and wide-eyed. “Wow!” she cried."
"My poor friends were all in need of early nights due to long shifts in a hotel/hospital/lab - but I'm a bad influence and even got Natalie on the two-for-one cocktails."
"In the end I didn't need to give up writing, I didn't need to slow down my writing. I needed to be respectful of my children's feelings. My oldest was o.k. with hearing my word count. She would grumble a little, but I knew she was happy for me. My husband was always ready to congratulate me on my latest word pile. For the younger two we talked briefly and I agreed to block one of them from seeing my word count when I posted it on facebook, and I tried to avoid talking about my word count when they were in the room. As with so many tensions, this one passed and after a couple days was no longer much of an issue for any of us. The girls got farther into their own writing and began to feel better about what they were accomplishing. I kept writing while trying to stay available."
"\"Both oligarch and tyrant mistrust the people, and therefore deprive them of arms.\" - Aristotle"
"Sure. I think that anyone of us at some time or another has asked God that question, because we do not always understand why certain things happen in our lives."
"The next chore on our list is to clean up after the summer garden. We have to roll up the drip tape, and till the old plants under. It is also time to get my fall garden planted. I have been trying to hold off on planting my plants due to the heat."
"R6-7- ch1, sc in each sc."
"When I was reading back on some of my journal entries from the past few months, I think I was doing a self pity thing - and it's okay to feel sorry for yourself every so often, but when you start pitying yourself and only looking at the negative things, I really think that those things become your complete focus, and it becomes impossible to see the positives."
"Just today we were looking for winter hats and all the 6-12 month old size hats were gigantic on her. Poor girl is stuck with the newborn winter hats. :( What a peanut!"
"So back to Freeville. I liked seeing how Dickinson's story played out and that even after her husband left her with an infant to run off with his secretary, she had a great life. A fantastic one as did the other women in her family who'd been dealt a bad hand."
"Rejuvenation"
"Relatively speaking…"
"Dan – you suck."
"\"Have you ever wanted... an endless night?"
"Now, that way of covering the business is practically dead, but it wasn't just lack of resources that caused it -- not that Steinberg thinks it was. But I have my own spin on it. Thinking back, that sort of coverage, which amounted to endlessly chasing the same story, was a sign that we were covering a business that had grown incredibly static. Accounts came and went, as did agency owners, as did creative directors, but, at the end of the day, we were simply covering the movement of the same pieces around the industry chessboard over and over again. We didn't realize it at the time, but that's why the bar for what constituted news was so incredibly low."
"Am off to the Party soon and to visit all your wonderful creations. Take care, hugs Annette x"
"TRIVIA: Actor Ed Helms never had an adult incisor grow, and his fake incisor was taken out for the parts of filming where Stu’s tooth is missing."
"I hope everyone is having a safe and happy Monday!"
"It is so awesome to see students inspired enough to bring art home and do it for homework. I have a four day weekend and I have grad school homework to do that I've been putting off. . . wish I felt inspired to do it!"
"Paper - Coredinations White Cardstock, MME Kraft Funday Collection, Bo Bunny Patterned Paper"
"The Night Angel trilogy by Brent Weeks"
"“And penicillin is not friends with germs,” said Pierre."
"my glorious."
"As I explained what Picasso was doing in his art,"
"Whether you know one scripture or not."
"This week I want to make things a little more complicated because, of course, we live in a really complicated world. Photons act as both waves and particles. 83% of the universe is something called “dark matter” that we’re not even entirely sure exists. And, of course, the world is both challenging and seductive, in need of saving and savoring both."
"BG: Yeah, we all had names that Gary called us, names from videos mostly. Dave was Wild Thing. Hamid was La Forge. I was Willis. Gary said we had to use them when we were on missions."
"Is it notable for its time that Swift Lightning, the wolf hybrid who is more or less the “star” of the film, comes to a favorable conclusion? Probably not, since his symbolic value as a rather unsubtle stand-in for race and class issues plays to standard discourses that abound in early melodrama. At one point, a hotshot fur trader and rival for Jean’s attentions flies in with his Saint Bernard to help the stranded travelers. The trader, Hugo, seems intent on pairing his dog Buck with Firefly. Gaston, however, is suddenly ready to stand up for the wolf-dog whom he’s been pelting with objects for half the film. “Y’know, it’d be pretty raw if the Collie were to quit Swift Lightning now,” he says. “If he want her, why should he give her up?”"
"Prabhupada: Who said? Who is that rascal? The acarya does not require to be a pure devotee?"
"However, the statement by Astro Channel, which is owned by a multi-billionaire BN crony Ananda Krishnan, makes it clear that it puts so-called “National Content Regulations” before the independent and impartial news for which the BBC has a world-wide reputation."
"1) KEEP YOUR CURRENT BANK ACCOUNT. If you’ve been with Wellsfargo or Bank of America for years, don’t drop them. Besides the likely Billpay services, mortgages, loans, etc. connected to your account, there are benefits to being a long-time customer (e.g. they’ll drop certain charges if you complain to a manager). Get an ATM debit card through your current bank. This will be your back-up card."
"4. Next we went 2 inches lower and dipped the bottom 4 inches in the medium pink, then squeezed it out over the sink."
"The other day, I had a talk with a good friend of mine. We talked about a lot of different things, including writing. She asked me how my blog was going, and I told her the truth: That it pretty much wasn’t. That I write more on Hectic November than I do here."
"\"i have seen you here before.\" He tells me, \"i see this sign and i don't understand what you're trying to say... with a sign reading, 'you are loved'. i asked my co-worker and said, 'Should i stop and ask?' and he told me that i should and so today i finally did!\""
"(1) Loot. Every time Death chopped, slashed, or hammered his enemies, coinage and loot were abundant. Ultimately these can be added up for upgraded armor pieces."
"Yup. I've got to get myself on a better schedule and quick! I'm going to be a zombie once school starts if I don't get myself to bed by 1:00 or before."
"A: Two. One to change it, and another to secretly videotape what’s happening."
"Needless to say, after rewriting the opening scene, I dived into editing again. Man, it felt amazing. It felt so damn good to be immersing myself back into my own world and story. I had to drag myself out of it whenever Abby woke, but it was just so damn good to be back."
"Now, all of y'all know I do NOT \"do\" flowers! I see all of these lovely cards with absolute bouquets on them and see how beautiful they are....and then when I try to do that, it just looks like I've slapped some artificial flowers on there (as I've said before). I'm trying once again with this card though - and yes, it probably does look like I slapped them on here but I actually took my time with them and tried to arrange them in somewhat of a decent manner! I kept wanting to use \"the rule of three\", but three were too many, one was not enough, and two are what you get!!! That sort of sounds like Goldilocks and the Three Bears! LOL!! They're a mauve color and go with the pink and plum pretty good. I used the Heart embossing folder on the Pretty in Pink panel and the DP is from Paper Studio. I also used some Perfect Plum - it actually matches (in a lighter shade) the solid background on the DP but I can't get the camera to cooperate with that it seems! I off-set the oval and lacy oval nesti and then added the image that was colored with Prisma pencils."
"I have been getting a lot of email questions lately. Most of which I can't answer."
"- Isn't religion the thing you live, the thing that directs, and gives direction?"
"So that’s all I’ll say about The God of Small Things. I’m happy with my first set of books, though. In the immortal words of Meatloaf, two out of three ain’t bad."
"I have scored the music for a couple of movies. \"The Amazing Truth About Queen Raquela\" and \"Stóra Planið\" (“Higher Force”. I am recording a new record at the moment and am hoping to be able to release in sometime in mid-2009."
"This week I'm sharing my candles that I had lit last night. Usually this time of the year the weather starts warming up a bit but not this year! We are now getting the cold, wet weather we didn't get all winter! If I had a fireplace I would have it lit but since I live in an old apartment with no fireplace, I light my candles when I want it to feel warm and cozy in here. It looks so peaceful and serene but it isn't...."
"Viv wasn't just a bag; she was a stylish keeper of secrets – receipts, schedules, make-up and stealth purchases all dutifully zipped from the public eye. She once even harboured an iron – but that’s another story."
"At this point going to the beach in Dubai wasn't such fun. The water was warmer than bath water, and cooling off was not going to happen. We did try to go to the beach in the morning, but it wasn't much better. I'm not one for lying on the beach, it's just too boring. So we did a few other things. We went to Souk Madinat, once to look around, and once to take a trip on the little boats around the resorts surroinding it. There was even a sea turtle splashing around there. All we got to see of it was one of the flippers, but that's more than I've seen before. We also went to MoE and Ibn Battuta a few times. More of a relaxing week really, rather than trying to cram loads in."
"Thanks for stopping by . . ."
"why . . . the best buddy, of course!"
"One friend of mine said she was baptized in the name of the Trinity doctrine. But she was not satisfied. Hmm..what could it be? So she got baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. She got happy and said that is what I was looking for."
"Preservation Hall – Visitors should not leave New Orleans without seeing a 30 minute show of traditional Dixieland jazz at Preservation Hall. We met a family from England that had come to New Orleans just to see a performance. It’s that good. Being that legendary, you will need to wait in line for the $12 ticket if you want a seat. There are six benches that hold 20 people in the hall, and everyone else stands (it holds about 50-60 people). So it pays to wait outside about an hour before the show to guarantee a great seat."
"you need a ticket and a bottle of sweet smelling liquid."
"Here is the link to the whole calendar:"
"What a beautiful day today has been. The sun has been emitting its long warm rays and giving us a taste of warmth and sense of the seasons ahead. Signs of Spring are beginning to emerge from the recently snow covered soil. How much happier does it make us feel when we can spend time outside enjoying the free gifts of nature."
"TODAY’S VERSE"
"But I digress. I present Tin Woman v2.0:"
"So I bought Started Early, Took My Dog, ostensibly so Rachel (a.k.a. The Bird) could read it, as she's read a couple of the other Brodie books, and I found an inexpensive first edition of Case Histories so that I could start reading the series too. But I'm not very far into it yet, and I get the feeling Atkinson deserves more than my customary one-line largely-sight-unseen plot summary (Book Glutton, I know you're an Atkinson fan, so feel free to enlighten/elaborate in the comments). So... yeah. Really, this post is even more pointless than usual."
"I’m back on the monthly challenges wagon so I’m back to at least 30 minutes of cardio a day in addition to whatever else (so if I train in the morning, I still need to do 30+ min of cardio). So, I did C25K tonight. TWO workouts today. Bam."
"Satan’s attempt at this activity is to take the worship away from the Lord Jesus Christ and bestow it upon another. So, we read Colossians 2:18."
"Anyway, here's the list. These people have been officially deemed a motherfucker and may be addressed as such without fear of legal reprisal. Much."
"According to researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, sugar is so toxic to the body that it should be regulated by the government. It’s interesting to think of sugar as a toxin; generally I would consider artificial sweeteners, such as aspartame, which can produce negative health outcomes in individuals overtime, to be a toxin or evil. Perhaps other artificial sweeteners, such as Truvia, Splenda, Equal, etc, which my doctor suggested cutting out to reduce health problems."
"collect it"
"“In his hometown of Portland, a wake will be in full swing by 3 p.m. at the Horse Brass Pub. Attendees at the time will be raising their glasses to Don. But hundreds, if not thousands, of people around the world who knew Don and loved Don aren’t able to be there in person,” says organizer Lisa Morrison. “So we are having a worldwide toast — a virtual wake, if you will — to help bring us all together, at least in spirit.”"
"First, it’s you’re, not your. Second, I don’t think that was very nice."
"I learned alot while touring farms."
"Hey what’s this book? The Bagava-what?"
"about 35-miles southeast of Socorro, New Mexico known as the White Sands Proving Ground. The device responsible for this destruction was called Trinity, and it was an assessment of an implosion-design plutonium weapon. Ground zero was consumed in an atomic fireball and in a mirror universe a deadly burst of electromagnetic radiation erupted into the White Tower."
"I've got a bunch of booze politics things that came in this week; rather than put up a bunch of posts, I'll just address all of it here. It kind of hangs together."
"Anyway, during the show, Lewis made a joke about how people gave money to Japan following their triple disaster of earthquake, tsunami and nuclear ‘accident’. Remember we are talking here about a comic who, to my mind, has the best Holocaust joke(s) I have ever heard."
"One of the neighbouring families used to have three cats which, climbing a tree, could reach the top of a wall and from there many of the other gardens. The old lady living in the house closest to my balcony, would leave out a saucer of milk for them, which they used to visit regularly. But the family has moved on, and their successors did not bring cats..."
"and you know some things have worked."
"Letting go or selling my little apartment is part of this shift. Yesterday, I spoke to a real estate agent, who said that they were giving me a reality shift about the real estate market. I loved their choice of words: I couldn’t believe they actually said: reality shift, but truly they did, because that, of course, allowed me to tell them about my blog. (Which they liked, naturally.)"
"When it comes to looking good, no one does it better than the Norwegian curling team!"
"I’m afraid of tight spaces. Lately, with my stress and anxiety levels through the roof, I am noticing that tight spots are getting me really claustrophobic. I get the feeling that the walls are closing in on me and I need to get out —-and quick! Not a good combo when you have a one bedroom home to share with three people and four animals."
"If you think all this makes sense, you can get 51 helpful marketing ideas from Drayton. Just go to www.draytonbirdcommonsense.com and register. Then you can also download a free book of which the late David Ogilvy said “Nobody should have anything to do with the business of advertising until they have read this book at least seven times.\""
"“I forgot,” he admitted. Tilting his head back just enough to meet his captor’s gaze, he did a terrible job of hiding how happy he was to see the Pred. “Welcome back.”"
"You may enjoy discovering facts about – Dante degli Alighieri…"
"Click on an image to start the slideshow."
"He said that since the ANC had come to power in 1994, more than 3 000 farmers, mainly elderly and female, had been brutally murdered on their farms."
"08/19/2010 BUY 0.01 usdchf 1.0348 08/23/2010 1.0364 +1.54"
"I have been to Indonesia because I competed in a debate tournament there. I have also briefly mentioned Indonesia in my posts, but, again, these are mostly captions on photos. I really love Brownie Kukus! There’s like a thick layer of cheese on top and a really delicious brownie layer below. I sooo love it! I want to go back to Indonesia just for that."
"Anybody who thinks they're getting paid 100K just to drive a trunk is woefully naive of what the fuck a war zone is, and has absolutely no conception of what it'd be like to be a member of a country that's just been invaded, no matter how right or just or patriotic the invaders feel."
"Method: Put the onions, garlic, green chillies, tamarind extract, and tomatoes all together in a thick-bottomed vessel. Put the greens over the other ingredients. Add salt. Cover and boil them over moderate heat until tender. Remove from the heat and allow it to cool. The water clinging to the greens when washed will be enough to cook them tender; only if needed, spinkle few drops of water over the greens while it is cooking. Mash the greens with a heavy hand (I prefer this way) or with a dal churner. You may also mash the greens in a blender till well mashed. Heat a frying pan and pour in the oil and ghee mixture into it. When very hot, put the mustard seeds to splutter, black-gram dal to brown lightly, and dried red chillies. When the red chilly turns crisp, pour a spoonful of sauce over it and return immediately to the sauce again. Churn lightly to blend into the sauce. Enjoy either hot or cold with hot rice. You may omit the tamarind extract if you are making the maseel for chappaties or bread."
"Early in his career, Kahneman was asked by the Israel government to create a high school textbook for teaching kids how to improve their decision-making. For a bunch of bureaucratic reasons, the project was never completed. Sounds like a great idea to me. Thinking Fast and Slow is one of the most interesting, insightful books that I have read in a long time, and I believe most kids would benefit immensely from being exposed to the concepts."
"Chris and I began celebrating Christmas last weekend. We went to Lepanto to celebrate the holidays with my family. Chris calls it the, \"The Triple Crown of Christmas\" because we spend one day with just my parents then the others with my grandparents for a grand total of 3 parties. I forgot my big new camera and my old point and shoot camera just broke so I have no pictures (I am so mad)."
"8. Haughty: A feeling of superiority"
"For shall we not allow that the choosing out of those |410 still faithless and astray to obedience to God is the work of the highest love of all? But this is undeniable. And Paul hastened to do this when he said: We are ambassadors therefore on behalf of Christ, as though God were entreating by us: we beseech you on behalf of Christ, be ye reconciled to God. So also does Peter, saying boldly to the Jews: And now, brethren, I wot that in ignorance ye did it, as did also your rulers. Repent ye therefore and be baptized every one of you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. You see then how and with what zeal they meet those who have not believed, and bring to them the word which they have not sought, not making it necessary for these in their ignorance to choose themselves as their teachers, but anticipating in this even him who has as yet been unwilling to learn any elementary truth."
"He was my childhood hero. I first fell for him when a schoolfriend put a souvenir programme into my hands and I saw a picture of him singing “Yesterday” at the Royal Variety Command Performance, a few years after that performance."
"1 'twas"
"Beach Boys Help me Rhonda US"
"One amazing moment came when I borrowed a motorcycle and got on the Interstate 10 Freeway knowing that it would lead me to the Pacific Ocean. As I drove through the McClure tunnel I could smell the sea air, and as I came out of the tunnel and into the light, the blue expanse of the ocean sparkled in the midday sun!"
"Of course, we all know about the cost of parking fees and penalties, which earn councils £2 billion a year, and businesses must now pay councils billions to have their waste collected, while tipping fees have gone through the roof."
"Christmas cards by email? Not into it. The only time I mail letters are the occasional cards and Christmas cards, so I'm going old-school on this one. I will accept merry greetings, however, any way you want to send them."
"I used to be a conversation-ender."
"And now, if there’s a Third Lebanon War, Hezbollah sits in the Lebanese government. It is no longer a militia sitting in south Lebanon. It is a party in the Lebanese government. So if it fires on us, we’ll need a different doctrine covering what to do. The Lebanese government includes a party that has a militia that is firing on you. It’s not the Lebanese Army that is attacking you, but you are being attacked by a force that is in the government."
"Stacey was was the house artist for Tower Records in New Orleans from 1989 to 1992, and while there she created three-dimensional display work for bands and music artists such as the Neville Brothers."
"That question was rhetorical. Not because it has no answer, but because I already know how to find the answer. And don't worry, this is scientific."
"My husband got these beers in a multipack that had a ton of yeast sediment in the bottom of them. My old sourdough starter had frozen in the back of our refrigerator, and it was time to make some new anyways. I got a clean mason jar, some fresh flour and some clean water, in addition to rinsing the sediment from the bottom of one beer bottle. Then I left this concoction on the counter, covered with wax paper for a few days, adding about 1/4 cup of water and flour each day. Finally, I had this beautiful bubbly brew:"
"I pretty much just left them there and occasionally turned them over with the barbeque tongs until the turkey brats were finished."
"Let's recap why the Jones abode is sure to run smoother as a result:"
"But when it comes down to it, as many things are with me these days, 'the last thing I do' is becoming an imperative saying for me to live by."
"My straightener is from Costco. It is the Conair Nano Silver and was only $30. I LOVE it."
"Ettling goes for the single leg take down, and eventually he gets it. He tries to mount, but doesn’t. Marx has him in half guard, and then sweeps and gets on top."
"Despite these restrictive circumstances it should still be possible for a great beer campaign to see the light of day. However, there are some other factors at play."
"She may be a dreamer, but the fierce passion and strong creativity that comes along with that have led her to a very sweet reality. The singer-songwriter dropped a new EP, Talk To Me, on April 3, has two more slated for later this year, and seems to have found her niche in piano-driven pop-rock with a fiesty flair. We had a chance to catch up with the animated songstress, and our chat has yielded one of PV's more empowering Q&A's. Here she talks fantasy vs. reality, making peace with your life's journey, and the powerful connection music can bring. Check it out."
"Geese are nesting right now, said Birnkrant, so it’s both adult geese and goslings that will be killed under Gillibrand's plan."
"-fear of reality"
"In their latest catalogue they highlight the second part of a collection with a Frank Hampson Dan Dare artwork, one of his earliest boards, from Eagle Volume 1 No 33, pubishd in 1950, in which Dan's memory is restored by Volstar the Theron. Hampson's artistic devotion to detail is perfectly illustrated from Volstar's Venusian habitat down to Daniel McGregor Dare's argyle socks!"
"Picasso Museum"
"The Farnham Report can reveal that just four weeks before openly gay Mr Ashby launched a civil case against his boss Peter Slipper alleging sexual harrasment, Mr Pyne and Mr Ashby met late on the evening of March 19 and enjoyed drinks together for some two hours in Mr Slipper’s office."
"immigrants, it does not seem unreasonable this should count to their"
"(I used to miss my electric toothbrush, but I got a carrying case for it this time around.)"
"April 19, 2006"
"\"'Risk Management' is the art and science of thinking about what could go wrong, and what should be done to mitigate those risks in a cost-effective manner."
"I am super excited to announce my FIRST EXHIBITION !!"
"Was the historian Andrew Roberts encouraging violence when he argued in his mammoth A History of the English-Speaking Peoples Since 1900, that Islamist terrorism is best understood as another variety of totalitarianism, following the lead of Kaiser's Germany, the Axis powers, and Soviet Communism. Once more, Roberts argued, the English-speaking peoples find that they must fight for their heritage of liberal-democracy, a system that aims to create the conditions in which everyone can add their bit to the improvement of society and the advance of human civilisation. Islamism, by contrast, is another version of the creed that seeks concentrated, exclusive and limitless power to control any aspect of human life."
"I spent most of the time this week teaching my kids how to do math tubs, which will start next week. They learned how to use IXL, play War, and how to use the Unifix Pattern sheet. (The pattern sheet was created by the teachers on my team. This sheet will stay in their work folder for several weeks. They will use it to build certain patterns with Unifix cubes. The children will build a pattern, repeat it three times, then have a partner check the pattern. The kids will be able to go to this activity after they finish one of the math tubs each week.)"
"There are some pretty appalling websites that attract large female audiences as well. One that a friend pointed out to me recently is Jezebel, which covers \"gossip, culture, fashion, and sex for the contemporary woman.\""
"I loved the unique style each restaurant possessed. And how each place is so small you are shoulder to shoulder with complete strangers. And nobody feels awkward. I tried the steel cut oats with fruit. Not a disappointment either. Yum."
"Does anyone remember the show Eerie, Indiana? Well apparently I don't either, because as I was searching for that link, I was searching for \"Indiana Jones.\" I could have sworn the show was about Indiana Jones as a kid. It's not."
"Yesterday and today Brent was easily frustrated more than usual. His train fell off the track, and he crumpled to the floor in a dramatic mess of cries and toddler-like curses at his \"choo-choo.\" His fork fell off the plate and he laid his head on the table as if it were gone forever. You don't even want to hear about what happened when the dog refused to play with him! Something was wrong in his world and he was feeling defeated in almost every aspect. Finally, after a few moments of cuddling on the couch, I explained to him that it didn't help to behave that way, but he needed to tell Mama what was bothering him so I could help. He pouted and fidgeted for a moment and then proceeded to tell me in his quasi-speech/sign-language that the \"ain up high go 'way now me go out-ide 'ay!\" (Translation: \"Rain up high go away now so I can go outside to play!\") Did I mention it has been rainy and dreary for four days?!?"
"Who says there are no good roles for women over 40? There are three ladies who have reached that milestone (Glenn Close, Meryl Streep, Viola Davis) and are defiantly the front-runners in this category, and they might be joined by a fourth (Tilda Swinton in We Need to Talk About Kevin). Beyond Close/Streep/Davis, this category could go in a number of different directions. I’m betting on the presence of a young newcomer à la Jennifer Lawrence last year, likely either Elizabeth Olsen or Felicity Jones (Like Crazy). Kirsten Dunst (Melancholia), Rooney Mara (The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo), and Charlize Theron (Young Adult) must also have their due considerations."
"Last month a judge caused fury in the Christian community when he ordered Bideford Council in Devon to stop holding prayers during official proceedings – after an atheist former councillor complained it disregarded non–believers."
"Stack the slices of bread, and then cut them diagonally into quarters. You should have 24 triangles."
"Another note that while it is possible to sync upward (phone to Google), it’s not always successful. Syncing downwards is often flawless. However, If you are a berry user, you might receive an error message that there is an error in syncing. To fix this, the best way that I think and also tried is to wipe out your contact list and start syncing again. In my experience, it never fails."
"But if you love this sort of thing -as I do, with all my heart - then enjoy. And I love \"Eponine.\""
"That life isn’t to be lived in the future"
"1/4 cup red wine grapes, halved and de-seeded"
"· American Society of Landscape Architect's, Maryland Chapter, Presidents Award, December, 1999"
"In theory these keep well for around 4-5 days, in an airtight container – in this household they probably won’t manage that long!"
"The MSM seems reluctant to inform us how this new thought-crime of religiously aggravated harassment was contravened, but posters displayed by Conway in the windows of his home are rumoured to link the sexual consummation of the marriage between the Prophet Mohammed and his nine year old bride Aisha with the casual disregard Muslims exhibit toward the rape and grooming of underage English girls in Britain’s northern towns and cities."
"1) The first Griffith-QCA/ Memefest Award for Critical Imaginative Critical Intervention."
"Talk about cheap travel! I can leave any time, no back pack or rollie required and the shortest visit leaves me renewed, refreshed and ready to carry on. No dis-respect to my hubby or my neighbors, or the guy who sits next to me at Starbucks on Saturday morning and wants to CHAT, but, really, I’ve heard your stories before – more than once – and they aren’t getting any better. Never wanting to appear rude or disinterested, I’ve found that if I just smile and nod, nobody knows I’m trippin’, but my mind has taken off for higher ground. Surely, I’m not alone here. I’m thinking some days Bermuda might be a very crowded little island. I know my husband is doing to the same thing, only maybe he’s on Barbados."
"The Watchmen first came into existence in the late 1700′s, when the Dutch ruled New York City. Their job was little more than patrolling the streets at night, looking for any possible disturbances, but mostly avoiding them. They would also call out the hours of the night, with such inane declarations as, “By the grace of God, two o’clock in peace.” Or, “By the grace of God, four o’clock and a cold, raw morning.”"
"The water resources series had large foldout maps and this was a first attempt at this type of project. The maps varied in size, creased, or even cracks in some cases and pose an obvious digitization challenge."
"4) Don't go 'cruising' at night. They think you are on drugs and you will be surrounded by three police cars and asked to get out of your car and lay on the ground. Yes... guns will be drawn."
"“Justice” means the fiqh — the practical application of Islamic law as laid down by the scholars more than a thousand years ago — which treats non-believers very differently from Muslims. Once again, the well-meaning kuffar of Knightsbridge or Ann Arbor would be dismayed to discover what the full provisions of shari’ah have in store for them, the licentious apes and pigs of Western unbelief."
"For ten years before comedy, Bob was in the music business under various guises, latterly managing Japanese band Electric Eel Shock. They and he appeared in the movie Killer Bitch, which may or may not be categorised as comedy, depending on the extent of your taste for oddity."
"You wouldn’t eat your lunch off the office toilet seat would you? But according to a study done by the University of Arizona, the typical worker’s desk has hundreds of times more bacteria per square inch than the office toilet seat. YICH! In addition, desks, phones and other private surfaces are also prime habitats for the viruses that cause colds and flu."
"I listen to the waves laughing as I kick the grin from the settling sand."
"This can not be logically explained."
"13 Arabesque"
"What is wrong with these people? Is this supposed to be a compliment or a insult? This is Philistine, disrespectful, and uncultivated regardless of what your political affiliation is. Pluck Newsweek!"
"This is what I found hidden behind the wall:-"
"There are many things I wish someone had told me about that first couple of weeks after Chelle’s diagnosis. Oh, we got the crash course in survival tips on how/what to eat, when/how to give insulin,etc. & goodness knows, that was plenty to think about. But no one really talked to us about transitioning Chelle back into school. No one told us there were protections available for her, that there was more to consider than simply who would be responsible for her care during school hours."
"But because you should not mulch a veggie garden we weed when we can. Just don't let the weeds choke out the good stuff!"
"An Irishman is never drunk as long as he can hold onto one blade of grass to keep from falling off the earth. ~Irish Saying"
"last Sunday at your friend's birthday beach party"
"After an entire afternoon of cooking and smashing I had a whole freezer full of wholesome goodies. Awesome! We are good to go! Except… wait…. I forgot…. SIX TO TEN JARS A DAY. Crap. I was out of food again. OK. Just this ONCE we’ll buy a few jars to get us through these next few busy days until I have time for more cooking and smashing."
"Okay, imagine getting thirteen three- to six-year-olds to sign their names to four mattes. I’ll just say that jelly beans were involved and leave it at that."
"The skirmishers begin, they crawl cautiously ahead, I hear the"
"He created a system to allow or prevent a President from visiting Mars."
"Today, tyrannical plutocracy has created extractive polities all over the world that are much the same as historical arrangements for monarchs, aristocrats, and conquerors in their economic effects. Once in power, tyrants rewrite the laws and the rules of ownership and wealth to benefit only themselves. Resistance may be punished with murder, because the tyrant owns the army. These pernicious schemes are extremely difficult to overcome, and even when they are, the new leadership often becomes worse than the one it replaced. Zimbabwe is a good example of this."
"Santa Fe, NM"
"Enjoy the day,"
"And I got a free mug."
"Check out these segments from a recent Nightline investigation, aired April 14, including interviews with anxious NYC parents enrolling their four-year-olds in arduous test prep programs, because they believe that if they can get their kids into these programs they will be set for life, as well as an interview with Chancellor Walcott, who expresses no concern that some parents may be paying four or five thousand dollars to prep their children for the test, because he says this gives them more \"choices.\" Walcott also evinces a surprising lack of skepticism, given the extreme racial disparity in the results, that these exams test actual giftedness rather than economic and social privilege."
"After laying around for awhile, my sister suggested a sushi lunch. You don't have to twist my arm to take me out to sushi, so I immediately said yes and jumped in the shower ready to GO!"
"One of the things we can do to make it easier on our struggling soul is to keep seeking knowledge …. go to religious classes, ask questions when in doubt and be in the companies of those who share the same path, the same mission in life."
"o Invest in their strengths and competencies (i.e. increase them)"
"One picture was of a calm lake. The lake was a perfect mirror, for peaceful towering mountains were all around it. Overhead was a blue sky with fluffy white clouds. All who saw this picture thought that it was a perfect picture of peace."
"I turn back to the mirror and splash some water on my face."
"Almsneszmely"
"Katia B defies categorisation, another reason to ignore platitudinous comments on lounge or chill-out music. Six producers are credited in her record and their ifluence is obvious. Her style ranges from furious up-tempo trip-hop, Tanto Faz Para o Amor, to laid-back piano-driven ballad Are You Sleeping?"
"Atheists, does displaying a manger really equate to making a law respecting an establishment of religion? Does a single display really violate the separation of church and state?"
"This would apply to the copyright legislation and prevent any possible difference between Scotland and England in the application of copyright law."
"Monday: Braised pork belly. Tuesday: Braised pork shoulder. Wednesday: Barbecued pork ribs. If he had prepared pig trotters on Thursday, I was going to start ransacking the house looking for the pig carcass he was obviously hiding."
"However, does anyone know what it is called?"
"Preston"
"(Sweet Red Wine) Sauce"
"And once a sparrow"
"But my cursed shy feet, stop my steps,"
"Once I know the length of the repeat I can figured out the chain foundation count."
"Of course, what really matters is that readers of both works learn something and take action as a result of reading them, whether practical improvements in day to day management from the Handbook or implementing recommendations from the Report. I hope that both in their different ways will help libraries and curators make the most of their wonderful collections and bring them to the wider audiences they deserve."
"So I have to update the last three weeks...so much has happened"
"The magic thing refs in the configs really magical. What it did was to create getter and setter for us on the views automagically. Note that each items in the refs are correspond to the xtype we’ve set for our views. E.g. we create the property named mainPanel and the corresponding view is the xtype of mainpanel."
"I press the red button. The machine hums. I grasp the horns. I squeeze them together, gently at first. The needle rises to 5. I squeeze harder. The needle rises further. What if I bust it by squeezing too hard? Suddenly the bull emits two terrifying roars. I drop the horns instantly. Have I bust it? Will the Antic Center charge me?"
"Leona Lewis is no stranger to the change that comes with fame either. After winning that british talent competition she traded in her sweet innocent look for the vampy vixen package."
"Corinne! You are such a growing girl!"
"She says she only discovered Gina and Pete weren’t her real parents when the official from Slough social services called on the family one afternoon in July 1980."
"of war and the battle’s confusion,"
"SWITZERLAND"
"The last time was in Cologne, Germany, during Gamescom 2011. It put me out of action for the morning of the last full day of the video games convention and cut my already-short sleep cycle down to an indeterminate fraction. By the time I got into the Koelnmesse convention centre, the venue was packed to capacity – 60,000 people clogging the veins and arteries of the several huge halls, a teeming mass of stale sweat and messy nerds. The entrances were closed to all incoming visitors, and I snapped a quick photo for posterity, which then wound up on VG247. It was the only productive thing done that day, as we soon called it quits and went back to the hotel."
"I woke up to a sunny day on Saturday but decided to be lazy until I had to check out, since the rest of my trip would be super active. After finally checking out mid-afternoon, I checked out and grabbed a taxi to the hotel where I'd meet up with my tour group. Now I've taken many, many group tours over the years on several continents, and while they've all been great, it's always a toss up. Sometimes your group is a little off, sometimes the guide is overly quirky, and sometimes you end up paying extra for activities that really should have been included. I've been meaning to try a trip with G Adventures (formerly Gap Adventures) for several years, but timing never quite worked out. This time, luckily, it did, and I signed up for the Highlights of Jordan tour. It hit all the major sites and a few of the minor ones and was the perfect length of time, affordable, and with a smallish group."
"I drove back to Bridgeport after we ate dinner"
"\"...It was a house frequented by old men who could no longer use women as women: but Eguchi, on his third visit, knew that to sleep with such a girl was a fleeting consolation, the pursuit of a vanished happiness in being alive. And where there among them old men who secretly asked to sleep forever beside a girl who had been put to sleep? There seemed to be a sadness in a young girl's body that called up in an old man a longing for death."
"To add insult to injury because the victim was an American, and the New Zealanders don’t like “septic tanks” (Yanks) in their neck of the woods, New Zealand police declared: “The American tourist who fell to his death in the Mt Cook National Park yesterday was inexperienced in the alpine environment.”"
"It all starts with ‘tone from the top’ but communications within a business need to also focus on the implementation of the company’s anti-bribery policies and procedures. The Guidance lists several areas which it believes such communication should provide instruction upon. These include company policies on “decision making, financial control, hospitality and promotional expenditure, facilitation payments, training, charitable and political donations, penalties for breach of rules and the articulation of management roles at different levels.” Another critical aspect of internal communications is the establishment of an ethics helpline. Such a helpline should be secure, confidential and accessible for both employees and those outside the company to elevate concerns about bribery on the part of associated persons, to provide suggestions for improvement of bribery prevention procedures and controls and for requesting advice. The Guidance calls such a tool a “Speak-Up Line” but whatever name it is given, it is clear that those both inside and outside a company need to be furnished with a secure, confidential and safe manner to report ethical concerns to an appropriate level of management."
"Hudson Mohawke – Gooo"
"William turned to it and darted forward, hoping to see the bird."
"though the buildings"
"Screen Format: 16:9 (1.85:1)"
"The company I work for is renovating the floors in the building I am in, floor by floor (we have offices in five different buildings downtown), and the 10th floor, where my office is, is next. So we spent a few days this week packing all of our personal items and all of the files for our project and the movers are moving us to the 9th floor tomorrow. I was at work at 6:45 (my normal start time... I know, I'm nuts) and by 10am pretty much anyone who would have work to give to me was gone. I had a little stuff in my inbox that I decided to get through before leaving so that I can spend time on Monday unpacking and getting settled. I left the office at 11:15, got myself some new sandals (a great pair of Birkenstocks), went to Walmart, had lunch... and then came home and created."
"Too much of late in Malaysia has been about negativity, anger and insecurity. Bersih 3.0 is moving politics away from that negativity to the promise of a better future for Malaysians, or at least trying to do so. Najib’s reaction to Bersih 3.0 is perhaps his most serious leadership test yet."
"I thought I was all wept out"
"When the world gives you lemons....make lemonade, and that's exactly what she'll do. Look out for Fi at her new lemonade stand."
"What would a person from Lima think if they came to my home in northern Virginia where the mercury is expected to dip down into the 30s during the evenings this weekend?"
"My father even made a film here, for Walt Disney, called “King of the Grizzlies.” Although I didn’t join him on location, he told me how to wrangle a grizzly — jelly doughnuts (held out to entice him forward) and low-voltage wiring (to keep him on the path.)"
"I bought this kit a few years a go - in fact it must 5 years now."
"To isolate how a variation in this gene, called the L version of MAO-A, might affect the wiring of the brain, Meyer-Lindenberg took MRI brain scans of more than 100 healthy volunteers. Since this genetic variation is common in our population, some of the volunteers had this variation, and some didn’t."
"Wanting to leave a legacy in this world."
"The Infernal Devices is a really fun, YA series to escape into. It is not overly complicated or literary (in otherwords, it’s an easy read), but sometimes that is exactly what you need. For me, Clockwork Prince was the perfect book to read between books 3 & 4 in George R.R. Martin’s incredibly complex A Song of Ice and Fire series. I really do care about the characters and want to know what is going to happen to them. There is much we have learned by the end of Clockwork Prince, but there is still so much more we do not yet know. I can’t wait to learn the answers to all of my questions. It is with eager anticipation that I await the next and, I believe, final installment."
"Definitely one of my more abstract pieces, though I was going for surrealist at first. A combination of the two maybe even."
"Nevertheless, I was delighted when I reached under her today to pull out this instead of an egg:"
"Sprinkle onion, green chili and bell pepper , evenly on top"
"Okay so I Definatly ate carbs. I’ve still got 300 calories left and I have burned 100 which is included in the calories I have left. And I can’t eat after 6. So here’s what I’ve eaten."
"According to official statistics, Myanmar-Vietnam bilateral trade amounted to 121.8 million U.S dollars in the first three quarters of 2011, an increase of 6.2 percent compared with the same period of 2010."
"The peacock could desire the alchemy of fleeting moments from the dance of monsoon ripples on the lake"
"And here are links to press releases from ABC-member newspapers detailing their circulation numbers and strategies:"
"I think it's essentially a year of mindfulness and purposefulness and many other important nesses. I just want to make sure I'm that kid in the front row of the class with my hand stretching into the air so bloody earnestly that you can see most of my pants and my face is red and contorted with the effort of getting that hand up there and I'm waving and screeching 'pick me, pick me'. That's the kind of year I want to have. I want to be better."
"Back in February of 2009, not long after I started this blog (itself an outgrowth of a two-year series of session beer-related posts on my main blog, Seen Through A Glass, that started here), I wrote a piece for Ale Street News in which I suggested that the faint, first rumblings of the collapse of extreme beers could be heard. Earlier, I did a piece titled \"Extremely Annoying\" for BeerAdvocate magazine (which you can find here, and thanks to Teri Fahrendorf for that!), a single contrarian voice in an entire issue devoted to -- pardon the expression -- ball-washing extreme beers in which I suggested that making extreme beers wasn't that big a deal: throw more stuff in, get a bigger monkey. That, in turn, was an expansion of my \"it's just a bigger burrito\" argument, originally made here in October of 2006. In short, and in a nod to Barbara Mandrell, I was session when session wasn't cool (that's assuming, of course, that it is now...but we'll get to that)."
"For my own piece i put together all the elements that you see as this was my first try i feel it lacked a bit of creativity and purpose but with practice i hope to get better at it. My favourite element in the piece is the rainbow i added i feel its goes well with the lighting of the sky + clouds, i also like the ground before i added any texture it was just a simple desert floor but i decided to add a texture to bring it more to life."
"Edmund Spenser 1552?-1599"
"How do you find your golf cart among the hundreds of others that are stored at the golf course? Sure, you may have your own \"parking spot\" but if anyone is like me, I would easily forget where that \"parking spot\" is. The solution is to personalize it with your own name and stick figures!"
"Summary: God creates Adam, but sees that he’s lonely. He lets him name the animals, but he still doesn’t find a “helper” by doing this. So God makes him sleep (presumably in a coma) and takes one of his ribs, with which he makes the first woman, Eve."
"When I was 29 my husband and I bought a house. A few days before signing the loan papers I was in full panic mode. Thoughts of living in a houseboat or moving from youth hostel to youth hostel flashed through my head. Anything but being tied to a specific piece of land FOREVER."
"I was told by the friend who gave me the original tape that the guy who mixed this tape was one of the many members of Saxon. He (my friend) used to work in the evenings for Saxon doing the light rig for their stage show, I spoke to him yesterday and he still reckons that to be true!!!"
"She is going to start her play-school after her birthday; I don’t know whether she is going to cry on the first day or will it be me. Looks like me. I want her to go school and learn as my little girl is growing up. I think times fly and only memories will be remain forever."
"Elizabeth: No, but I would like to thank you so much for the opportunity of telling you about Barbarossa’s Princess."
"Once the veggies have baked, turn off the oven and leave it while you prepare the pasta. Cook pasta according to the box in salted water. Once drained, toss the cheese with the hot pasta so that the cheese sticks to the pasta. Toss the baked veggies with the pasta. Serve by topping with meat and/or herbs. Enjoy with some wine!"
"Antoine Bara (Lebanese writer):"
"Once I figured out what I needed to do, I put in a call to another friend. This friend is the kind of guy would feel fortunate to have. A guy you could never begin to understand the importance of. He is an advertising Guru. I wish I could tell you the circles he runs in, and if you met him, he wouldn't even tell you. But I'm sure you listened to their music, while driving a car he is associated with, on your way to a place he helped put on the map. Needless to say, he is kind of a big deal."
"There’s something to be said for this, especially for artists. The writers, painters, and musicians we remember are the ones who re-define their crafts by creating new genres. They are not necessarily striving to be the best in a certain arena — they want to create new arenas. They don’t want their audiences to merely be pleased by what they present. They want them to feel that they can’t get that sound, that emotion, those words anywhere else."
"Have a lucky day."
"This will happen also. In our house, it seems that the second my husband and I start a conversation, someone needs or wants attention and the whining begins. This is also normal. Young children especially, want our attention and when we are giving it to someone else, they will naturally try to get the attention back with them. Turn to your child and explain you are talking to \"daddy\". \"As soon as I am done, you and I can talk.\" This teaches them manners. That you are aware of them. That they don't need to whine, that whining won't get them what they want, and that your spouse is also important. All valuable lessons for children."
"And it turns out that my sister is brilliant."
"Adrift in a country with no cultural compass, most new buyers are at the mercy of the agent they choose. These people become not only their “home finder” but also their interpreter of Bulgarian culture. Good agents help with more than just house hunting, ultimately assisting with the successful transition, renovation and assimilation, but this has not always been the case, and many just exploited both innocent rural seller and nervous foreign buyer."
"I am a third degree reiki master"
"26’41 If u Scared, Say U Scared (Interlude)"
"Originally, I was going to be away from home until 10:30, at which point my parents wouldn’t really want me sending an email. I was going to a different church’s youth group. After walking out of that room and coming to that realization, though, I knew there was no way on earth that would happen. I really can’t explain that finalization of thought. Going home early to tell Em I was there for her and I would love her no matter what wasn’t just one option on my list. I had to. That conviction was from the Holy Spirit and I knew it. It felt so strong, so compelling. It was a desire I couldn’t even fight."
"I want to challenge myself and you to think upon the things that God has done in our lives. Will you remember what God has done and praise Him for it? Will you allow yourself to have a heart of gratitude for our great Saviour? Maybe you haven’t been delivered from the power of sin, maybe you aren’t saved. If you aren’t saved then you can’t rejoice in the fact of what God can do. You need to turn to God, Believe that Jesus died to pay for all your sin, believe he arose again, trust Him as your saviour. Then you can truly rejoice in being delivered."
"We finally had a happy ending to our journey on December 20th when we delivered healthy twin boys at 37 weeks exactly. They weighed in at 6 lbs. 10 oz. and 5 lbs. 14 oz. I was HUGE. We feel more than blessed to be their parents and we promise not to take anything for granted. I look at them every day and even though they are 5 months old now, I still can't believe they're mine. Mine to cherish, protect and love unconditionally."
"If you have a good marriage, watch it with your spouse. If you have a marriage that could use some work (I think that's most couples) WATCH THIS! Even, if like me, you're headed to divorce court, take a chance and watch the movie together. If it doesn't change the way you think, then what have you lost? Nothing. But you might be surprised. They've received literally thousands of letters from men saying they wanted to date their wives again. In fact, you can read many of them HERE."
"I got some really good ideas yesterday on that front--more on that soon. And I heard back from Match Prof, who, on Friday, had suggested lunch this week. :-) We've agreed on Thursday. We have a time and are honing in on a place. Yes, I moved my eyelash appointment up to tomorrow evening. And I think I'm going to get a bottle of haircolor and do my roots. I'm still a bit worried about my weight, so feeling the rest of me looks good should help my self-confidence.... Fortunately, my elbow is gradually healing, my voice has been sounding almost normal, and the spot on my nose is fading. I just need to pick an outfit--no doubt some variation on black pants and a colored top.... Yeah, I know I'm putting way more thought into this than usual. But hey, I think this one's in a whole new category!"
"Poor time management is often due to:"
"09 State Enemy"
"Guitarist/vocalist Joao Gilberto is credited with being the originator of the bossa nova, due to his 1950s affiliation with songwriter Antonio Carlos Jobim. Hence, the rest is history. While this recording captures his genius via a solo perfomance at Italy's \"Umbria Jazz\" festival in 1996. His easily identifiable sound is intact here, as Gilberto delves into fourteen pieces, composed by Jobim and others. The artist's wistful, hush-toned vocals and rhythmically charged acoustic guitar work just reaffirms his significance in modern music. He typifies the coolness of Brazil amid his relatively toe-tapping pulses and contrasting melodic interludes. Part of the beauty, resides within his often-lilting harmonic structures, deterministic sense of purpose and understated themes. Gilberto's sensual demeanor and calming celebration of life hits the mark in a huge way, largely due to his effortless mode of execution and inspiring musical persona. ~ AllMusic"
"There’s more to it of course."
"I blog daily, Monday thru Friday on various topics related to kids, parenting, education, childhood apraxia of speech (CAS), crafting, and more."
"The fish is sitting on a coral reef (made from those squidgy shapes you sometimes get in parcels, glued together), which again is decorated with tissue paper, shells and dewdrops. I cut, scored and folded acetate and used double sided tape to make up the egguarium."
"13. In feature stories, should you use the present tense or the past tense? When you’re writing a news story, present or past? And finally, what verbs can you use when you’re attributing a quote, in a news story?"
"I read someone´s blog and when I closed it the last word I saw was ”stroke”, then I had to re-open it and read another one because otherwise I might have a stroke. The new last word was ”bagel”. I hope I get one."
"Dougies videos"
"10 Band Intros/Encores 1:18"
"“That’s a pretty bullish outlook relative to the street and relative to ourselves as well. We’re looking at 4 per cent this year and 4.2 per cent next year. Second-half (growth) has to turn up to 5.5 per cent to average even 5 per cent. So that looks a bit optimistic from my view,” Hak Bin Chua from Merrill Lynch Bank of America told Reuters."
"That includes the Freedom underground and Patriot surface mines in Henderson County and the Highland and Dodge Hill mines in Union County, Ky."
"“We find your argument to ban alcohol on religious grounds baseless, divisive and irresponsible and we are concerned about the welfare of the students."
"However the good parts - the diary of Kino about his life which arrives into the hand of his granddaughter Mina and later the revelations of his still living 92 year old wife, Mina's grandma though she has been estranged from her son for ages, the portrait of the Weimar republic and the sketches of Nazi Germany, together with the examination of the role of art in society - are just great stuff and I'd rather read those 100+ pages and the mostly standard present day thriller that fills in the rest, than many other books."
"With the trapeze girls huddled by their door and the table-dancers by theirs the street looks like a cigarette film still of overpainted, underfed dramatic misery. I am struck by a fear that this is what will bring the snow."
"\"In an attempt to make them more compliant, they have been quietly threatened with false charges by corrupt police officials."
"Direct taxes must be apportioned among the states, not among the people. The 16th Amendment did not change this! As we learned, the income tax is an excise tax on corporate profit, and always has been, therefore it does not need to be apportioned. Before the 16th Amendment, an individual’s income was NOT taxable, either with apportionment or without. Eliminating apportionment, among the states, would still require the tax to be imposed on the states, not on the people. To better understand this concept, let’s look at an actual example of taxation by apportionment."
"I’m having a little weep in my office. My heart is hammering in my chest, I’m sitting on the edge of panic but you know what? I don’t even care. I have black mascara dripping down my face and onto my white blouse….any second, someone might open the door and walk in on me. In truth, I’d rather be caught picking my nose than crying, but you don’t get to choose those things in life."
"I’m sure you’ve heard of making cakes in a mug. I’ve tried this a few times, and have been somewhat unimpressed with the results. For some reason, I tried it again tonight. The results were decent, definitely needed more sugar, but I think that’s because I used dark chocolate cocoa rather than the regular. I used a recipe from Chocolate Covered Katie’s blog and she calls it One-Minute Chocolate Cake."
"One Burrata sac (shown above) will weigh ~ 200 - 300 g."
"But still, despite the stupidity of his act, Icarus fascinated me… he was some kind of a hero. After all, he flew! And, last but not least (also literally in this case), he went near the sun, he almost touched it! That was what I also wanted when I was a child: to fly and to be near the sun… To be honest, I still want it – here in Holland I wonder sometimes if the sun really comes up every day; there is no sign of it most days of the year."
"While this book is excellent and I think everyone should read it, I will say that it's probably better to wait until a sequel is out for this one. While Shades of Grey doesn't end on a cliffhanger, there are enough unresolved issues at the end to have made me incredibly frustrated."
"However, I do think I will be doing at least some of these workouts on a weekly basis for the foreseeable future. No more 6-night-a-week madness, but something. There are enough different workouts to keep it interesting, and I worked too hard to let myself regress completely."
"quickens matter into activity and evolution."
"In 2 Corinthians 11:14, the devil, himself, is “transformed into an angel of light”. The purpose is to make himself appeal to the gullible. Another verse that informs us that angels are communicating, or trying to communicate with the typical religious person is 1 Corinthians 13:1. “Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels” shows us that angels are using available men to spread false doctrine."
"The 49-year-old, from Edinburgh, worked for Mr Brons at an office in the centre of the Capital."
"Rennard Clayton says that his business plan is the reason his company got off the ground. Before starting A+ Inspection Services in Allentown, Pennsylvania nine years ago, Clayton spent four months part-time creating an approximately 15-page plan that outlined estimated salary, expenses and a solid strategy for gaining new business."
"Today from the Want2Scrap Team, we have their design team member Terre Fry and from Graphic 45 join Gloria and Nancy and myself for some inspiring projects!!!Make sure that you stop by each designers' blog, the Graphic 45 Blog and Want2Scrap blog for your chance to win a bunch of amazing goodies!"
"Are You a Cyberchondriac?"
"A Threat to Other Marine Life"
"Who lift me up and I feel so bold"
"The latest report offered stark evidence that the recovery will be painfully slow. It also raised doubts that the economy will rebound in the second half of the year after hitting a spring slump."
"-Boil for 3 to 5 minutes.They're done when the dumplings are floating and cook"
"2 inch piece of ginger, slice (no need to peel unless you want to)"
"I've been craving brown ale for a few weeks, and finally gave in. I bought a six pack of my favorite brown, Real Ale Brewhouse Brown, and a six pack of Saint Arnold Brown Ale."
"This weblog has focused a good deal in recent weeks on standards and patents. In this context, the Study on the Interplay between Standards and Intellectual Property Rights (IPRs), April 2011, is highly relevant. Commissioned and financed by the Directorate General for Enterprise and Industry of the European Commission, this study was produced by the Fraunhofer Institute for Communication System and Dialogic in collaboration with the School of Innovation Sciences at Eindhoven University of Technology, and enjoyed the support of two legal consultants."
"As a result of this mini-crisis and other unavoidable deadlines that are, inevitably, part and parcel of this whole editorial/publishing gig I seem to have become involved in, I have (as some of you have noticed) not had many interesting things to say recently. I want to take a short break from the deep line edit that has taken over my weekend and post something that I hope is interesting (and is partially inspired by my hard-working author and what I think he and all other hard-working authors deserve)."
"every Governor sucked,"
"\"Isaiah of the Exile: 'How Beautiful on the Mountains'\""
"Gandalf the Grey was a somewhat mysterious pilgrim who roamed Middle-earth and was friend to Free Peoples everywhere. He had many names in many lands: Gandalf (“wand-elf”) was his name among the Men of the North; he was known to Dwarves as Tharkûn (“staff-man”). Speakers of Sindarin – Elves and the high Men of Gondor – called him Mithrandir (“grey pilgrim”). Gandalf’s iconic attire consisted of “a tall pointed blue hat, a long grey cloak, … a silver scarf” and ”immense black boots”. He wielded a ”thorny staff” as well as Glamdring, an elf-blade of Gondolin. Gandalf had “long white hair”, a “sweeping silver beard”, ”broad shoulders”, and ”in his aged face under great snowy brows his eyes were set like coals that could suddenly burst into fire”. Indeed fire was central to Gandalf’s identity. As one of the five Wizards, he had been sent to Middle-earth to kindle hope in the hearts of the Free Peoples. He could ignite trees and pinecones to combat the enemy, as well as create blinding flashes of light. His fireworks were renowned among the Hobbits of the Shire. It seems likely that his inherent fiery nature was magnified by the power of Narya, the Ring of Fire, which he kept at the behest of Círdan the Shipwright. Of all the five Wizards, Gandalf was said to be the only one who did not fail at his appointed task, and he was the only one who showed any great interest in the race of Hobbits. His friendship with Hobbits would prove to be of vital import to the fate of Middle-earth and its Free Peoples. He is seen here arriving in the Shire for the celebration of Bilbo’s eleventy-first birthday, an occasion that will set in motion events sending Bilbo’s cousin and adopted heir, Frodo, on a long road into peril. But the peril does not belong to Frodo alone: Gandalf too shall face his greatest test in the dark days to come."
"My waiter was very promptx very courteous, and checked on me often to make sure my water glass was full (I passed on the margaritas last night…), and if I needed anything else."
"There is a counter at the window where you can sit and watch people stroll down Main Street or you can choose to sit at the bar which is like no other I've ever seen. The bar stools have multi-colored electric guitars for backs! I wish the pictures were better but the restaurant is dimly lit even in the daytime; the tables are candlelit at night. And of course, the music is an eclectic mix of the many generations of rock 'n' roll."
"\"Jesus, Mick, last time I looked at all this stuff, Raider were right up there - what-the-fuck??\""
"Instead of simply following the currents of the river, we must work towards a “lake economy,” in which we use resources with an eye towards their reuse, maintaining a stock of materials that can constantly re-circulate as long as input and output is efficiently controlled. As an alternative to eliminating computers from society because of the ways in which they use plastic, metals, and energy, why not create technologies that allow for the more painless replacement of parts, so that an upgrade consists of replacing a chip without rendering an entire machine outmoded? Ali asks. It is only through such creative solutions that we may satisfy our need for “treasure” without compromising the needs of the earth."
"The building still attracts interest from people who think it would be great to live there. But Robert Doyle inspired me to imagine a different future for this building."
"ANYWAYS. The point. She asked me when I had my lapband surgery."
"Much like the US EPA, India's MoES has implemented various policies and programs relating to conservation of the country's natural resources, its biodiversity and \"ensuring the welfare of animals, and the prevention and abatement of pollution.\""
"The only person who knows my living hell is Greg and he's been good about keeping my secret. I'm only telling you now because it troubles me when I see new writers agonize over a review or a beta-reader's critique."
"The thread is by Lizbeth, with 6 little clear blue beads on each motif. The pattern is like many out there: a simple circle of rings. Stainless steel earwires of course! I'm skeptical of anything else."
"Puzzled by the writing and the contents, she read to her husband, \"Betty Jo says here that she's got herself a job in a... a... a... well, it must be a 'Message' parlour.\""
"In the last few months costumes and dressing up have become a big part of my eldest son’s imaginary play. At the moment we have a fire fighter costume, a doctors coat with a case, various hats and some character costumes. He is 3 this weekend and I have noticed that his imagination and role playing have become more vivid and in context with day to day life."
"9. I Live My Life"
"Financing. Many espresso franchises have assets to help those who want to buy into the franchise find financing. Some do not however. If there are opportunities for financing inside the franchise this can be a plus to many could be franchise homeowners whereas others prefer to come up with their very own financing. A few franchises also require those who purchase into the franchise to have a certain sum of money to invest along with any financing. That you must hammer out all of the advantageous print and monetary details before making any choices or belongings purchases."
"The crux of the story definitely is way different from any that I’ve heard/read in a long while. And let me confess, the writing got me hooked from the very first page – the acknowledgement and the prologue had me giggling and laughing and smiling and loving it all the way till the end."
"Beer is even an aha moment, about seeing the light."
"I have always been a fan of Beth Kerry, AJ Llewellyn and Tymber Dalton. Although I’m finding more and more talented authors in the growing family of Siren Publishing."
"Govender said the city recovered income lost as a result of power theft by increasing the electricity tariff for paying customers throughout the Durban area."
"SOME say modern day Israel is not really Israel. That it is false that it need not exist because the church is the Israel of God. Israel is cursed and will be destroyed they say. Israel will be destroyed some believe. That it is a terrorist state. And yada yada yada…on and on it goes the hatred for and accusations against Israel."
"\"Some see private enterprise as a predatory animal to be shot, others look on it as a cow to be milked but a few see it as a sturdy horse pulling a wagon.\""
"Thankyou"
"This was no small feat. It involved visits to many markets and specialty shops. It's been two years of sampling in earnest. I have spiraled into sugary orbits and toughened my jaws on stale specimens. I have consumed hundreds of calories while fooling myself that there is nutritional value in this pursuit — it's fruit after all."
"Some books just knock me right upside the head and leave me thinking about them for days after. While He Was Away was one of those books!"
"-Matt Thiessen, Relient K vocalist"
"In striking contrast to the north polar situation, the magnetic flux of the south polar region has been very stable, and maintains the plus polarity (Figure C). These latest Hinode observations suggest that the global magnetic field of the Sun will become different from the normal bipolar configuration."
"My effort, DIAMONDS AND PEARLS, polled like an expenses fiddling MP caught with his snout in a trough full of used readies. Nonetheless, I had great fun writing it and challenging myself to come up with (hopefully) a fast paced, tongue-in-cheek, hardboiled and pulpy tale. If you fancy having a read then please double digit HERE."
"“The west Belfast community endorses the rule of law and those who take the law into their own hands and act as judge, jury and executioner have no support from the rest of the community.”"
"This is not the case. Linda Katehi we do not misunderstand you."
"It's ok, you'll get there. These things take time. As they say, Rome wasn't built in a day."
"Zack: Well, my favorite album is “Frizzle Fry“, but it never wants to stay with me. I think I've bought that album 6 or 7 fucking times!!!! So I would probably save “Revolver” from The Beatles, stuff “Master of Puppets” into the sleeve, making it a double album!!! Then I would wrap the albums in a blanket, rush them out of the burning building, hurrying to a river where I would place them ever so gently in a basket, floating them away to their safety, where the barbarians couldn't reach them."
"So all that and no sewing today! That's okay. I hope to do more in the next few weeks. Here is a photo of the place mats I've been working on making with the French Provincial prints. Just a little something for you to look at..."
"I've always had difficulty being genuinely creative, and a big part of that is because I have always approached the study of art with a preoccupation on mimicry. Of course, this is natural, as many if not most artists early in their careers produce work that has been inspired by the work of another. This tendency manifests itself across the board, whether in painting, writing, music, or of course, dance. Eventually, should the artist persevere, he has a tendency to evolve, and one of the earmarks of evolution is the finding of one's own voice. Perhaps I haven't endured long enough in my pursuits of different artistic avenues to get to that point."
"Then… they volunteered to go on a nature walk. I know. Weird, right? We started walking around that lake, and it was all nature-y, and I was fine because it wasn’t too hot, and I had on running shoes, and we all talked and had fun. And after almost an hour and a half, my daughter said, “Do you think we’re almost there?” And I assured her we were, although I was starting to doubt it myself."
"The moral of the story – you don’t have to have a big bank account to be lucky, although for some, it doesn’t hurt. It’s a matter on how you VIEW what you have."
"As depressed as I may get, as painful as things may get, I can’t give up. I may carry around a lot of burdens but I’m carrying something more important than that, and when he or she comes into the world I need to be strong for them!"
"The centre itself is a fabulous mix of traditional old farmhouse, living community and religious retreat with its Yurt, Kiln, Lovers Lake, Labyrinth and Temple of Love. The welcome, and way we were instantly treat as part of their community was an example to us all."
"Although they had sensed the grace and authority with which he had read the passage, the response of the people was this: “Isn’t this Joseph’s son?”"
"Nationalism Post 1945"
"In 2 Corinthians 3: 18, after commenting how we reflect the Lord’s glory as we gaze on him, Paul maintains we ‘are being transformed into his likeness with ever-increasing glory, which comes from the Lord, who is the Spirit.’ Yes, we were all created in God’s image, both male and female – but something happened. Sin entered the world and that image became marred and blurred. Yet as we choose to become part of God’s family again, keeping our eyes on the Lord, his Spirit will transform us more and more into his likeness. So God’s image is slowly being restored in me as I cooperate with his Spirit."
"Rochita: Yes. This. You say it so very well. I had to think of how for most writers from the dominant (white/european) culture, commerciality of the work becomes a primary concern. Whereas for the non-white/non-western writer, there is a consciousness of expectation as well as awareness of the baggage you carry with you. Not that we aren’t thinking about the commercial aspect, but there are other things that supercede that concern."
"“Maybe even the kitchen cupboards! Oooo, it’ll be all like Where’s Waldo!” He starts giggling before I even say what’s next."
"I guess every superhero need his theme music"
"Please know that I am ALWAYS thinking about you and I'm ALWAYS missing you until the very last breath I have leaves my body you will ALWAYS be my baby."
"One thing that might have you reading no further is the fact that this is a query letter, a piece of paper that pitches a novel, and I’ve only mentioned the book once. In my experience, it might not be my letter that gets me thrown away but the close-mindedness of adults who can’t imagine a future for a silly little sixteen-year-old girl. That’s why I’ve dedicated this entire cover letter to getting you used to the idea that not all teenagers sit and drool in front of the TV all day."
"Once upon a time in America, we can tell our grandchildren, there used to be this great thing called Free Speech."
"Maude Nichols in Michelle Sutton's POSSIBLE FIRST RESPONSE is Trinity Nicholas' grandmother. She is 1/4 Hopi, 1/4 Apache, and the other half is Caucasian. When she's not happy she has a deadpan look resembling Geronimo's portrait. Maude goes by Gram and Gramma and she's in her mid-80s, but she refuses to tell her true age and simply says she's older than dirt. She's not sure how long she'll be around and wants to see her granddaughter married off to a good man before she dies. Gram has also been known to flirt with young guys just because she had nothing to lose by acting flirtatious. She has a great sense of humor and loves to tease people. At the opening of the story, Maude mortifies Trinity by pretending to faint a costume parade. Maude's objective is to get her granddaughter to meet the handsome contest judge. Then as if she hasn't embarrassed Trinity enough, Gram drills him on his faith, whether he's single, dating, etc. Grams would drive Trinity to distraction by saying that no man is going to marry a woman when he gets the goods for free. Maude"
"Today, I wanted to share my card for the Design2Delight card. Since this was the 1st challenge for September you can pick this image up for free at the Design2Delight blog."
"Firstly CAMRGB offers the cooking lager enthusiast possibly the best reason to put twitter on your Smartphone. Simply because you can tweet “DRINK FOSTER’S LAGER” with a #CAMRGB hash tag and it ends up on their website. Who doesn’t want to spend all day doing that? As for the aims and objectives, I’ll let you decide whether you agree with it or think it amusing but harmless rubbish. It’s free to join, by all accounts, making it better than CAMRA but you don’t get anything like Spoons tokens so maybe it’s not as good. Who knows? I guess it’s up to you."
"I look where he lies white-faced and still in the coffin—I draw"
"strolling from shop to shop."
"Fallenwood—a land where magic is the life force, dragons are sages, and wizards good and evil battle for supremacy. When 23-year-old Ash is thrust into the middle of Fallenwood’s power struggles, she is also forced to face her own inner battles. Life on Earth was hard enough on Ash, who is locked in grief for her stepfather. Now, the fate of Fallenwood rests on her shoulders. She must destroy the Great Crystal—the catalyst for all the land’s magic. As the kingdoms prepare for war, Ash must look inside to find the power to save the world, and herself."
"OU: Always a great show from Roger. I found out the day of the show that he had a full band with him. That got the blood pumped up. He did not disappoint. Very easy 2 hour listen right in the sweet spot. 18 songs. I wish I had gone all three nights as he mixed up the set list. I will be at Ravinia in August. Enjoy!"
"That would represent a remarkable turnaround from a fortnight ago when, after a crushing loss at Arsenal, City appeared out of contention eight points behind."
"First, thanks to all of you who read my blog! While it's the least-trafficked of my three blogs, it is my most personal, despite the lack of posts."
"The day of the show was hectic to say the least. I went to Crystal's to prep her makeup and give her a lift to the event. We had a makeup/hair time slot at around 3:30 but I had no idea what the exact time was. So we decided to get there early. Good thing too. The schedule had been thrown out the window and it was all first come first serve with these amazing yet possibly overwhelmed stylists. We managed to get Crystal in soon after we got there with the head hair stylist and she knew exactly what to do with her. CRIMP! Big hair with crimping and the hair clip I made to match the dress."
"Wow, the weeks are flying by. I can’t believe I’m already 17 weeks! Here’s where we are now:"
"Our desire to touch the dead, to adorn them in their Sunday best and wish them a final farewell, is the human process of gathering similar information. It is a way to reconcile our deep familiarity with the body of our loved ones with the realization that what they may once have been is no more. I’m not even certain that we have a concept of death beyond what we can tell from directly comparing what is different between the living and the dead. I certainly didn’t as a ten-year-old child shuffling past my grandfather’s coffin. In my desire to touch his cold hand I may have been fulfilling a need that many animals experience when confronted with their own realization of death. Whether it’s a chimpanzee mother carrying her dead infant on her back, or what the New York Times reported of the woman from Plainfield, New Jersey who “talked to her dead infant as though it was alive” as she rode the crowded rail car home, the effect may be to ease our minds towards acceptance. For regardless of where we started in life, we all end up in the same place. Death is the great unifier and as we reach out to touch the dead, we are ultimately connecting with everyone else who is struggling to let go."
"The world and the church are not one and the same. Yet this is what TBN and other so-called religious programs try to make it be."
"The writing was fairly good. The conversation and even the narration utilized altogether too much slang and profanity. Listen, I don’t care if that’s how every teenager you meet speaks– I like my books clean of all such elements and grammatically correct as much as possible. There are books where the occasional swear word is permissible, but when it comes up in every conversation, something’s off."
"By far the Eagle’s most famous editor was Walt Whitman, though he only served the post a short time (1846-48). He had a falling out with Van Anden over the issue of slavery — Whitman was a supporter of the Wilmot Proviso, which prohibited the extension of slavery to new territories. Seven years after he left the Eagle, Whitman published the first edition of his groundbreaking Leaves of Grass at a printing shop just around the bend on Fulton Street from the Eagle’s offices."
"Chef Rock Harper (@rockthecook from Virginia)"
"It seems that the news is taking a little longer to reach our northern mates."
"Wah...I guess it's been a while since I posted, eh?"
"The Australian writer Val Plumwood believes that the nature/culture split can be changed by Ecocritical writing. Plumwood suggests giving voice to the more than human as a way of re-spiriting dead matter. In his poetic essay journey to the heart of stone, Plumwood discusses how writers can challenge, “The experiential framework of dead silent matter entrenched by the sado-disspassionate rationality of scientific reductionism” (Plumwood in Beckett & Gifford 2007, p18). The way to do this suggests Plumwood is to recover an understanding of matter as spirited. He calls for a project that encourages us to, “to think beyond these boundaries, to re-invest with speech, agency and meaning the silenced ones, including the earth and its very stones, cast as the most lifeless members of the earth community” (Plumwood in Beckett & Gifford 2007, p22). The writer can re-spirit matter by work that gives voice to the non-human. By doing this the writer can not only help open up space for the world to talk to human communities, but also they can help the human communities learn how to listen. This is a way of healing a wounded space."
"And on His robe and on His thigh He has a name written, \"KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS.\""
"Founded within the 19th century, this company makes luxury leather products worldwide. Products which are sold will possess the extremely common LV logo monogram, that’s seen upon most products, which range from leather goods and luxury trunks to ready-to-wear, watches, shoes, accessories, jewelry, books and sunglasses. The logo is upon the actual leather, making it as common as all other brand names within the world."
"Hi Daryl-Ann,"
"Billy, sweet first-love Billy, fell in love and married Samantha Simmons, the most popular girl in school. They made a lovely couple, and they had a beautiful wedding. Because Billy became a pharmacist and opened his own pharmacy, he has done very well for himself. Billy and Samantha had three beautiful daughters. The whole town considered Billy to be a fine, decent and respectable man. He had the perfect family, plenty of money, and he was extremely happy."
"Things We Lost In The Fire - I've missed you, Benicio! But I will not be seeing your new movie, a story about coming to terms with . . . zzzzz."
"Summer break and Christmas holiday are one in the same here in South Africa, and it’s the big vacation time of the year. Mike did an amazing job of planning a 3 week vacation for us to 3 wildlife parks, the Drakensberg Mountains and the Golden Gate Highlands through Eastern South Africa and Swaziland."
"‘Tis the gift to come down where you ought to be,"
"Now, I've read a lot of \"romance\" novels in my day. In fact, my aunt has written one (available later this month), that would probably make E.L. James herself blush. What I'm trying to say is that I'm not a prude. The sex is not at all my problem with this book."
"Learning CSS, for example, is time consuming and tedious—much like learning Spanish or another language. However, Apple’s proposed tool would set you up with everything you need to build an app without any previous knowledge."
"NBC 15 will air the story at 6:00PM on Monday November 7th, 2011. There’s a preview on their video player on the right side of their home page RIGHT NOW!"
"AstraZeneca will acquire Ardea for $1.3 billion. Veritas will acquire Thomson Reuters health unit for $1.25 billion. Nestle won the bidding at $11.85 billion for Pfizer’s baby nutrition unit. Vodafone is acquiring Cable and Wireless PLC for about $1.3 billion. Facebook is paying Microsoft $550 million for a block of 650 AOL patents and access to additional patents, Microsoft owns or licenses over 1200 AOL patents."
"The New Species"
"Tape off the bin if you want to use 2 different colors. I just used my cheap white paint I got for one of my school projects a while ago and then used one of my favorite colors right now."
"For those of us who are fortunate to have regular Internet access — mobile or otherwise — and the basic skills to use that technology, we have unprecedented access to information and texts and media. For example, click on the YouTube video of the Sandra Boynton book again. Go on. Do it. I may own that book (someone bought it for my son for $5.99), but do I really need to own it? Can’t I just sit with him, phone in hand, and play the video from the YouTube player on my cell phone? For those who do not have regular Internet access — the unfortunate souls who may never have the pleasure of reading my rambling discourse — they are being left behind with an utter lack of access to information. As exponentially as the “cloud” is growing, so too is the amount of information to which those on the “wrong” side of the digital divide may never be privy. And how do you catch up once you’ve fallen behind? What of the other three-year-olds who never think to wonder: what is an aardvark? what is gopher? are jackals dogs? do quails quack?"
"we'll go fishing in the crawfish hole"
"For a complete list of showcases, panels, groovy activities visitwww.americanamusic.org"
"Seeking good barbeque catering is not a difficult task today in the age of computer and internet. You can ask about a good caterer around from your friends and family for their suggestion in this regard. Apart of these, internet is a great place to collect all the relevant information about a caterer as you have the opportunity to read reviews about them right then and there."
"Should you buy this? If you’re into the gentler side of indie, something along the lines of Guster, or something a bit more on the mellow side off of Sub Pop’s more recent catalog, this may be to your liking. Since this is a limited edition, it’d be wise to grab your copy soon. Support indie labels!"
"My rather large collection of books could politely be called “eclectic.” Impolitely, you might accuse their owner (me) of suffering from a multiple-personality disorder, because there’s no way that some of those suckers should exist in the same universe, let alone the same bookshelf. Fact is, I sample giddily from many different genres and a wide variety of authors. In my library you’ll find everything from high-brow literary tomes to … well, paperbacks that feature words like “heaving” and “throbbing.”"
"Or, I might cut off sentences with \"buts\" in them. That might be a good idea, but..."
"We have also been very busy with renovations building a deck and fixing walls and still need to paint the bathroom! I am so excited that we bought a new work car that we will brand as What’s on in Wollongong! So if anyone knows of a great local printer who can brand our car – let us know. I have been driving a ..... 16year old car since I quit my real job 3 years ago so I am very excited to have a modern air conditioned car!"
"Please come tell me why"
"I’m hoping that through pingback, and no doubt word of mouth, Keelhaul will pop by these parts just to discuss the matter further. I’ve appreciated his efforts in the Transmogrification community since day one, including his brilliant usage of the auction house and the demand people had for gear. There was a science to that idea that was well thought out and executed. I’ve never said a bad word about him and still have no reason to. At no point should anyone view what I have said as slander or with any type of spite."
"HUH!"
"Size: 30,438 acres"
"I still love blogging and want to continue so I created a posterous blog where you can now follow me."
"To the rational mind the sensible thing to do would be to cut down. But humans are evolutionarily designed for scarcity. Their evolutionary impulses haven't caught up with modern realities. Besides this, consumption has also become correlated with status. As Thorsten Veblen so ably explained in The Theory of the Leisure Class, in a mass society it is much easier to display one's social position to large numbers of people by buying a grand mansion or an expensive automobile than by trying to walk the streets of a city the size of New York with a large retinue. Veblen coined the now familiar phrase to describe the first strategy: conspicuous consumption. The second strategy often sufficed in ancient Rome which was, of course, much smaller in population than New York. Veblen also expressly showed how the quest for social status trumped abstract theoretical notions of rational utility-seeking in economic decision-making."
"I think, and hope, she gets some time away. She’s beginning to look rather worn and ill used. She did manage to make me laugh. She was telling the tale of a part time job she’d picked up: One room of a large house per week with the job to be finished in time for the home owners house-guests Easter."
"Seek, see in love"
"Albert Camus:"
"Ask Jesus to reveal your heart today, begin renovations!"
"It really would sound like a lame excuse when he tells me that I must have passed at least 5 signs within a 20 mile radius…"
"I pulled him towards the computer. 'I have a lot of very clever friends and some very rude ones. They will have some great things that you can shout back, rather than thumping him.'"
"breathing in light air"
"As I told this story to the Little Chef, he looked at me with a quizzical expression and said, “Louise, didn’t she know what you were capable of doing in the kitchen???” I laughed, cracking up to realize how well my nephew knows me and being glad that he has an appreciation for my baking even at his young age. While I tried to explain that sometimes you have to give people an opportunity to trust you and discover what you're capable of, he kept saying, “But that’s just crazy, I can’t believe she thought YOU might not be able to make brownies without a mix! It’s like asking Peter if he thought he might be able to draw a stick figure!” (His dad—my brother—is an incredible artist. And yes, he refers to his dad by his first name.)"
"Tested on WinXP SP3 and Office 2007. Your milage may vary."
"1 stick of butter, softened"
"Congrats to her! I will contact Debbie by e-mail and get it sent out right away!"
"“Honestly… Honestly I’m saying this. I happen to think Mr Methane’s a genius. I told you I thought he’s funny and I would back him; I certainly would."
"Just my luck it won't work. Just like with my luck the work laptop has decided to start playing up last weekend. Turns out it's the explorer process which hangs, but oh so annoying when you have to restart it several times in order to get all your programs to run properly."
"Guest contributor, rap connoisseur and all around good dude Marc Lanza (@LanzDaddy) drops in to drop some knowledge. Check out his take on all the \"Young Geezys\":"
"Then knock ‘em all the Hell."
"dictionary dictates our lives ~ lies"
"It takes time to tune an ear, and effort, too. It means tracking down every unfamiliar song and welding the visual image of the bird to an ephemeral voice. Unless you are among the gifted few, someone with the auditory recall of Igor Stravinskly, the weld usually does not hold the first time, or the second time either. The bird with the short, bright phrases or the raspy vowels must be tracked down over and over and over. Then over and over again, until those phrases and the image of that bird fuse and become one."
"“I will be coral in the Great Barrier Reef, nestled in the Coral Sea.”"
"I walk by my dad, who is surrounded by other fathers of Irish building stock. Their thick arms and tanned body’s lent over the static tea and sandwiches."
"has started again."
"Now I don't know how many of you who read this are single out there, but during my time as an Internet dater I compiled a list of a sort of \"code\" my girlfriends and I picked up on, on what the men would tell us and what it really meant. So consider this my public service announcement to you single ladies and men too out there who might be considering online dating. Again you're welcome."
"This morning, I do not regret the editing. I don’t want to raise my boy saying those sorts of things, and the first books you fall in love with are the ones you remember for life."
"Ker Farking Ching!"
"To his puzzled disciples the Master later said,"
"Obviously there’s lots of room for improvement. Next time I think I’ll try to pick a fabric that will be easier to match a thread to so it doesn’t show as much on the ruffles, and I’m not sure that my elastic placement was quite right."
"One thing the movement did do was confirm suspicions of the foul prejudice and heavy-handedness of the Police across the US. Video footage of this occurring is a good thing, anywhere. The muted official reaction (Obama spoke vaguely in support of the protestors, although criticised them for ‘demonizing’ the financial sector) says it all essentially; good effort, but you’re not powerful enough yet. I hope this commentary doesn’t sound too snidely. It is a simple truth that the Arab Spring is the far more important global social event of last year and defying evil theocratic oppression is always going to be a bigger deal than the spectacle of ‘Occupy’."
"1/3 cup lite mayonnaise"
"7:10: Junebug gets a bath."
"The doctors want him to eat as many calories as he can!"
"Will: we need to do more research on marijuana"
"No, though, this is More Like Electronic Farts we’re talking about, not Valve. (I once sent an email to Valve with an inquiry and they replied very quickly – and over a holiday, to boot!) I’m sure that Grant Rodiek or John Riccitiello (most likely the former) checked his email a few days ago and said to himself, oh my God people are angry at me AGAIN! What did my employees do THIS time?"
"Now, every year in Toronto there's this festival called The Word on the Street. It's basically a big literary festival where authors, agents, and editors gather to do workshops, book signings, and all that kind of stuff."
"Of resurrection, a grasped fistful"
"another aspect of how phenomena manifests at the quantum"
"Let him, deny himself – That is, let him surrender to God his will, his affections, his body, and his soul. Let him not seek his own happiness as the supreme object, but be willing to renounce all, and lay down his life also, if required."
"Individual hygiene is a must as that may be where everything would start. Take note when you are likely to suffer from sea sickness and other risky health problems. Inform a person’s resource personnel or the employer before you go on-board in order to avoid setbacks while at sea within a luxury charter yacht."
"We’re really pleased to be back at Taurus Bar and also happy to be kicking off the Fringe Festival on day one of Manchester Pride!"
"What I've Learned"
"around the bend a mile ahead"
"This is a picture of Max right after he pulled himself up from his butt to his feet for the first time! No one was in the room when he did it so thankfully Tim walked in while he was still up. I was downstairs when he walked in on him so he yelled for me to quickly but quietly come up to Max's room. I ran upstairs and went into his room. It took me a minute to realize what I was looking at but when I did I immediately got tears in my eyes and ran to get my camera. Saying that I am proud of him is an understatement."
"Okay, so it’s been like a week or so, and I just want to update you guys on my life. I enjoy reading the emails I get from people who read my blog. (tanishaf_90@yahoo.com) So what’s on my mind?"
"Few wars end with the decisiveness of World War II. Clearly, Vietnam did not."
"Photographs of Villa Labia rooms by Gianni Berengo-Gardin for an essay published in The World of Interiors, April 1987."
"* Listen to your favorite music"
"\"Moooom!\" My son freaked out. \"You're so embarrassing.\""
"Sun 9/28 New Haven, CT Toad's Place"
"The public sang along some of the best-known songs in the show and"
"These beautiful upside-down cakes were the latest baking assignment for the Martha Stewart Cupcakes Club! What I've really come to love about this baking club is learning a variety of techniques in palatable, cupcake-sized bites!"
"with its stiff fingers"
"Not a stomach ache, a sore throat, a cough…NOTHING."
"Therapy Dogs"
"Normal people don't get gunned down in their homes."
"This is the age and stage where girls (and boys too) really treasure and a personal interest in the decoration of all as a party theme - and also take the lead in planning and execution. Here is the opportunity to be lucky Beliebers (or PreBeliebers) share some of their own ideas Justin Bieber party. So whether you are in the know about the Bieb, here's a way to participate, get with it and be just in time for a ball Bieber!"
"Davies"
"It’s getting so that the papone can’t perch most anywhere anymore without getting waylaid by whiny victims of pecaminous acts by his perverted clergy. Astute observers may notice a critical mass growing… although this may be little more than wishful thinking, seeing as the catchalick memeplex will rather destroy its host than allow itself to be deactivated. In fact, any meme that can make its host abuse children in the name of a higher being has already destroyed its host and left nothing but a teeming shell of malignant memecode."
"Buttons: Random stash"
"SANTORUM: Yeah, she’s not. She’s — she’s doing what she does incredibly well, which is to be a mother to our seven children. And she is — she’s my hero. She’s someone who has been, you know, well- educated. She was a neo-natal intensive care nurse for nine years at one of the most advanced nurseries in the — in the country."
"The warning"
"I will continue cheering for Danny Gokey. Although Adam Lambert is an amazing performer and singer, I think Danny has the audience drinking up his understated sweetness and charm."
"In other words, it never really happened."
"Someone whose love will never end"
"But I might try that this afternoon."
"To finish, and to add opulence, I added lots of decoration using my Perlen Pens in gold and pearl - adding centres to the flowers, some dots along the punched border and a dotted border around the edges of the card. I also added some teeny tiny dots to the image here and there on the jewellery."
"I’ve always wanted to write and I kept pages and pages of story-filled notebooks as a kid. Somewhere along the way I got the impression that being an author was not a good goal to shoot for and I put the idea aside. When I became pregnant with my fifth (and last) child, I felt the pen calling to me again and started the juices flowing."
"For example, many teaching gurus stress the importance of placing trades in a simulator or demo account. Doing this, they say, will prove out their “secret” method – which of course they will share with you for a high fee – and then you’ll be set to start raking in cash."
"another day, another week—"
"Deputy Chief Constable (Non-London) – the senior discipline authority for each force and as name suggests, the 2nd in charge for the force. Has certain policy responsibilities and an overall eye of force performance. One per Non-London force."
"Another one!!! Another standing O. Well deserved. That’s 4 so far… all boys. This performance was by far the most emotionally taxing one that Joshua has done. At the very end there was a catch in his voice as he almost broke down in tears, and man, that was powerful. It really pulled us all in; it was so emotionally believable…… great job… great performance."
"I should be finished with the newest Lego Star Wars game in a couple of days, I hope. The biggest problem I had was one of my own making. To finish certain quests a particular character needs to be used and normally I would spend time wandering around trying to find this character but this morning I figured out that if I went to one of the control centers I could switch to what ever character I needed. The game is still a lot of fun and I will be sad when I am finished."
"Once I made this decision another turn of events came into play. Due to unexpected circumstances I also became the culinary artist for my in-laws for the first week of Lent. Both my wife and mother-in-law are fabulous cooks, so........uh-oh. However, I soldiered on. The spirit of Lent 2011 for me is maintaining a helpful attitude and to look for opportunities to provide help to others. You get what you pray for."
"Blaming not a twisted world, but trusting you can meet her there."
"This is a remake from 1919 and 1938 (“Storms in May”). Novel by famous Ludwig Ganghofer. I saw this yesterday on TV. The movie itself is quite good and is set around 1900. Good and typical alpine setting, but extremely few Lederhosen and few (good) sailor suit scenes. Though kids are often shown. Could be worse. Available on DVD. No clips on YouTube. English title “Thunderstorm in May”."
"“But you wanted me to help you set Elijah up? I thought you two hated eachother?”"
"At the same time, those who care about museum access might also see some cause for concern in this announcement. As part of these changes, the ROM is eliminating its two free hours per week, which were Wednesdays from 3:30 to 5:30pm. (Inconvenient and tokenistic as a time slot, I’ll admit. But my preference in terms of these announcement would have been to see these hours expanded and moved to an evening during the week.)"
"Mon, 11:30am: Thank god. I have all my teeth back, firmly in place."
"I know—it’s an obvious one. The three most powerful words in sales, perhaps, are you, free and guaranteed."
"Here’s what I’m thinking: participants would select a course out of the usual suspects (beverages, appetizers, salads, soup/stews, sides, main course, breads, desserts – any I’m forgetting?) and on the date selected, they would publish a post of their recipe with photos. A “button” would guide readers to the preceding post and the following post. A blog circle. The circle would be set up so that it starts with the appetizers and moves through the courses. Perhaps there would also be a “host” site that is not participating in the potluck, but just serves as a launching point for the event. A bit of HTML here and there (provided by me and inserted by you into your post) would tie us all together."
"Could you remember"
"Everywhere on facebook, on yahoo news, on Huff, everyone's talking about the super moon. Some are even wondering if it will cause problems. There's even an article on myths about the moon. Everybody's out taking pictures of the moon and posting it."
"The Christian fundamentalist drowns, takes the HOV lane to heaven, and when he stands before his Maker, asks, “God, why didn’t you save me?”"
"Conditions can make you stream"
"Well I finally have some news to share with you all. I mentioned it a fortnight ago, but I had since had second thoughts, the usual talking myself out of it, and then back into it again! does this sound familiar to any of you? But after much encouragement from friends and also my family I finally decided on Friday to go for it, and I signed a contract to open my own little crafting haven! Now , for those who know me well, you know I'm still very nervous about it all, worried sick I'll fail , but i gave myself a good talking to (oh yes , I am mad!)."
"Raving And Drooling, You Gotta Be Crazy, Shine On You Crazy Diamond Part 1-5, Have A Cigar, Shine On You Crazy Diamond Part 6-9"
"Mr Sheridan asked who else had their voicemails “hacked” to which Mr Coulson answered that it was a “matter of record”. He was pressed on this, and Mr Coulson replied that he understood “five other individuals” had been mentioned as having their voicemails intercepted."
"After opening the first picture, Nicole says was quite disappointed. Andrew had apparently posted some very old pictures on his dating profile, because he didn't look much like the guy she saw online. Says Nicole, \"He was quite out of shape and he had grown some facial hair, and he wearing a dirty white tank top.\""
"His case marks what some observers see as a key turning point in assigning accountability to an organization that has a long history of protecting priests who abuse children."
"Ratchet and Clank 3 (PS2)"
"When O’Faolain found out in early 2008 just how little time she had left she commented that she felt as though all the good had been taken out of life – a brave statement to make public – but a controversial one. She undertook a radio interview that explored how she felt about dying; one that proved to open many doors into this most private of experiences. O’Faolain decided to make the most of her final weeks and rather than fight a battle that could not be won, she wanted to enjoy what she could. Chase makes the same commitment through her work but refers back in other poems to previous experiences of another’s death, which seems to have helped prepared her for what is to come. ‘Dying’, or death is someone known, if not a friend, in this haunting first line from the same titled poem: “Dying wakes you up quietly, wafting / into your nostrils...”"
"I take a dutiful look around. A dollar for this, a dollar for that....and see the 3 leather jackets hanging there."
"Furniture in the style of treble and bass clefs, and..."
"have its foundation on God’s Word. It doesn’t matter how much you anticipate or"
"Why don’t you eat the Cabal, eh, laddies? Plenty of lizard meat to quell your insatiable hunger."
"I haven’t been writing because, holy moly, this week has been crazy…and it is about to get crazier. I finally realized I’ve been spending about 15-17 hours at school for every 9-7 hours I’ve spent at home. You would think (hope) that calculation would be the other way around, but noooope. From now until Friday at about 12:30, I am on a marathon of studying. Tomorrow morning at 9:00am, I have a three hour, closed book exam for property. At 5:00pm I have a review session for Prof F.’s contracts class, and on Friday at 9:00am, I have my 3.5 hour closed book, contracts exam. So basically, I have less than a day and a half to learn two semesters of contracts, it involves complex Restatement and UCC statutes, and the contracts test is weighted the most, 6 credits, out of all of my classes. I’m not even being slightly sarcastic about starting from scratch either. In an odd, but extremely scary way, it is kind of a fun challenge…totally different type of ”fun” though I suppose. Sleep is optional, right? Cross your fingers, because I am going to to need all the help I can get."
"Tonight’s picture is D and Bunny:"
"The Chinese government says that the Golden Shield is used primarily for crime control, but opponents argue (quite rightly) that the system can and routinely does snare dissidents in its net. Companies selling technology to China (and other authoritarian regimes) almost always excuse it with the claim that they are merely following the “local laws” of the country they’re doing business in. That’s true. But what happens when those laws are written by authoritarians?"
"Here's the finished painting, too:"
"Well, wow, have I learned a lot since I began lurking at ‘boobz. For instance, I learned that most married men are deeply unhappy slaves to succubus-women who delight in sucking the souls–catlike*!–from their beaten-down he-victims. This fascinates me. Because MRA’s seem to place a premium on believing that men are just naturally stronger–both mentally and physically–than women. Now, you would think that if men were just inherently stronger and smarter than women, that they could, using their super-special strongy-smarty mensy powers, extricate themselves from these borderline abusive relationships. That they haven’t makes me think they may be huge pussies."
"Men in my family don’t dream about Sardines or Pilchards. I asked them. They dream about manly things like buying sets of spanners and Mini Air Compressors – Electric drills or step ladders. All the men in my family are fans of DIY; and are hugely practical around the house! So what use are they to me?"
"So, was Wally’s Burgers worth a second chance? Yeah, probably. Would I come back? Maybe to try their signature chuckwagon burger but only if it wasn’t out of my way."
"And since my boyfriend insists on dragging me out of my warm sleeping bag (with 2 layers of pants, 3 pair of socks and 5 sweaters of course), into the extremely cold and dark bowels of the morning – sans coffee, well, let’s just say – my extremely laid back self has daggers, no wait, chain saws aimed at his head. (I love you…..)."
"The big issue right now is the student loan interest program. If it expires in July, the average student will pay $1,000 more on their loans in pure interest. For those who are struggling just to make the minimum payment each month, this could put them dangerously close to defaulting on their loans. President Obama is urging Congress to not let this program expire. This is one of those times when even through my congressman can be an elitist … (well, it rhymes with stick), I’m still going to pick up the phone and send an email asking him to vote to extend the program."
"It was the face belonging to a naturally slow or inattentive intellect"
"So thanks for looking. If you are still here!!! It has been a labor of love but so fun and I have learned alot along the way. I have some more projects in the works that I hope to share soon. Have an awesome night folks !!!!"
"What: May Beer Social"
"up trembling, slowly the brackens are up-lifting their"
"MORALS: There’s a lot of interesting moral issues in this movie. Pseudo-spoilers ahead: Karl’s character did what he did for good reasons, and in a way leveraged his mental disability in such a way as to escape the harsher punishment anyone else would have gotten for his actions. And he improved the lives of those around him. The punitive justice junkies will say this is why anyone who takes a life should be kept in prison indefinitely, and that this movie is an example of why. However, I view this movie as an example of why you DON’T throw away a human life just because they took one. When Karl was released, it was pretty clear he wasn’t going to be a threat. And he only did what he did at the end because he knew it would improve everyone’s lives. And it did. Yeah, if someone murdered Carolyn, I’d murder them. I’d want them dead. Personally. But I don’t think society would actually benefit from either of us being kept in prison after we are reformed. The largest prison population on the planet does little to deter murder, which is unfortunately part of the human condition."
"Although I was jumping from here to there and contradicting myself a lot we made some progress, although it doesn't feel like it.. I brought up the subject of combining love and sex. And the more I spoke about it the clearer my feelings of sex became. I think M was slightly confused at first, because I told her I wouldn't have a problem having sex with complete strangers but I have a big problem when it comes to engaging in 'love making' in my own relationship. But the picture became slightly clearer to both of us when I realised that for me sex and self-harming goes hand in hand. For me, sex belongs in the most dirty and dark corner. I associate it with pain - emotional, physical and also the power of being able to inflict (emotional) pain on someone else. This is the reason why I need all lights off and for T to shut his mouth and not talk, because ones he does I am reminded of who he is and the fact that he does not consider me a piece of meat."
"Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before."
"The gospel offers Jesus’ righteousness in exchange for our filth: offensive!"
"MH: Giant Thief is told in the first person from the titular thief Easie Damasco. Was there ever a time when the story was told third person?"
"﻿That premature birth is the number 1 killer of newborns?"
"And I'm not ready to do that. In fact, just writing about it makes me feel tired. So hats off to all you indomitable spirits tackling that monumental challenge."
"A unique and eye catching perfume bottle – curved with a marron glace copper lace corset for a luxurious wrap."
"So now on to the contest! Here are the rules:"
"Unless, of course, you allow for the space"
"a lockdown in their own homes."
"Actually, er, bollocks. In the staff cafe at University College London, Chris Rapley draws me a graph showing temperature fluctuations over the past million years. He draws an even rising-and-falling line. Then he corrects himself and the even line becomes a jagged landscape of peaks and troughs. But the trend line remains clear. So yes, if you start in 1998 — a very hot year thanks to an intense El Niño event in the South Pacific — and draw a line to a cool year, 2007, you get a falling line. Nevertheless, the average temperature for this decade is higher than the previous one. The trend is intact. Anyway, back to basics. Half a trillion tons of carbon came as a shock to planet Earth. Antarctic ice cores reveal that for about 1m years, atmospheric carbon fluctuated between ice-age levels of 180 parts per million (ppm) and warm levels of 280ppm. We don’t know why this narrow fluctuation was so stable. It just was."
"By Mike MacLeod"
"Available at Trashy Lingerie at www.trashy.com, but it's worth it to hit the store on La Cienega. The salespeople are so helpful and cool there."
"Later, an hour or so, I was on my rounds again when my manager pointed to the very same creature, fluttering about the front-end near the cash registers; bouncing off the big plate glass windows."
"Sailor's Delight was a real surprise for me. I told Pam I thought it would clash horribly with my skin and I'd probably end up giving it away. Sorry girls, once I tried it on it's stash status was sealed! I'm happy to report this looks fantastic on me!!! A vivid orange jelly - that skirts close to the redder side of orange life - with gold flecky shimmer/glitter. I think this was still just 2 coats and though there is a little VNL, in person it looked fine. The bottle did need a wee shake because some of the gold likes to sink to the bottom, but it refloated easily."
"Because for some reason they connect with me"
"So here is a quick up date!"
"I was really stumped for the last one of these, then I had the idea of getting a downloaded paper doll image with clothes that you can dress her in. I remember playing with these paper dolls in my childhood - many years ago!LOL"
"Menu & Beverage Pairings:"
"Larva is a not-too thinly-veiled commentary on corporate greed at the expense of domestic farmers. In order to compete with foreign exports and eke out a living they get into bed with greedy corporations like Tender Meats. Their tinkering with genetically altered meat ends up biting them in their corporate asses as the dangerous parasites begin decimating the small town, refusing to discriminate as women and children are readily dispatched. Basically, Larva is a wish fulfillment revenge tale as the arrogant corporation gets its well-deserved karmic payback. For a low-budget horror movie it has pretty decent production values, solid direction by Tim Cox, and an enticing premise that is well-executed by a cast refusing to simply phone it in as is sometimes the case with these films. When you’re dealing with a movie like this one, it is important that your lead actors have good chemistry. It is a bit of a gamble casting two very different actors together and then team them up with an ex-supermodel but the filmmakers pull it off by creating an engaging horror movie that hits all the usual narrative beats but does so in entertaining fashion. It may be familiar ground well-traveled but so long as it is done well, who cares? Larva is a dark comedy but one that never winks knowingly at the audience, instead opting to play it straight and deliver the epitome of a guilty pleasure."
"Do you have trouble deciding what to wear on any given day? Do you ever enter your closet and stand waiting for some sort of inspiration to overwhelm you? Do you ever wonder what in the world possessed you to buy some of the things hanging in your closet?"
"Two gifted humourists together – they could have been very amusing together, but I fear Alan Bennett would just be too incoherent with excitement over his new neighbour to make a decent contribution"
"When a woman whom I always viewed as stronger than God, showed me that we are never stronger............"
"The test of any humane health service is how it responds to patients, relatives and staff who raise concerns."
"I suppose so. Otherwise what is the value of trust?"
"We found a wonderful Church"
"This makes me wish that someone would start a comic book company with four-color superheroes, but in self-contained titles. If I want to read Amazing-Dude, I don’t want to have to also read The Avenging League, and all the members’ individual titles, just to get the whole story. I’d like to be able to read 3-4 titles a month and be happy. But, with so much digital media and everything else out there, such a business model no longer works for a medium that has remained in its current form, virtually unchanged, since the 60’s."
"Brandon and Nathan stood there, looking like they wanted the ground to swallow them up. Shit, did I just start unnecessary beef?"
"Gay And Bird, 22 Bedford Street, Strand, London"
"In One Hundred Years of Solitude, Gabriel García Márquez commuted Third World consciousness into a literary revolution called “magical realism,” defined by the writer himself as a form that “destroys the lines of demarcation that separate what seems real from what seems fantastic.” García Márquez uses figurative and “irrealist” techniques to retell the turbulent history of Latin America. He also employs absurdist humour to protest all kinds of oppression from bourgeois morality to Roman Catholic orthodoxy to US neocolonialism."
"I was in a very bad way for weeks afterward. From the exact moment my conscious woke in the morning, before I had chance to open my eyes and take in something good, something light, something whole, anxiety was wielding it's bricks and pounding my brain, my heart. The overwhelming terror is impossible to explain, and yet in the midst of it, I try over and over to tell Mr. Curry. It feels like... someone is standing over me with a bloody knife and they have just stabbed you and now they are going to stab me. It feels like... all our children are dying of cancer. It feels like... we were just told nuclear war is happening and we are all going to die. It feels like... I'm in a car going over a cliff but it's happening in slow motion and no one can save me... I use brutal words. He listens to me patiently, silently, with his body turned toward me. Absorbing what he can for me."
"In non-wallet related news, we've discovered Cam Wow, and omg The Geej and I laughed ourselves to tears playing around with it yesterday."
"Priceless moment"
"Over this past year on this journey of mine the universe (a.k.a God) keeps opening up doors to show me the way to possibilities. My part is to share them with you."
"John 13:16-20 ”…no servant is greater than the one who sent him.”"
"Container City is located about two hours outside of Mexico City in Cholula, and is comprised of about 50 standard shipping containers. The developers took 4500 m2 (48,500 sq ft) of space and plopped down the containers, stacking them to create courtyards, alleys and streets. The containers were then painted bright colours and outfitted with lighting, kitchens, dining areas and more."
"The precum was streaming from my cock and my cock was in the rigor mortis of extreme arousal. I held the back of her head to my nipple as I moaned quietly and let the thick erotic euphoria wash over me. As the divine rapture took control of me I lost control of my limbs. I was immobilized on the bed. I couldn’t have walked or moved if I wanted to; all I could do was create and sense pleasure. That pleasure was so pure and clear that it rushed through me like a cascade of clean clear water rushing down a stream from a mountain top relentless to the sea. I was nothing more than a pebble in that torrent; my asshole was puckering and pulsing and my prostate throbbing each time I hit the bottom of the riverbed."
"I had my 6 month prenatal appointment last Thursday. Boh was so quiet that day. She didn't move around when I got up to pee and I felt some squirming in the morning, but no big movements. It didn't leave me in a panic, but I was worried. We had enough time to go home from work before my appointment, so I used the doppler and sure enough her heart rate was just fine. I even ate a bunch of chocolate that day, just trying to make her move but she didn't respond to it (she also didn't respond much to the 50g of sugar I had today when I went for the diabetes test. If 50g of sugar consumed in less than 5 minutes isn't going to get her moving, a few pieces of chocolate isn't going to)."
"4) Beauty"
"As the child of a single parent schoolteacher with conservative-- perhaps even 'tightwad'-- purse-strings, I also learned very early on that several hand-me-down or used-clothing-shop outfits were far superior to just one new outfit. It took me many years to release the resentment I felt at the time to be forced to be so much less fashionable than my (rather wealthy) peers, but I now realize that I learned skills that the girls whose mothers spent weekends in Bloomingdale's would probably never acquire (whether they'd ever have the financial necessity for such skills is another matter, but they say money can't buy happiness anyway, right?)."
"ATHLETICO SPIZZ 80 – Do A Runner (1980) not on CD"
"A little about me..... I'm 36, married to the love of my life and we are completely controlled by one nine pound cat who runs our house. I just left my job after 15 years and plan on devoting my time to stamping/papercrafting and working with a local stamp store, Impressive Ideas. I am looking forward to having more free time and enjoying this wonderful hobby daily."
"A moment of life springs forth...a young mother carrying her firstborn child."
"For the name of the alien race, I wanted harsh sounds, and it had to include a Z (you’ll understand why, if you read the book). After trying out a lot of names, I was eventually inspired by the word “Buzzard” which conjures up images of an ugly, carrion-eating bird. So the aliens became “Bzadians” which incorporates the same sounds."
"Eliza Presley may not appear in your follower list. Eliza Presley may have decided to stop following you, or the account may have been suspended for a Terms of Service violation."
"So whats my point? Remember a few entries back I talked about necessity of our minds being involved when it comes to change. Well I let my mind talk me out of what promises to be a fruitful mission for all involved. I sabotaged myself or at least tried to. But hey, I’m getting smarter, I’m getting stronger and I’m trusting more and what does all that add up to? I’ll tell you it adds up to VICTORY!"
"Dear Father, thank You for showing me the importance of being diligent in whatever is committed to my hands. I make up my mind to put my entire self into what I do and do things right the first time, for that is the path of excellence and promotion. I thank You for bringing me into places of influence, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!"
"I do recommend this for the novice. It's an easy way to enter into nail art or ease into trying different colors. As always, Pure Ice is very affordable. However, I do not have the price point for this but I presume that it will be under $10. This collection will be available at Walmart and should be popping upon shelves now."
"he tried to involve himself in their activities,"
"Our experience is always only one seamless, intimate totality. Only a subsequent thought appears to split it up into different categories of experience, such as mind, body and world, each made out of a different substance."
"Thankfully it is not here yet. Time, E@L means. It will be here soon though, he is semi-reliably informed by the voices inside his head (they obviously have nowhere more pleasant to spend their holidays)."
"The following morning she could be seen leaning against the back wall, her knees up against her chest. Felicon Whisper watched her, knowing that she couldn't see him, also believing that she knew someone was observing. She just stared, but he could see the wheels turning. I'm watching you, watching me. It was going to be that sort of game. “Go in,” Whisper waved to his man at the door."
"Medicine"
"Folks from the village began to crowd around, drawn by his screams, and frightened by the enigmatic smile of the giant with a ruined hand."
"On the picture is the Furesø Framboise- a Belgian wit with raspberries. In my opinion, a great little beer, with harmonious raspberry flavours. Not overpowering, just subtle raspberry flavours like only Belgians do it."
"Over the past few days I’ve given passengers the background of the ship (all in first person, of course, from Tessa’s point of view). I’ve shared information about the staterooms, and I’ve tantalized folks with menus from the various dining rooms. I’ve also provided activities for the children. (Side note: I’ve opened this group to homeschool families, and many children have already boarded. With that in mind, I put together a full document of activities that families can use to teach their kiddos about the Titanic. I encouraged other participants to add to the activities list, so the document has grown a lot!)"
"“NO! Quiet!"
"Let’s take a look at what Nvidia has brought to the table this time around."
"Okay, you guys. So I've organized WriteOnCon for two years now. When I was asked to help with a real, live conference, I thought How much harder can it be?"
"As we awaited the fruit's descent we reflected on the end of 2011 and the uncertainty that the future year would bring."
"7. Babe I'm Gonna Leave You"
"Teaching your child to become Wendy Williams"
"Our refrigerator is covered with pictures. At the beginning of this school year I even found colored magnetic clips to showcase each of our children's artwork. A glimpse of our life's new meme Virtual Refrigerator will be a way for my blogging friends to share art and view creative new ideas to try each Thursday. It will be easy to join, and when you link up please grab the code for the Virtual Refrigerator widget and share it in your sidebar or within the post that you link up. Be sure to link to your specific post and not just the blog url. And be sure to keep this family friendly."
"Paul saw that all needs can be met from God’s unsearchable riches. (19) And my God will supply all your needs according to His riches in glory in Christ Jesus. Paul uses the term “riches of glory” several times in his writings, Rom 9:23, Eph 3:16, here in Php 4:19 and in Col 1:27. However he describes them in Eph 2:7 as being “immeasurable riches of his grace” and in Eph 3:8 as the “unsearchable riches” of Christ."
"It is time to re-enter the realm of the English supermarket. Don’t worry – there are plenty more tropical surprises to come but for now let’s hold the mustard. The word on the street is that Asda house some of the finest Clementines (Citrus Reticulata) in the UK. This is the type of rumour that excites livewithfruit so without further ado let’s crack on with the Clementine."
"3. Hang clothes out to dry on the line instead of throwing them in the dryer"
"Wrapping up this wonderful day... too tired to even think, so instead I offer this wonderful throwback all the way back to the long forgotten year of 2010 with Koan Sound & Asa's brilliant atmospheric piece \"Hesitation\", released on Screwloose and available on vinyl here."
"The Long Island Power Authority shut down power to a church along Cornaga Avenue after the incident was reported. The utility believes faulty wiring within the building caused the problem."
"on fansites, forum."
"Most of us that live in relative prosperity and security can usually identify with one or two of the categories listed in the scripture cited above, but we usually have trouble in identifying ourselves with categories such as “poor”, “captives”, “blind”, and “oppressed”. It is my belief that this is one of the reasons why the Fullness of the Good News is not being realized amongst us in the prospering nations is exactly because our material circumstances prevent us from seeing that, with respect to our spiritual state, ALL of humanity is covered by the categories listed."
"Ok, I know, those dominoes have been in the last 3 photos at least. I will get round to using them, honest. You can spy some distress markers ready for a DT project which is lingering to the left of shot. The tiny Prima flowers and cut piece of card, oh, and the peacock feathers DI are from the DT card I made yesterday. My 'much needed' reading glasses/crafting glasses are bottom right just below the backs from some double-sided tape and 3D foam squares."
"For men who have their will"
"so all I could do was crop them, using paint."
"Matt Farrell: You just killed a helicopter with a car!"
"Being who I am this time around is isolating, and the only reason I've been able to get to this point is thanks to dedication, creativity, patience, perseverance, stubbornness, extraordinary healing capabilities, and no small amount of temporary insanity. I've held my head in my hands more than once wondering what strange drive it is pushing me to continue."
"Or is that “tween” years…?"
"Connor’s best friend, Taylor, who sat next to him, leaned over and quietly cackled. “Do ya think anyone’s even listening to her?”"
"With my books I have tried to create a different type of vampire series using myself as the main character and so with the help of an excellent cartoonist my true likeness has been changed into a manga cartoon that you will see on the book covers and also inside the books as my book is full to bursting with colour drawings of me and my vampire friends and family."
"Posted by Miss Eliza"
"“And I’m the change,” says Bro."
"Alex just emailed me one sentence: \"We need normal lives.\" Good point, my man. Because besides the intense housing situation, there are other strange things afoot. For instance, I spent my morning with a man in a storage facility in Bellevue, a man who bears an uncanny resemblance to Earnest Hemingway. We were there to switch ownership of a storage unit from him to me. It's a long story, so just take it at that."
"Thus far Paul’s audience listened quietly and intently. He was careful not to mention his ministry to the Gentiles. Had he done so there would have been a violent reaction as indeed happened in verse 22. At that stage they “lifted up their voices, and said, Away with such a fellow from the earth; for it is not fit that he should live.”"
"Hopefully Jessica knows that the number of votes she receives from people watching her week after week does not dictate her amount of talent or worth. There are so many reasons why people become fans of one artist or another. She clearly can sing and perform beautifully. And there is much more to her than how well she can perform or what she can do."
"The countdown to the first day of school is continuing. One week and counting...hehehe. Manchild is not real happy about this. I am sure the kitties and I will have a twinge of loneliness.....NAH!"
"\"If there was one thing I would recommend for leaders (anywhere) to become both a favorite and perhaps give a more \"healing\" experience, it's have a really good embrace (other technique will tend to come along with that). And I mean REALLY work on it; have lessons only on that; work on it consistently.\""
"Money for Jobs and Education!"
"Fabio Capello’s attempt to explain to Rio Ferdinand why he is reinstating John Terry as England captain took a farcical twist when the two men failed to meet up despite both being at Old Trafford."
"pillow: zinc door"
"Based in St. Louis, Patriot Coal is a leading producer and marketer of coal in the eastern United States, with 13 active mining complexes in Appalachia and the Illinois Basin."
"Backstage, the vibe was incredible! Everyone was like family. The veteran competitors were more than happy to help out the newcomers and offer any advice they could."
"Life’s riddles,"
"You may not be immortal,"
"The banana loaf recipe started off wanting to be the one from the Hummingbird Bakery book but I edited it so much it pretty much is a different recipe now. I subbed out a lot of the sugar, used less flour and added oats."
"\"Will we do this again sometime?\" she asked."
"ONE, he’s awoken/"
"ARC obtained from the publisher for review"
"Wait a minute…arrow??"
"I just got home from Alt Design Summit. I feel so inspired! I will be sharing some of the fabulous people I met and things I learned over the next week."
"An attempt at a picture of Kate & I on the lift:"
"That's all the deepness I can handle this morning."
"yaḥ sa sarveṣu bhūteṣu"
"The JTF, acting on a tip off, stormed Bubbugaje area in Sharada Phase three, killing one of the militants. One was arrested along with three women and children. The bungalow, which served as residence and bomb factory, was pulled down."
"The first, and one of the most frightening, came almost immediately upon my return home. My friends and I were lined up outside of a circus tent, waiting to see the sideshow. An old fashioned and grotesque carnival barker captured my attention, shouting offers to show me my future in perfect detail. I excused myself from the line I was in and approached the barker, paying him the two-dollar fee. He led me to another smaller tent around back and pushed me through the entrance."
"By accepting that I can't get even the little things perfect, life has become much more accepting of me. All I can do is continue to strive for the good."
"One of the students stuck between a desire to continue education and a way to pay for it is Nicole Rodriguez, 26, who has been working toward an Associate’s Degree since 2006."
"LGBT employee group section"
"I better get back to my writing desk, I’ve lost a lot of my articles that were supposed to be published this month for various publications. Am I going to go back to writing on my computer? Hell no! Give me a pen and paper any day!"
"Straight-up contemporary YA. With dry humor. And they usually center around a love story while also facing a modern-day-teen issue head-on. Not surprisingly, this is also the type of book I enjoy reading the most."
"Need a unique fundraising opportunity?"
"An orangeish, somewhat cloudy pour, caused by what seemed like a significant amount of sediment at the bottom of the bottle. For a commercial beer, anyway. A generous white head forms quickly and slowly dissolves to a fine lacing on the edges of the glass and the surface of the beer."
"But let’s face it, he doesn’t even need shoes to be hot:"
"baby butterflies"
"It's the first time in a looong time that I've lived in a house that isn't haunted. And oddly, it just is making things feel empty."
"The story of Socrates is a kind of fiction. This is not to say it is untrue. The story represents one of the great half-truths of Western civilization. It is a story that is recounted time and time again in undergraduate classrooms and introductory texts – the self-congratulatory tale of a simple man with a sharp mind and an aversion to nonsense, made all the more poignant for the fact that Socrates was condemned to die for his activities. Socrates is the Christ of philosophers. As with Jesus Christ, there is a tendency among the faithful to see Socrates in an apolitical light as a humble teacher and sage. Yet Socrates, like Christ, was a revolutionary of his time. Through his way of living and speaking to his fellow citizens, and through his constant quest to test the truth of the oracle’s statement and to settle the matter for himself, Socrates dealt hammer-blows to the cultural cement that had grounded Greek society for centuries."
"First let me start off by sharing my latest creative endevour , here she is"
"When the boys woke up that morning about 7:30, I couldn't even get out of bed. I felt worse than I've ever felt. Poor Greg had been up all night cleaning up and helping me and Carter and then he started to feel bad, but since I couldn't get out of bed, he got up with the boys. He ended up calling someone to come over and stay with the boys since I wasn't able to help and he was feeling worse and worse. She kept the boys from about 11-2 in the basement so we could sleep. I honestly don't know what we would have done without her help. When she left, I went downstairs to see if I could help with the boys, but was feeling so awful. My doctor called me in something for the nausea, so we decided to go to Target. I drove there and Greg ran in while I stayed in the car with the boys. Just sitting in the car was more than I could handle and Greg had to drive back. We were in bad shape. We made it through the rest of the afternoon and put the boys to bed early. I slept on the couch while Greg watched some tv and then we went to bed about 7:30."
"2 1/4 tsp active dry yeast"
"Friday, and the last two distilleries on our list. Caol Ila and Bunnahabhain. The Bunnahabhain distillery was set in the most beautiful surroundings, and of all the malts I’d tried, was definitely my favourite."
"There's a legend attached to Poinsettias and it is rather pleasant."
"Therefore the National Assembly recognizes and proclaims, in the presence and under the auspices of the Supreme Being, the following rights of man and of the citizen:"
"You may have lost a child and are reminded each year of that loss. Or you may be desperately trying to get pregnant and this day is a reminder of your many failed attempts. You could have even lost your own mother and are reminded how much you miss her."
"In light of the things just happened to me and especially my friend’s nephew’s steady recovery. He had a very bad biking accident a couple days ago. I’d like to say thank to the Lord Almighty for continuously taking care of us and listening to our prayers."
"So here’s the thing, it really doesn’t make a difference to me if they win or lose tonight because I think the bigger issue is what this means for the NBA. When teams reach incredible lows like this there are tons of questions that go throughout the mind of fans. We have seen teams in the NFL, MLB, and NHL with tough losing records but none really stand out as much as the losing records that occur in the NBA."
"The unit, staffed by a dozen or so detectives, traces the flow of foreign politicians’ money through London, and is funded by the UK government’s Department for International Development, which also delivers aid to Africa."
"Ribbon is Do Crafts and was purchased from Craftaholic Supplies."
"Psst: I can't stop thinking HOLIDAYS! I've already starting planning and shopping from; what tree to get, went to HOB LOB to find new Christmas decorations since they are on sale. Oh and I ordered some Christmas presents last week and they are hiding in the basement TeeHee"
"The U.S./NATO war on Afghanistan is opposed by the people of the world. Tens of thousands of Afghans have been killed. Thousands of U.S. soldiers and marines have been killed or wounded. According to a New York Times poll, 69% of people in the United States think all U.S. troops should leave Afghanistan immediately."
"Dr Hotiarre:"
"But what about the toothpaste ad that depicts a guy who manages to get a date with a hot chick after brushing his teeth with that brand of toothpaste? Technically, no claim is being made about the product's ability to enhance your attractiveness or sex appeal. Maybe the guy just had a complex about his halitosis, and thought (rightly or otherwise) that the paste would mask his breath long enough for him to ask her out."
"\"We have to value each other and not condemn each other,\" she responded."
"-Bell Hooks"
"curbs and sidewalks. Intersection crossings are coloured. Cycling signal heads give the go ahead to cross intersections. Bike paths along the river have been completed. Now, connections are being made to the downtown, retail and commercial cores of neighbourhoods. Public bike share operated by the city appear around the city hall. With 5,000 bicycles in action, the commissioner feels that the service area is way too small. 10,000 bicycles would be a better number."
"And what Grateful Dead tribute album would be complete with out a drum break? Kohoutek’s Nathan Bowles & Scott Verastro blast out and off with a “Drums” that will keep you twirling."
"We had prepared for the learning walk for months, explaining to teachers in both spoken and written format what would happen. Still, the reality of eight adults entering a classroom can be overwhelming and walkers expressed empathy for those observed, demonstrating sensitivity to the courage required to open the doors of one’s classroom to adult visitors. We agreed that although we were not giving feedback, teachers deserve a thank you e-mail from me."
"This week's sketch was inspired by a card I made a few weeks ago for the Verve release. I loved the way it came together, especially the possibility for so many different interpretations of the ribbon/border strip across the horizontal panel. And those hat pins are so hot right now, I thought I'd see what y'all can do with them. If you don't have store bought ones - you can raid your sewing stash and add a few embellishments to a stick pin, or just get creative with your stamps, like Mary did below."
"Although it’s not written in this passage, our pastor indicated we should pay attention to what appears to be behind the story that first appears in Genesis 4. The young men made a sacrifice, probably because God instructed the first family to do so. Sacrifice meant shedding of blood. We learn God said without the shedding of blood there is no remission of sin. If our just God rejected Cain’s vegetables, evidence shows the young man didn’t obey the Heavenly Father."
"I love our little framed print of useful information. Steph found it in an old book and framed it. Just in case you need to calculate the circumference of a circle or British Imperial gallons... hey, you just never know! :)"
"(I hate those guys.)"
"The magnetic primer was a bit tricky to work with. It's very hard to stir, so I ended up taking it back to the paint store to have them re-shake it for me. After that it went on easily! and cleaning paint brushes with magnetic paint is hard! I totally learned after the first coat to put vinyl gloves on first so I'm not spending hours getting the paint off me from cleaning the brushes!"
"Label: Biscoito Fino"
"Man, right on brutha 9th, right on...nuff respect"
"the first half of the novel is made up entirely of letters, sent from the author himself back and forth to an adoring fan. the letters, sent from New Years Eve 1874 until Christmas 1875, reveal the truth in the fiction; the real Leopold von Sacher-Masoch and his fantastical mistress. shortly after Venus in Furs was published, a young Emilie Mataja looked to her idol for encouragement as a budding author and found herself in a twisted literary fantasy. a fantasy that is strangely similar to the fictional novella it proceeds. and although never actually fulfilling their desires, it is the single difference between the two. when Sacher-Masoch's eerily familiar characterization of himself, Severin von Kusiemski, meets his own Venus in Furs, Wanda von Dunajew, it spawns a year long affair, and takes the aberrant couple away from their little Carpathian health resort to a sparkling Vienna. where, all along an adoring Severin is meant to play the role of Wanda's obeisant slave. until the whips and binds become too much, and Wanda becomes an icy Venus brought to life and gives herself away to another man, breaking a love sick Severin in two. and what a beautiful lesson in the torment of love it was! I leave you with a glimpse into the sinister novella and with a favourite excerpt, when Severin first catches eye of his stony goddess, a Venus in Furs:"
"Key: X = time you arrive N = time announced"
"There were three murders on Durban beach on December 18 alone. And during the last eighteen days in December, there were 1722 assaults, 111 gunshot wounds, 493 stabbings, and 282 rapes. On Christmas and New Year's, literally millions of broken beer bottles, human waste were deposited along the Durban beach front. There were tens of thousands of drunken hooligans everywhere, stabbing people, mugging, raping and shooting. Afterwards, the street cleaners picked up off 37,000 bags of rubbish from just two streets afterwards along the beach. And there were 51,000 bags of litter collected from the beach - rubbish, human waste and broken glass. In weight, this amounted to 716 tons of rubbish and broken glass."
"Adj."
"You see, I'm not the most patient gardener in the world and I have a bad back. Given the choice of carefully planting seeds or scattering them everywhere, I'll invariably choose the scatter method. The problem is that it wastes a ridiculous number of seeds. Then they have to be thinned and I'm not a big fan of thinning either. It makes me sad to pull out a perfectly good seedling, plus it means I have to get down and pull them. Seed tapes solve all those problems. You can buy them pre made, but I'm also cheap and I like to have a lot of variety."
"1. Since we’re working with white, apply a primer to the lid before sweeping a white cream eyeshadow across the upper lid."
"I could listen to her for hours. I consider it a privilege that she is sharing some of her earliest memories with me. Recently, when I mentioned to her that I wanted to document stories like hers, to hold on to the Carroll Gardens that she knew in her youth, she told me with a twinkle in her eye that she had old photos that she could show me."
"(6) Best Fashion Kind of Stuff: Hooray for the return of sheath dresses – things that most women can wear successfully. I’m not really big on the sleeveless ones, but I’m thrilled otherwise. I’m also pleased to welcome back a more moderate denim – not skin-tight leggings or overly festooned jackets a la 1978, but just comfortable denim jeans, skirts and dresses."
"We hope you'll go over and play along for a chance to win a Tickled Pink Stamps prize."
"Anyway, they said they would continue to look at the fault (in case it was anything else) and would also check with Audi whether the instrument cluster had been replaced by a previous owner (I was told that there new computer system didn't have any historical records so all the previous details about this car were lost - like the fact that a few months earlier the cambelt had been replaced by them!). I said that was fine but that they should bear in mind that I wouldn't be happy paying £900, I believe it should be free for a known fault, and that I was having surgery the following week so would not be contactable nor in a state to approve any expensive work."
"'If the leaders of this nation followed the view of the public more closely, do you think the nation would be better off, or worse off than it is today?'"
"New Belgium Brewing Co."
"Dash pats the tears into the skin under my eyes as if he's applying a very special cream."
"Find baby's favorite speed with this innovative portable swing. The Bright Starts™ Sunnyside Safari™ Portable Swing is a win for parents and babies—from its machine-washable padded seat right down to its bright yellow, non-slip feet. With six distinct speeds to choose from, you'll find it easy to suit your little one's mood—and our patented TrueSpeed™ technology keeps those speeds consistent even as baby grows."
"I am trying to plan out this week's meals."
"Another layer of my ignorance surrounds my mother carrying me in her tummy, the circumstances surrounding my conception, my gestation, my delivery, my foster care (for three days–I think), and more. My ignorance ends to some degree once my parents got me (when I was 7 days old). Then, they have memories and stories to tell of their own about the three of us; we started making memories together as a family. But in those days, they were taught that ignorance was bliss for them too. They knew little to nothing about nine months plus seven days of my life."
"I presently have no fewer than three (quite different) theses about John’s frequent repetitions."
"The bottom portion of the layout if you look closely, appears to be wider and more turned up than the top portion of the layout. If we want to fix this to get a near perfect crop, we have to straighten the layout up a bit."
"I said she should hold her horses. Wait till the film was really a film before she did any such thing. Besides, ‘Skin and Bone’ didn’t seem the right kind of handle for a place you go and eat, but what the fuck did I know?"
"All that we owe is redeemed in truly loving God, *"
"These feelings were made more explicit on her final album, 1971's Patchwork. Written and produced by Bobbie (this time, with full credits), it featured southern characters like Benjamin, Billy The Kid and Belinda who hadn't been around since The Delta Sweete, as well as Miss Clara and Your Number One Fan, both flapper skits, the latter aimed at her more dottily devoted supporters. Marigolds And Tangerines betrayed a yearning for a simpler, sweeter life; Somebody Like Me had a soulful strut; Lookin' In was effectively a resignation letter from the world of pop. Bobbie has since said that, of all her records, she is most proud of Patchwork and it's not hard see why."
"Unwontedly. It was late June."
"Brooklyn Special Education Enrollment Sites:"
"And bonus Haiku? Yeah it is a bonus, so keep it down. This week is Jack White. His first solo album came out this week to good reviews. I was a little suspicious at first but after a few listens, it is a good one. Maybe even his best, up there with the White Stripes “Elephant”:"
"Co-created by Stan Lee, the legendary writer-editor behind Spider-Man, the Fantastic Four, X-Men and the Incredible Hulk, among others, Iron Man made his first appearance in the pages of Marvel’s comic books in 1963. The super hero’s trek to the big screen began in 1990, when Universal Studios purchased the film rights from Marvel. The rights were later sold to 20th Century Fox and then New Line Cinema before Marvel Studios re-acquired them in 2006. The $150 million movie was the first to be financed completely by Marvel, which together with the distributor, Paramount Pictures, poured another $75 million into a wide-ranging marketing campaign."
"“Yellow Clay is in for it,” she said under her breath."
"there is no time in life that you can just get over hurting someone you love"
"I fussy cut Wryn and adhered her to the card using 2mm dimensionals - tried to keep it pretty flat. Don't want a fat SMASH* book that won't close now, do I? :) I used my craft knife to cut the area out between those amazing shoes of hers - I need a lot more practice at that!"
"It’s always the same to me, strangers become friends"
"#108"
"There where the summer lilies blow."
"So far so good, this is a \"special/select\" ale with some bite, but it's quite drinkable. It's substantial for just one but okay if you feel like snagging another one."
"We don’t abide to a particular schedule; but tend to feel out what works best and base it on the amount of new or relevant site content on a given day. Facebook is a different story — it’s based on an algorithm designed to prevent overposting, especially by brands, so we limit ourselves to only a few posts a day to maximize our reach."
"3. Lou Ann Barton - Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree"
"Bloch crafted here a crime story that slowly evolved into a horror story by way of the psychological thriller. It is a convincing character study of madness, one that cares just as much about the cause and interior workings of the mental illness as it does about the mental illness itself. Inspired by the real-life case of Ed Gein (which is said to have happened something like 35 miles from Bloch's home), this is thankfully not a mere true-crime work, but a rock-solid original piece that is grounded in reality, which gives it a much more timeless quality. Even if it is overshadowed by Hitchcock's movie."
"MI-02 Peter Hoekstra WA-02 Rick Larsen"
"Note: If you will be making this by hand, you need to alter the steps a little bit."
"She Do the Taboo by Jason Eklund"
"I am truly grateful for all that my family, friends-new & old, co-workers, clients, and strangers in foreign lands have done for over the years. Thanks to you, whoever you may be, that reads my random blogs. (It is still difficult for me to comprehend that someone actually reads the things that I post. How cool is that?)"
"7.Cumin Powder : 1/2tsp"
"Frances"
"That skirt. Shit. It’s like she’s tellin’ us to come and get it. Gotta get me a piece of the action or I’ll die a fucking monk."
"Do I want Juliet Sims or Tony Lucca to win “The Voice”? Juliet. Tony. No. WAIT. Can Adam Levine or Blake Shelton win?"
"There are many advantages to applying opera glasses at the star topologies."
"Earlier this month I met this guy on Grindr (lol), a 29 year old grad student. We had been chatting for well over a month without much suggestion to actually meet in person until I finally summoned the courage to do so. We've gone out on five lunch dates. On the second one, he showed me his office with a view and attempted to make a move. I sort of freaked out and he didn't push it."
"Lines are staggered. People are not allowed to bunch up into inviting targets for a bomber who has gotten this far."
"When we were looking for pendants we wanted something unique that wasn't too over the top, especially in the price arena. I saw some of the most amazing outdoor lights, but when it comes down to it, we just weren't willing to spend the big bucks on something that hangs outside. It's crazy how expensive those things are!"
"This image was taken without the zoom function:"
"To say that Lil B is prolific is to severely understate the sheer quantity of material pouring forth from the young rapper, an Internet phenomenon who makes so much music that even a 600-song compilation of his work wasn't exhaustive. He's made more music in 2011 than most artists make in their entire careers, and that's true even if you just count his \"official\" mixtapes. He's also a rapper who loves provocation, as evidenced by the title of this particular mixtape — he's not, in fact, gay — and the parenthetical that seems like both a reflexive defensive maneuver and a way of underlining the ha-ha-only-kidding nature of the title. And then, the actual music is something else altogether, finding Lil B (a rapper of many styles and preoccupations) in his diaristic introspection mode, delivering naïve ruminations over soulful, low-key beats. With his patient, halting, occasionally off-kilter delivery, Lil B raps about race, self-image, religion, and mortality, his relaxed vocal style giving the impression that he's forming his thoughts in real time. It's an optimistic album, but not without a sense of darkness: he mentions suicide, slavery, racial profiling, and other societal evils, only to emphasize that personal struggle and positivity can help individuals get past these obstacles. That thematic focus is most apparent on album highlight \"I Hate Myself,\" which lays its emotional stakes bare by underpinning Lil B's raps with a swooning Goo Goo Dolls sample. The lyrics on this track have a clever structure, enumerating all the ways in which society teaches black people to hate themselves, before flipping the song's meaning around with a coda in which Lil B declares, \"everything that I've seen was a lie/ I'm not ready to die/ I love myself.\" [buy]"
"But even if your interest is in astronomy only to learn the names of the stars in the sky,"
"Nowadays, LVMH has purchased this business so that it would shift beyond it was along with her view selections. This mix has given Hublot replica watches one thing for being special about. There's a mix of affluence and extravagance within these low cost timepieces. These include Europe timepieces containing built good name for per se and on the world that is loaded with timepieces and patterns. You will find called WISeKey wise unit card currently in use because of the enterprise in eliminating fakes today that is progress into their patterns. Hublot have provided us with timepieces that are cost-effective and amazing."
"Getting soaked;"
"Now try generating your own images based on the sounds of the following names:"
"Most of the Norwegian micro brews seems to have gone dark this Christmas. Understandably for the Julefnugg- literally Christmas (snow) flake- brewed by the Berentsens brewhouse in Egersund, the dark mainland of Norway ( a term used to describe the Bible Belt in Norway, probably stemming from the many missionaries leaving the area, bound for Livingstone's dark continent). Long journeys were incidentally the background also for the beer styles emerging this Christmas from the Norwegian microbreweries, the Imperial Stout or the Baltic Porter."
"and items recovered from"
"It was uncomfortable. It was awkward, Frankly it was obnoxious. What type of person pushes for an answer from a total stranger when it is clearly not being given freely? She knew darn well what she wanted and she was not going to quit until she had it."
"Here is a closer view of the lion and tiger."
"Haare/hair: E 49, E 44, E 42, E 40"
"1. Be willing to use sponsor provided images when available. Our sponsors are quite generous and deserve to have their work showcased when sponsoring."
"I love the light banter which happens. Hawk’s character finds his feelings develop in a much more slow rate where as Julianne has loved him for most of her life. But this was not just a love story. Dreiling gets the reader into the plot with the creation of the pamphlet Julianne creates with the help of Hawk’s aunt, Hester (who I loved in the book). The story which is created is funny way which Julianne grows up and learns about herself and becomes stronger."
"19. Is It Vietnam Yet?"
"I am hoping to get into a semi-routine shortly and start blogging again to catch everyone up with my life. And I have another cookbook challenge entry to post about that Karen picked. I'll give you a hint...it is gelatinous..."
"Every once in a while, you read a book that’s so wrenching, so gorgeously written that you know that it will stay with you long after you turn the last page."
"If the IRS says no and the Yankees open their wallets, that might answer the question of whether tax-exempt bonds were essential."
"Paper - brown, pink"
"Being the self-proclaimed cheapskate that I am, I was blessed to be able to borrow some maternity clothes from my best friend, and the rest I got used from a local consignment store. I HATE (I could repeat that several times for emphasis) maternity clothes and was not keen on spending money on something I would only wear for a short period of time and that I really disliked."
"He wanted to stay with them instead."
"Though Herbstreit occasionally expressed regret regarding the affair, specifically its secretive nature and the guilt over cheating on his own wife of nine years, he was always “willing to sign memorabilia after our lovemaking,” according to Winters."
"Jacob Miller is an inner-city boy who hates being black and poor. He reluctantly assists his little brother Peewee in making a black snowman from the filthy snow in the back alley. The figure comes alive after they unknowingly drape him in a fragment of the magical kente , a cloth worn by African storytellers for hundreds of years. The snowman challenges Jacob’s outlook on life by telling him all the wonderful things that are black, and mysteriously conjuring forth brave heroes from African tribal tradition. When Peewee is trapped inside a burning building, the snowman shows Jacob a way to save his brother while exhorting the boy to believe in himself. Using mystical elements and the power of the past, Mendez, in his first book, weaves a stirring tale of Jacob’s transformation from a bitter victim of his situation into a proud fighter for his life. Byard’s haunting color drawings bring to life not only the snowman; they successfully portray the many contrasts between Jacob’s dour moods, Peewee’s optimism, the dingy apartment and the eerie parade of stately African tribesmen."
"1 oz. Willamette (5% AA, 15 min.) Flowers"
"You have seen the fab creations of our designers and guest designers and the lovely crafting CD-Rom our lucky winner will get in this challenge."
"She went on to explain that I am trying too hard to protect the feelings of an ex-girlfriend that reads my other blog. Which is true. I have so much love for her and despite the pain she has caused me, I don’t want to cause any towards her with this. This information would be catastrophic to her. The ex-girlfriend and the friend the post refers to are in a long-term dislike/hate towards each other. (I hate to admit that I am the reason for the split in their friendship. However, me and friend knew each other way before ex came along.) Anyways…this question is what made me a big girl:"
"I mean, I don't shout that."
"what are you reading and knitting this week?"
"Of course, from what I can tell she started with a junior petite version. I should be so lucky…"
"disposal of the Indians now in Town, we agree, that Roger Williams,"
"“I know I shouldn’t be saying this, but I kind of want her to get voted off so I can sign her,” Akon said. “She’s beyond the talent that’s supposed to be there. I think she’s overqualified, I really do.”"
"In the past, we have used this Reading Raffle idea as part of our Dr. Seuss celebration in March. We host a Bookworm Party in celebration of Dr. Seuss~ you can find more info about the Bookworm Party here. (on TpT)"
"\"Hush hun. Sige lang. Just let it out. There will be another time,\" she said, comforting me."
"Skeeter: Shut the fuck up."
"Below is the original photo. I asked a dear friend to take this photo for my art project and he obliged. The wind whipped through and before I could move hair out of my eyes, my friend pressed the shutter release. Perfect."
"Tuesdays = Yoga"
"In fact, the punch-ups are almost the signature of Snr Fuente’s inside artwork. He puts so much action and movement into them that they don’t seem like static pictures at all. Later I would work with author Cyril Walker’s material, something I’m sure I acquired a taste for in this tale of double-dealing and double-crossing."
"Wicomico County, Maryland buses are due to have GPS devices installed by next school year thanks to a new requirement. The buses already feature surveillance cameras. The problem: the district’s bus fleet are all private contractors. Many of these contractors do not agree with the idea of a GPS tracking device being placed on their vehicle. They see it as violating their rights as the state does not own the buses."
"An inordinate number of Key Westers were awake and on their computers at 6:00am on February 21, 2012. Why? Registration for the 31st Annual 7 Mile Bridge Run went from a mail-in system to an online registration system for the first time in its history. Participants were limited to 1500 and registration opened at 6:00am EST."
"All These Things I Hate by Bullet for my Valentine"
"4 large egg whites"
"He sat at her feet, the design all ready in his mind, enjoying the thrill of choosing where to place the first pin of his artwork. It took three hours – his technique was improving. When the work was complete he lay on top of her, feeling the spread of her wide hips beneath his groin, loving the tremble of her shuddering body. Slowly, and gently, he pulled the tape and cloth away from her mouth and eyes. She didn’t speak."
"Hello lovely readers,"
"The God who makes the wind blow and bids the eagle fly"
"I could go on for ages, but I kind of wanted to stay on topic, but I'm interested in the debate."
"The Yinka Dene Alliance is taking a Freedom Train across Canada to enforce their legal ban on the Enbridge Northern Gateway oil pipelines and tankers project, and to stand up for their freedom to choose their own future. A large delegation of Yinka Dene people will travel with allied First Nations from their traditional territories in northern BC all the way to Toronto, with events in Jasper, Edmonton, Saskatoon and Winnipeg along the route."
"I'm so excited to be here at The Pearl Girls today. To say THANKS for having me, I'd like to give away a few copies of my latest book. So look for a give-away after my post!"
"And Paul Wagenseil quotes Mikko Hypponen and Jonathan Zdziarski in response to Eugene Kaspersky’s observation that Apple is ten years behind Microsoft in security terms. Oddly, I’ve been asked three times for media comment on that, but none of it has appeared. If you’re interested in my opinion, you may have to wait until I put it up here. Which I rather think I will, some time this week."
"To see earth worms ascending while I sleep,"
"Many British Christians of West African extraction are members of church communities that subscribe to a supremely parochial, rigid, heavily moralistic framework of external behavioural output that forbids the consumption of secular music (that previously was restricted to the sounds of Western commercial pop). This is in stark contrast to contemporary Anglo-European Protestant Christianity (of all denominations) which in general terms has embraced modern popular culture with more warmth than might be ideal at times. Therefore, there is a major, unspoken spiritual class war taking place across the culture gap but both parties try very hard to keep their real feelings about these sorts of things on absolute lockdown within their respective bunkers. However, Afro-Caribbean Christians who evangelise tend to proselytise towards a highly conservative position in life (but not always in theology) – whereas Anglo-Europeans who proselytise towards a rather more liberal framework for life-practice (but their theology is sometimes much more conservative)."
"Passengers and commuters have watched with dismay their demands being put on the backburner by the railway ministry and State government for years. To see the talk of a “bullet train” is at once revealing and disappointing."
"Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth also the law: for sin is the transgression of the law. ~ 1st John 3:4"
"The front cover is covered in a scrap of patterned paper I had, and features the front cover of the book with Tin Woodman and Scarecrow on it. The back cover shows Oz himself when he is revealed to be a humbug. It also starts the thread that runs all the way through the book..."
"The question begging so typical of the Macpherson Report is on display: it has indeed been asserted, yet by no means demonstrated - ‘so clearly’ - that the murder of Stephen Lawrence was racially motivated. Note, too, the thoroughly unwarranted assertion that, since some of the officers did not agree they must be “institutionally racist”. This is not argument: this is intimidation and it is an ugly and pervasive feature of the Macpherson Report. The logical impossibility of individual police officers’ being “institutionally racist”, as Macpherson asserts, is nevertheless revealing. It demonstrates that in the search for “institutional and unwitting racism” one individual will be enough to initiate a witch hunt. In the Macpherson universe any police officer who does not accept that Stephen Lawrence was the victim of a racially-motivated murder, must, by that very fact, Macpherson implies, harbour some dark secret. He is a “racist”, an enemy who, like Winston in Orwell’s 1984, must be compelled to believe in something he holds to be false. This has nothing to do with justice: this is intellectual violence, the sort which typified Marxist sophistry. If we, the high priests of scientific communism are right, then anybody who disagrees with us must be wrong; our opponent is a class enemy, an “enemy of the people”."
"In many cases, as we have seen, the objection to different than is simply that: an objection, along the lines of a Monty Python contradiction or a Judge Dredd yell. Maybe the critic read a daft list of alleged grammar mistakes and added different than/to to their own nest of peeves. It’s understandable that some people prefer not to risk a mistake that would make them look “dumb” in the eyes of another, whoever it might be and however dubious their authority."
"Combine honey and rum with ice and shake. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with fresh ground nutmeg."
"Even though now it is hours later in the day."
"His story touched me yesterday when he told me about it. Today, at the end of the day he teared up, as we were preparing to go. He spoke of how lucky he was to have found her."
"“People need to put this into some perspective,” said the official, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue. “The vaccination campaign was part of the hunt for the world’s top terrorist, and nothing else. If the United States hadn’t shown this kind of creativity, people would be scratching their heads asking why it hadn’t used all tools at its disposal to find bin Laden.”"
"***post-edit: sold!***"
"This book has me yearning to hike the Pacific Crest Trail like I never have. It has me aching to start my memoir and wishing I could write with Strayed's raw intensity. Pam Houston calls her a 'deceptively elegant' writer and that's about as close as I can come to a perfect description. Like all good writers, she makes it look easy, which it is not."
"6. Tapirs. They are a real thing, and Friday was World Tapir Day! My colleagues and I decided to celebrate with cheese, crackers, chocolate and champers. Okay, so we actually just needed an excuse for a celebration, but once we found out about the Tapir, we were hooked. Isn’t he cute?!"
"Heard Him pray, “Forgive them, Father,”"
"I have been pondering often about our relationship to God lately."
"So perhaps - as can so often be the case - it is the hallowed turf of this small area of central England which makes the difference."
"To balance the salty water, a sweetener should be a part of the brine. Use sugar, brown sugar, molasses, honey or even agave nectar."
"‘I hope that you feel like justice was served for you today,’ Hawk said. ‘It’s heartbreaking and to say I’m sorry is not enough. But I hope you both have very full and happy lives. Congratulations.’"
"Also, if you happen to love those green fruity chunky things. Add them. I won't be eating it:)"
"Is my imagination getting away from me a little?"
"Ink: Lucky Limeade, Peach Parfait"
"To make the owl:"
"I am still saddened by the eventuality of this new building and for anyone who supports the planned new skyscraper I'd like to say this;"
"Some of my other travel photos from Peru, including Machu Picchu and other sacred Inca sites, can be seen in other posts in this blog and also in a gallery HERE."
"If you are beginning to clingy or demanding more time present with you or demanding you talk about this, it pushes them further away."
"If you're one of those generic 'creatives' it's because you didn't bother to learn how to be good at a craft and so didn't really know how shit it was."
"to pick up my friend Jocelyn to go for a bit-o-thrifting!!"
"This program was envisaged to “create an enabling environment for cooperative management and development … through a limited but effective set of basin-wide activities and projects” (NBI, 2001)."
"Empanada is a very popular dish in Latin America and Spain. You make a dough and wrap meat and some vegetables with the dough and bake or fry them."
"Here's another peek of some more of my greenhouse that I've been busy filling with edible plants. It's fast becoming my own little playhouse too, as I could not resist even adding a little bistro set in there!"
"Still like Pandora's box there is the one little piece of me that believes there is hope and I just wanted you all to know that sometimes that piece of hope is you....thanks for listening...xoxox melinda"
"Hi, \"just the minute i intended to take part, while reading the e-mail, i could feel the energy! i felt waves and waves of energy. thanks so much for sharing this blessing with us!\" anna"
"A couple of hours then, I returned to the apartment. Pierre was cleaning his roller blades and the French music with a rather high volume made it a bit relaxed compared to the stiff aura earlier."
"Thinking about Mama lying in the driveway like she was taking a nap and thinking about Daddy with his head squashed open; and of course knowing I ain’t never gonna see that Yankee game I was counting on."
"\"Weeds are flowers too, once you get to know them.\""
"Both of us now have shoes that fit our personalities. Gotta Flurt has tons of styles & prints of shoes that everyone is bond to love, especially the animal prints!!"
"Heat up the broth, soy sauce, salt and liquid smoke. Pour over roast in a crock pot. Cook at high for 5-6 hours. Cut meat or shredd and soak in broth before serving."
"Happy styling! Do you have a hot styling tip to share with me?"
"table and lamp;"
"She turned around. “What?”"
"My heart my coming into being."
"I missed so many great shots back in the day..."
"and the most important tip of all is to post the biggest pics you can."
"Our initial rendez-vous was brief but I knew I had fallen in love and announced at the table our intention to marry. My fellow Cell Block C inmate was surprised but laughed, knowing I was serious but also realizing that the union would never hold up."
"It is a gross and rainy day this morning here in Southern Ontario, which means my planned run for this morning is going to be a little wet! I have decided to stop being such a diva and stop avoiding runs in the rain."
"2011 Awards"
"Remove the carrot puree from the refrigerator and allow to come to room temperature. Prepare and cool crust. Fold in about 2/3 of the marshmallow creme into the carrot puree until completely incorporated. Now fold in the whipped cream until no streaks of white remain. Divide among prepared crusts. Refrigerate until set, about 2 hours."
"WISHLIST: I used my friend's Kindle last weekend and surprised myself by how much I liked it. I thought I would be staunchly against reading off an e-reader, but it was so light and compact and the electronic pages looked just like book pages. I'm intrigued. Any of you have a Kindle or other e-Reader? What do you think?"
"1/2 cup all purpose flour"
"There’s nothing humorous about In The Maybe World. This album ranks right up there with Berlin, The Painted Word, and Germano’s own Geek The Girl as one of Rock’s classic works of introspective sadness. The theme is loss. These are the lyrics to Too Much Space:"
"Probably my mom."
"The rare and poignant letter, written by this young Scot, one hundred years ago, has been recently discovered by record keepers at the National Records of Scotland as part of their effort to update and digitize thousands of wills and testaments from 1902 to 1925 to be added to the ScotlandsPeople genealogy website. The documents will be shown from April 16 until May 25 at The ScotlandsPeople Center in Edinburgh."
"I’ve touched on this subject before: manifestation. When this morning’s windfall occurred, I realized I hadn’t intentionally been manifesting my desires for quite some time. Sure, I think wistfully about these things in passing, but it has been weeks—months, even—since I sat down and made a list of what I want to receive, and sent it with a grateful nod into the unknown. WE SHOULD BE DOING THIS EVERY WEEK! It doesn’t take much time out of your day, and it is so important. Think about it this way: the planet is getting more and more populated every day. The Universe has never been so inundated with requests. If you don’t put your nose to the grindstone, you might not get what you desire. Believe me, it’s worth it and you deserve it!"
"Cost: ASA Members: $10"
"And secondly, no, it wouldn't matter because there's always more designs to share, more books to write about them, more knowledge on the horizon just waiting to be learned and shared."
"\"fuck off. But you do remember right?\""
"They never speak negatively about how they look, they simply do"
"It’s also fantastic how polls and qualitative research don’t add anything to the improvement of Education. It’s fantastic how ambiguous and hypocrite a person can be and we don’t need to go too far to see it, it’s there, everyday, for free."
"the plains of our faces."
"I really wanted to make the skirt out of a red and black striped fabric but had an incredibly hard time finding one. Joann's, Discount Fabrics, and Fabrix didn't have any. I finally decided to use a white and reddish pink stripe that I found on the $2.39/yard shelves at Fabrix and decided to dye it with black Rit dye. I got out my large dye pot and smushed 2.5 yards of glazed cotton in. As might have been predicted this did not go terribly well. The finishing on the fabric created creases and the fabric did not dye black but did eventually reach a medium gray/lavender shade. I dumped the whole thing into my bathtub (which dyed the tub purple and required a lot of scrubbing with bleach later) and swished it around to even out the color. The final result was a toned down red stripe and a bit of a distressed looking fabric. Despite the fact that it wasn't my initial idea I decided that it would do very nicely for a pirate costume."
"3nos Curry leaves"
"But traits that build integrity are best."
"I made two sets, one pink and one blue."
"This sunny yellow kitchen gets a pop of contrasting color in the aqua painted kitchen table. The blue really stands out against the creamy yellow. Love the look of that simple, but stunning, hanging lantern above the table!"
"For the first exhibition GHAT presents Morag Smith who lives and works in the coastal village of Johnshaven. Smith has exhibited throughout the UK with works in private collections in the UK, Spain and the USA."
"“The Federal Government has introduced PRPP legislation that will be passed shortly,” the letter states. “Quebec announced a regime equivalent to PRPPs, called VRSPs, in their recent budget. It is time for Ontario now to step up to ensure that Ontario residents, particularly those who work for small and medium sized businesses, can reap the benefits of a low-cost, accessible pension plan.”"
"...Plead for peace in the Middle East."
"Needless to say, I picked out 3 new pairs of earrings for myself, and shockingly found a cute top and FABULOUS dress that I must share with you. The dress was a STEAL AT $16.80, and I love it. I can't wait to wear it in a couple of weeks when we go to Florida."
"Anyways, think about this “sometimes the best way to hold on to something is to let go”. If we aren’t grateful for what we have, we can’t really appreciate it, and it’s going to feel like we have “nothing” no matter what we do. But there’s an opposite to this. It’s hard to be grateful for everything, but trying is sometimes good enough. If we stop for only one minute/day to think about what we really have I honestly think we would feel just a slightly bit happier. And do you know what? Somehow I think that little speck of happiness is big enough to grow and become something bigger. Try to make a list of 10 things you’re grateful for and see how many of these things you take for granted."
"For the sauce;"
"Even though school was cancelled yesterday. I still went in for part of the day."
"Phone: +61 3 90111606"
"Setup and Operation"
"To start off the week, I'll post a quick reveal of two new furniture items available at Country Antiques."
"our passover is sacrificed for us : therefore let us keep the feast; Not with the old leaven, nor with the leaven of malice and wickedness : but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth. 1 Cor. v. 7"
"In the hush of the moonless nights;"
"release into that which transcends the body and form."
"I did find out the results of my glucose test, and I failed the one hour by two measly points! I bet if I hadn't eaten lunch right before my appointment, I probably would have been fine and passed the first one. It's nice to know that everything is okay though."
"One issue with allowing the wing to ride closer to the ground through rake or flexing, is that at high speed or under braking (when the nose of the car dives), the front wing can be touching the ground. This is bad for both aero and for creating sparks, which will alert the authorities that the wing is not its normal position relative to the chassis. So teams are creating ways to manage front ride height. Traditionally front bump rubbers or heave springs will prevent excessively low ride heights. Also the front suspension geometry runs a degree of geometric anti-dive, to prevent the nose diving under braking."
"At this time, the FDA is sending Warning Letters to four manufacturers of alcoholic malt beverages to which caffeine has been directly added as an ingredient. Other alcoholic beverages containing added caffeine may be subject to agency action in the future if the available scientific data and information indicate that the use of caffeine in those products is not GRAS. A manufacturer is responsible for ensuring that its products, including the ingredients of its products, are safe for their intended use and are otherwise in compliance with the law.*********"
"I want to talk about what I have learned from my teacher, and what I am still learning from this great man that God has given me to learn from. My teacher has always told people when asked what he does for a living he was a teacher, and I never disagreed with that answer."
"Dream God and love to nation"
"Yesterday, Frank asked whether “Pembela can look at the issue from a bigger and wider picture, as citizens of this country with equal constitutional rights with other non Malays and non Muslims”?"
"Our regular monthly expenses, not including debt payments is $1,975.00. Right now, our income is negligible."
"And for the gardener this year, The Heirloom Life Gardener book and the Heirloom Gardener magazine...I think their photography is amazing! I am looking forward to all of my new lessons this year and waiting to see what Yah has to show me."
"1/27 vs. Indiana, W 94-87 (W +4), Over"
"In teh end success depends on your ability to execute!"
"You'd bark too if you were wet. At night."
"On the other hand, the A-6 /Tucano B-2 option offers a better load/range/endurance combination than the Harrier. These aircraft are vastly cheaper to operate and, although not capable of vertical landing, they do have a significant short-field capability and can operate from unprepared strips. In many respects, therefore, this aircraft type could be a useful Harrier replacement."
"“The back hole in the Sinn Fein call for a No vote is their inability to guarantee continued funding for our schools, hospitals and social welfare payments. But even I was shocked when I came across the Sinn Féin leaflet calling for a No vote, which quotes the economists Colm McCarthy, Karl Whelan and Seamus Coffey."
"* Comfortable"
"We’ve become excited by a flawless 2008 article published by Donald D. Hoffman, professor of cognitive sciences at the University of California Irvine. It’s called “Conscious Realism and the Mind-Body Problem” , and its aim is to show, using logic, philosophy, and neuroscience that we are not our brains. We are “conscious agents,” Hoffman’s term for minds that shape reality, including the reality of the brain. Hoffman is optimistic that the thorny problem of consciousness can be solved, and science can find a testable model for the mind. But future progress depends on researchers abandoning their current premise, that the brain is the mind. We urge you to read the article in its entirety, but for us, the good news is that Hoffman’s ideas show that the tide may be turning."
"One of the most misleading habits of realtors in Mexico is translating the title Notario Público. They don’t mean to be misleading, of course, in fact I’d bet they’re trying to be helpful. But in reality they’re only confusing their American or Canadian clients. Because here in Mexico the Notario is nothing at all like the notary they’re familiar with back home."
"I had no idea there are three types of knots, and four types of stitches in bead embroidery. My first attempt used a basic “hem” stitch. I used embroidery thread instead of nymo(r) – which is a no-no. Lacy’s Stiff Stuff? Wasn’t using it properly. You can stitch directly onto the Lacy’s; I used ultrasuede and an embroidery hoop. DBE clarified not only the “how” but the “why” certain things are needed with this beading format."
"2. Season the fish with salt and pepper. Place a large pot in your sink, and add warm water until the pot is full and the water reaches 115 degrees. Place two fillets side by side in a gallon-size heavy-duty resealable plastic bag. Drizzle fillets with oil. Submerge the bags halfway into the warm water (this creates a vacuum). Seal as airtight as possible, pushing out any excess air. Repeat with the remaining fillets."
"If you've been making Halloween cards with a black cat and you've been coloring in your cats solid black and they just don't look right then this may help. The secret is to color it with grays, not black. To understand the difference between shades of gray you might want to look at this older post about coloring black things."
"Read the story first, and then let Michael Morpurgo take you through his inspiration for the story here. What do you think?"
"Other Festival Highlights include:"
"Interestingly enough, the host star, GJ 667C, is a member of a triple-star system. GJ 667C is an M-class dwarf star that is about a third of the mass of the sun, and while it is faint, it can be seen by ground-based telescopes, Vogt said."
"Before Jesus was just a rabi: a teacher. He was wise; he was poor; he was loving; he was special; he was on the verge of magical; he was anti-establishment; he was quiet; he was promoting a cause."
"My head started to spin. Apertures that you put by hand (instead of pressing a button) into a “device” that I personally think is a lens! How much cooler can it get?"
"I just found out"
"Two years could allow markets to see whether Spain’s banks can handle the decline of local real-estate prices, or whether mortgage defaults will lead to widespread bank failures, requiring the Spanish government to finance large deposit guarantees. The next two years would also disclose the financial conditions of Spain’s regional governments, which have incurred debts that are ultimately guaranteed by the central government."
"Until I got to the office."
"This is true for the gospel of the grace of God remains a threat to all religions just as it did when Paul first began to preach it. It is as stated in Ephesians 2:8-9. “For by grace are ye saved through faith and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God, Not of works lest any man should boast.” Jesus Christ remains the only Saviour."
"The BGH has now decided in the case “Crimpwerkzeug III” (X ZR 193/03) that a ground for admitting the revision is given as soon as the BGH bases its decision in a nullity appeal procedure onto an interpretation of the claim deviating from the interpretation used by the upper district court in the judgement in a decisive point. Moreover, if this ground occurs after the expiry of the delay for filing the grounds for the appeal against the non-admission, it may be enforced by means of a request for restitutio in integrum."
"Brenda Gardner, publisher and MD started Piccadilly Press 28 years ago. Brenda’s experience in publishing was through editorial and she worked for Penguins, W H Allen, and Evans before setting up Piccadilly. Piccadilly won the Independent Publisher’s Award in 2009 after being shortlisted three times and publish across a wide range from picture books to young adult."
"Go check it out~"
"i've read this one a zillion times: if something happened to your friend and she came to you, telling you what upset her and began to cry, would you distract her by changing the subject? nope, you'd put all your attention on her and listen – calmly just being there for her."
"My Family Table by John Besh (Andrew McMeel Publishing, 2011. Photography by Maura McEvoy)"
"While Sheridan engaged in the “exploitation of women for his own personal gratification”, McCombes happily covered them up, telling no one, despite a “gnawing fear that this might come back to haunt them”."
"ND - The current rules give the board discretion."
"The book “Prescription for Nutritional Healing” by James and Phyllis Balch lists aspartame under the category of “chemical poison.” While many still refuse to believe that toxic or otherwise health-harming ingredients would be allowed to be used in food manufacturing, the evidence against aspartame and other artificial sweeteners is, in my opinion, overwhelming…"
"3. Give your dog playtime every day. Know what your dog likes and play with him every day. This is a great way to spend time with your dog and to show your love. Good toys are really important to your dog’s health and happiness. Here are some of favorite dog toys. Know what your dog likes and how he likes to play, and then find the right toy to meet his needs."
"3/4 tsp ground cardamom"
"You'll have to drink my share; I'll be at the American Distillers Institute craft distilling conference in Louisville. Cheers!"
"A quick shout-out to all those readers in New South Wales to let you know that The Local Taphouse in Sydney is holding their first Ale Stars session on Tuesday April 7. As regular readers will have guessed this event is one of my extra special favourite things to do that concerns beer and if you are anywhere near the joint on the first Tuesday of the month, get in and have a ball. And a beer. Or four."
"7) I'm currently buried under revision books"
"I can’t imagine what it would be like to be a senior government bureaucrat or corporate executive planning the best way to ram a pipeline across thousands of kilometres of pristine wilderness, much of it traditional First Nations hunting and fishing territory. I can’t imagine waking up one morning and saying to myself, I’m going to use my hedge fund to buy up thousands of acres of prime agricultural land in Ontario and turn one-third of it into an open-pit quarry because after all, in this day and age, gravel and profit are far more important than clean water and food."
"Carlos Gracia, President of the Spanish Motorsport Federation: “It’s the second time I visit the headquarters. I made a brief first visit and the second time round I’ve liked them even more and I’m sure that the third time round it will be even better because this team is doing a fantastic job and are taking giant strides. I think that the facilities are wonderful and that they send an image out of what HRT Formula 1 Team is going to be in the short, medium and long term. It’s important to have the headquarters in Spain and for the team to become more Spanish and hand out opportunities to young mechanics, drivers and engineers from this country. We’re aware that in a Formula 1 team you need to have the best people from the best countries but to have a Spanish base is important looking ahead to the future”."
"The term ‘Women’s Fiction’ will no longer be gracing WH Smith’s shelves after two customers complained to their chief executive Kate Swann, appealing to her ‘in sisterhood’ to remove the term. Teacher Julia Gillick and policy advisor Claire Leigh complained to WH Smith after spotting a stand branded ‘Women’s Fiction’, which they felt was outrageous and offensive. So, is the term Women’s Fiction offensive and demeaning to women or is it a handy label for shoppers to find books they like? (Taken from BBC website)"
"Something you're not wearing: socks"
"In the 'new' bathroom"
"\"Yeah, I'm soooo sure buddy, solar storms effecting the power grid? That's impossible, well maybe not impossible but it's never going to happen. The government would never let that happen.\""
"We are so used to seeing Katy Perry in her beautiful wide eyed look with a bubblegum pink lip that when we saw the visual of her for March edition of Interview magazine looking uber sexy with a hint of an Amy Winehouse look we couldn't wait to recreate this look."
"by Miguel Lloyd"
"a) a dog"
"Oh - before we forget - download the LoveTel Motel MP3. It's free! Tell your friends. Sweet."
"2) Some people are mean. They feel it’s their right – dare I say responsibility – to tell you that you’re a crappy writer, that your piece is plagiarized, that you’re adding more crap to the Internet (these are the comments that he left). Ouch, bro. I should give you directions to my house so you can kick my dog and rip up my unedited, crappy manuscript. Thank you for your constructive criticism, dude, I’ll keep your thoughts in mind every time I write now."
"We are ruled by brief encounters,"
"From the book jacket: Thirteen year old October Schwartz is new in town, short on friends, and the child of a clinically depressed science teacher. Naturally, she spends most of her time in the Sticksville Cemetery. While writing her novel Two Knives, One Thousand Demons, of which she admits the title is “the single best thing about the book so far,” October accidentally raises the spirits of five dead teenagers. When October’s French teacher dies in suspicious circumstances, she teams up with the dead kids to form the Dead Kid Detective Agency and solve the case. It’s Nancy Drew with ghosts, and these ghosts happen to love board games and musical theatre — how could I resist?"
"Malika Zarrar: That’s right. There’s no law on this. They left the courthouse all smug."
"Even though the show was in Toronto and I lived not too far away, I decided to rent a hotel room. My parents and a lot of my friends were coming into town to watch and we all needed a place to stay. During my research I read numerous horror stories of suits flying open on stage (Oh by the way, this actually happened to me in 2011!!!! More on that in Part 2 of this blog) and other such fitness and figure urban legends so I decided to play it safe and packed practically everything I owned from sanitizing wipes to sewing kits."
"“Well, right now it requires me to work, unlike you, but it also gives me more time. Think about how much time it takes to raise a husband.”"
".: A person of good intelligence and of sensitivity cannot exist in this society very long without having some anger about the inequality – and it’s not just a bleeding-heart, knee-jerk, liberal kind of thing – it is a normal human reaction to a nonsensical set of values where we have cinnamon flavored dental floss and there are people sleeping in the street :."
"The success of social media such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, blogs, and traditional discussion groups empowers individuals to become active in local and global communities. Shneiderman believes that with modest redesign, these technologies can be harnessed to support national priorities such as healthcare/wellness, disaster response, community safety, energy sustainability, etc."
"Stamps: Multi Step Iris, Whole Family (KSS)"
"Intimacy and constancy are, for me anyway, more precious than ever."
"My next travel is in a few months which will last a month long, so rest assured that this blog will have lotsa photos to show given my pathological shooter tendencies."
"In Acts 15 we go to the great Jerusalem Council. This took place after the first missionary journey of Paul and Barnabas. Peter is there but he is no longer the spokesman nor is he in control. Rather it is James, the half brother of Jesus, one of the sons of Mary and Joseph. He was the moderator of the Council and it is James who gives the judgment and the course of action. We read this in Acts 15:19 as James speaks;"
"Conservative councillor Bob Bibby"
"\"I did 8-track overdubs with Pro Tools into analog mixers, using cheap guitar effects for my vocals,\" comments Björnsson via cellphone from Central Park, minutes before Sonic Youth take the stage at a summer festival where Singapore Sling play the following day."
"100g frozen raspberries, briefly thawed, or blackberries"
"A little new technology, a dash of imagination, and a whole lot of excitement, and you end up with the E-BIRDS RC Flight Series flying toy. The Radio Controlled Bird,flies like the real thing with it's amazing opposing dual wing design, only that you are in control as it climbs, dives & turns it's way in flight both indoors & out."
"Season: Summer!"
"Grammar schools are small in number compared with other secondaries; there are about 3,500 secondary schools and academies in England."
"The judge yawns."
"I apologize for the length of that story..."
"“Al-Qaida is targeting the Kurds because it believes that"
"This has been a long time in coming, mostly because of a few details that I was struggling with..but it finally all came together. So without further ado I present ..."
"1. Outward evil speech comes from the inward vile person"
"I hope everyone had a wonderful Valentine's Day today. Valentine's day is probably my favorite holiday. I enjoy letting my friends and family know how much I care about them. I like that it fell on a Monday this year as we celebrated with our friends and family all weekend!"
"Next weekend I will finally get some sun in the Spanish beach town of Alicante! Until then, I have Cinco de Mayo to celebrate and La Carrera de La Mujer to run on Sunday. It’s our equivalent of Race for the Cure and there are 22,000 women participating. Can’t wait!"
"Do Not Have Fear, Have Faith"
"Nurse Duckett: “I don’t know.”"
"My heart breaks as I watch all the 9/11 remembrance programming this morning. The devastation is so much bigger than that one day. Families are affected every day across the country because of that day and the war it spawned. There are no words that can be written to pay tribute to every life lost in the wake of 9/11. I will try though."
"In a nostalgic mood, I wasted a whole evening browsing through old facebook photos. The majority of which took place eighty pounds ago. Back when I imagined180lbs would be skinny for me. Back when I preached big as beautiful. I hardly recognize that me. I’ve spent days trying to capture my emotions. Trying to explain why I’ve plateaued here, still forty pounds from healthy."
"-Mira"
"Here I am looking at the \"other\" side of the story and trying to say wait a minute, but in the same time alienating my readers of color."
"Some people wish they could live forever. Some people believe it. But just like riding a bike, your body eventually wears out, and you need to go home."
"Pacing: Obvious problems with condensing the novel aside, the film doesn’t rush to get the tributes to the training center and the arena, which could have been disastrous. Adequate time is spent in the lead-up to the main events to establish Katniss and Peeta as characters and to give viewers a solid sense of what this world is like. Not perfect, but solid."
"Sorrow scrubbed joy"
"How do we know that the Bible, which contains most of what we know about Jesus, has not been changed over the years?"
"When the flower has cooled, lightly sand its bottom."
"have either gone along, or for whatever reason, chose not to say much."
"If I were your fool –"
"Plans fail"
"Fortunately, I have a secret runner girl inside that I constantly suppress. Yes, I am one of those weirdos who loves to run! And I don't run with an iPod or music. I run to run and to feel the breeze and enjoy the beauty! I ran track for 3 years and cross country for one when I was in high school and I ran a lot of my freshman year of college, then I just stopped. So I'm excited and annoyed. I think it will be really good for me, and I have kind of wanted to start again. It's just finding the motivation and not thinking of it as inconvenient."
"Sandra: Wow this is a tough question but it has to be The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks. I love Allie and Noah’s story. There were so many reasons why they should have parted ways and moved on with their lives. Time and distance couldn’t even keep them apart. They were just meant to be together. Their chemistry jumps off the page and keeps the reader hooked from the start."
"A commenter, Anonymous, on a post I wrote about Registries Not Being Greedy didn't like that a commenter thought that she received crappy/bad gifts from guests who didn't use her wedding registry. There's nothing wrong with disagreeing but to call the commenter a \"brat\" and wish that her \"marriage fails\" is unnecessary and obnoxious and rude. Plus, if you're going to have the balls to write something negative to or about someone at least have the balls to put your name on it. Which is a personal beef I have with the Internet."
"To start off the week, I met an acquaintance outside Starbucks and she was wearing PURPLE – well it was more like lilac and so I snapped her. I have cropped this photo to show the ripples of the fabric and to bring out the delicate diagonal pattern."
"I'll still keep this blog up though, so you can read back on all of the cool stuff I've made and gushed about hahaha"
"The US Insurgent cover. Amazing isn't it? I love it. Yea, yea I know I just went on about how the UK cover of Divergent grew on me and I'm glad I have that cover and everyone knows cover have to match. BUT that does not in any way stop me loving the US cover just as much!"
"TYDUD Blog (tydudblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time."
"Ben and Jasmine are our heroes in this fight against a parasitic plague of ‘crawlers’, horrific creatures that swarm the Barbican Theatre in London (the wonderful setting for this story) and take over the mind of their human host. Teamed with only their quick thinking and dysfunctional school friends, Ben and Jasmine have a matter of hours to escape the crawlers and their Queen, whose simple wish is to control the mind of every human on the planet."
"All around the country, it may seem like our calendars are deceiving us. It is only March but there is the growing feeling that SPRING IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER! Here at"
"actually, if it hadn't been for her my love for sewing very likely may not have been reignited in my early 20's. thank you, amy and gypsy caravan!"
"What are your plans for New Years Eve? While I love a good party, I prefer New Years Eve gatherings to be somewhat intimate. I don't know if I'm just getting sentimental in my old age but the beginning of a New Year is a big deal to me. I love making resolutions/goals. I love celebrating the year past & looking forward to the year ahead. I guess that's why I prefer a smaller gathering."
"YOUNG ADULT WRITING CONFERENCE"
"I have created a fun BBQ card for today."
"This book was provided to me by the author for review with the understanding that would have no bearing on the content of the review."
"I wasn't looking for something that was more,"
"Got to spend some quality time with some of my favorite people this past weekend--my friends Josh, Michelle, and their daughter Ruby who were visiting from Portland, OR. We ate vegan treats and swam in the river. The Geej and Ruby played and had a blast. It was wonderful."
"Stopped again in Bakersfield spent the night, and then headed home with Aunt Trula. She had a great visit with her daughter while we were enjoying our \"Whirlwind\" week. Didn't open a computer, and it was really a nice break. It snowed on the I-5 over the \"Grapevine\" and they closed the hwy for 4 hours on Monday, but when we left Tuesday morning the roads were open and this was a treat to drive through and see the mountains covered with snow."
"8. I've Had Enough"
"May 3 was proclaimed World Press Freedom Day by the UN General Assembly in 1993 following a recommendation adopted at the twenty-sixth session of UNESCO’s General Conference in 1991."
"“So David’s fame spread throughout every land, and the Lord made all the nations fear him” (1 Chron. 14:17). This is the reward of obedience to God. We don’t have to build a name for ourselves. God will see to it that we are honored for our obedience. He wants to make known those servants who are willing to obey Him at all costs."
"Can it be done?"
"I’ve been corresponding with Kristie about Zauberball. I was confused -- she once knit a \"plain\" Zauberball, and didn't enjoy it because the yarn is unplyed. Crazy Zauberballs -- like the one she gave me -- are plyed. I looked again at the Cranberry Zauberball I will soon start knitting for my sister, and sure enough, unplyed. We'll see."
"Fuck, I'm fat!"
"Hopefully, these 4 reminders refresh your memory as to why art is important. It is likely that you have personal reasons why you appreciate art. Segmation wants to hear about those moment. Comment below and share with us about why art is important to you."
"Yes people, tomorrow she will be a year older. Wel actually it’s only a day older but that one day will make a whole year… So sweety, when you read this, tomorrow, after enough sleep (and all the people crossing their fingers all night will have some cramped fingers whole day long, sorry about that people!!), I wish you all the best! Happy birthday sweety. Enjoy your day of work and remember what I told you. You still look as hot as you looked in 2006. O wait… I did not tell you that. well…. now I did. Love you sweeety."
"The Killers marked the screen debut of Burt Lancaster and his tough vulnerability is shown to good effect in the movie. There’s enough innocence in the Swede for you to genuinely sympathise with him and despair at the big lug’s stupidity as Kitty plays him for the ultimate sucker. Ava Gardner’s Kitty gets the classic femme fatale intro; we first see her as the Swede does – seductively clad in black satin and vamping for all she’s worth in a night club. Her character is rotten all the way through - effortlessly hooking the smitten Swede, playing the gang off against each other, and finally, tearfully begging a dying man to save her neck by damning himself. The role of Edmond O’Brien is to offer perspective and lead the viewer through the labyrinth of deceit; he’s really the linking device between all the small episodes that make up the whole. O’Brien’s own guide along the way is police lieutenant Lubinsky (Sam Levene from the Thin Man movies) and there is good support from gang members Albert Dekker, Jack Lambert and Jeff Corey. However, two of the most memorable turns come from William Conrad and Charles McGraw as Max and Al, the killers of the title. Their roles don’t extend much beyond the first ten minutes of the film, but those are ten truly magical minutes. They get some of the choicest dialogue (and deliver it perfectly) as they simultaneously mock and menace the occupants of the Brentwood lunch counter."
"Unpaid supernatural debt. Bitter, murderous children itching for a mother's revenge. Merman point of view. Gorgeous cover. Sounds like a winner right? Sadly, Lies Beneath doesn't win the desirable 'Homecoming Queen' and will probably only be remembered as 'Also Ran.' First off, I'm not quite sure why there's a mermaid on the cover since our main character is male. Want to stand out? Give us a drool-worthy merman underwater that's totally unique in today's market and will really grab the attention of gals as they walk past the shelves at B&N."
"My 16-year-old daughter has been very busy studying for her AP exams, so her \"fun\" reading is on hold. She's eager to read Return to Exile, though, especially because she and I got to meet the author back in March at Writing for Charity."
"Would you prefer extending payroll tax cuts paid for by:"
"I look forward to inspiring you, meeting you and helping you to project your dreams into reality."
"\"Yeah, I know,\" I said then wanted to kick myself. Yeah ya big dork! Let him know that you stalk him on a regular basis. DOH!"
"...all consumed during one rainy week in Paris."
"When we stop and look at a beautiful sunrise or sunset, for a few minutes we remember what life once was for people. It's not so much a moment of beauty as a moment of memory.[4]"
"In addition, North Light Shop is offering a very special price on The Pulse of Mixed Media today only. And, if you click on the North Light icon on my sidebar and use the provided code, my readers get an extra 10% off the price of the book (and all other products that you buy)."
"The happiness grew, but not in a healthy way."
"I don't know what you believe or where you are in your life. I don't know what you think will happen to you when you die. But I want you to know as simply as possible that there is a God and He loves you. Your life is worth living."
"\"At the core of Foucault's picture of modern “disciplinary” society are three primary techniques of control: hierarchical observation, normalizing judgment, and the examination. To a great extent, control over people (power) can be achieved merely by observing them. So, for example, the tiered rows of seats in a stadium not only makes it easy for spectators to see but also for guards or security cameras to scan the audience. A perfect system of observation would allow one “guard” to see everything (a situation approximated, as we shall see, in Jeremy Bentham's Panopticon). But since this is not usually possible, there is a need for “relays” of observers, hierarchically ordered, through whom observed data passes from lower to higher levels.\" (source - Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosopy)"
"The polka dot dp is from Echo Park. The red velvet ribbon is from Michaels. The pearls are from Recollections. The butterfly is a sticker that came from my stash."
"It looks very much as if Baker has based his IPA specification on Bass. Which I suppose isn't unreasonable. It's just that in London, brewers and drinkers had other ideas about what constituted an IPA. Which was the authentic IPA: London or Burton?"
"Facilities Maintenance Photography"
"command the winds and waves of the seas"
"It's been one heckuva week. There have been some highs and lows and I am really ready to move on from it all. Feel free to join in the fragment fun by clicking the button above to go visit Mrs4444 and the other Fraggers."
"Perjury in the law of Scotland is the making of false statements under oath, the statements having to be competent evidence in the case in which they were made, and material to the subject of the case or investigation. There requires to be proof beyond reasonable doubt that the statement or statements are false and there requires to be evidence from at least two sources."
"I have a list of 40 beer to write about. I have 3 pages of notes about last weeks Great Arizona Beerfest to share. I have some rough templates of websites I would love to get feedback on before I go live. I even found a welder who has agreed to build my Brutus 10 brewing system for me. I just don't want to write about any of these things until I have completed at least one of them to my satisfaction."
"‘Nein. All Greeks are corrupt.’"
"Great tune. Killer chorus. And an ambiguous enough lyric to spark a debate. Is it merely about growing old or is it about the physical pain that a mental breakdown brings? Who knows? And who really cares?? Just turn the volume up and enjoy the music. It's rock, it's pop, it's indie all at once. It's also magnificent."
"Just as I suggested yesterday, try to take a step back from things. Taking a step back from your career, school, hobbies, etc will give you a good grasp if anything is controlling your life."
"Not even a nearly fatal car accident in 1982 could stop Teddy from pursuing his music and touching millions with endearing hits like \"the Gift Of Life\", \"I Can't Win For Losing\", \"Close The Door\", I Can't Live Without Your Love\", \"Joy\", \"Turn Off The Lights\", \"Love TKO\" and \"Voodoo\" among so many others..."
"5. “Under My Nails” (Puerto Rico, directed by Ari Maniel Cruz): No film proved as divisive and controversial during the 28th Chicago Latino Film Festival as Cruz’s psychosexual thriller about a woman who feels a rather sick attraction to the couple next door, an attraction that grows as soon as the Haitian wife disappears."
"I don’t want to have to fight for a seat at the table or wait to be invited. I want to be in a place where my seat at the table is a given, where it is taken for granted that I have been called and equipped with gifts and skills for leadership."
"Nothing. Well, maybe it depends on what it was I won. Now that Stud is older, I may or may not gloat a bit, mostly because he's a sore loser. But, in general, I don't do anything really."
"While I am lucky to even have a job these days with this lovely economy we have going, I still watch what I spend on non-essential things, like lolita. Last month I set a challenge for myself to see how far $300 could go for lolita related purchases. I'd like to think I was successful."
"In just a few days I'll be starting two more classes. I am happy to report I received an A in my color and composition class. I am less happy to report the B I got in my drawing class. I think I should have been graded on progression. I really hadn't worked with charcoal at all beforehand, and by the end of the class I had begun to like it and show a good amount of mastery. C'est la vie. I think the grading was actually done on the body of work presented instead of progression. The thing is that compared to some people in class my work may have looked like complete crap."
"“Newsweek also reported that the camp was run by the Zetas cartel, and the magazine said that U.S. law enforcement believed that all of the weapons had originally been purchased in the United States:"
"Since then, the city has paid her more than $120,000 to stay home despite a policy stating that non-union employees charged criminally should be placed on unpaid leave or reassigned, reports The Miami Herald."
"3) On the work mat, if you zoom in as far as the Gypsy will let you, you are looking at your image (or the part of the image that you can see) at the actual size it will cut."
"Hubby just told me he had merchandising jobs at WalMart this weekend, so I may tag along tomorrow and do any drugstore shopping on the way. I wouldn't go, but I need to pick up a filter for our air purifier and they are they best price at WalMart. Otherwise, I would not go near a WalMart on the weekend."
"What’s wrong,"
"Drive for 36 hours"
"Looking back, we laugh at how silly we were to even bother going. Things are vastly different now. We are tightwads and also parents. IF we go to the Cheesecake Factory, it's because we have a gift card (Number 1) and then we share a main course so we can splurge on cheesecake. We'd never pay money to listen to Top 40 hits while hanging out with friends in formal wear (proof: we skipped out on Dill's 10-year reunion last year). And actually, when we ARE lucky enough to have a night to ourselves, we usually put on our unsightly \"comfies\" (my word for pajamas), crash on the bed and watch Netflix while munching on popcorn. We're klassy like that."
"In the role of the Avox, I say nothing; I don’t have to. My son begins to speak, and does not stop . . .."
"If E-40 made the most robust-sounding albums of 2011 that I had to turn down my iPod to listen to, Dawn Richard made the best one that was so poorly mastered (if it was mastered at all) that I had to turn my iPod up to listen to it. Of course, lots of rappers make low budget mixtapes that come up short in the production or post-production, but that often fits their grimy aesthetic. Dawn Richard, an R&B singer who was one of the driving forces behind one of the best and biggest-sounding major label albums of the past couple years, Diddy-Dirty Money's Last Train To Paris, deserves better. Ostensibly, that should happen whenever she gets to release the album A Tell Tale Heart that this 'mixtape' exists to promote, but really this feels pretty substantial in and of itself."
"5. The Death Cure by James Dashner"
"I didn’t realize that every person feels loved/appreciated in a different way. Much to my surprise, not everyone is a quality time person. Some people have the love language of affirmation or receiving gifts, huh, seems strange to me! There are more love languages, five to be exact, that are identified by Chapman in his book."
"Stearyl Caprylate – See Stearyl Alcohol."
"When I was much younger I really wasn’t that interested in gardening. In fact, if I’m truthful, I wasn’t interested at all. That changed when I bought my first unit and the owner before me had created such a lovely outdoor space that I found I could just sit outside and “be” in my garden. During the first autumn in my house, I planted daffodil and iris bulbs and delighted in watching them pop up and then flower in late winter/early spring."
"The weather forecast isn't too good for the weekend either. So tomorrow's shot might be of a large puddle!"
"By the late 13th century there were around 600 Templar properties throughout Scotland."
"Wow. Life has raced by this past month. I feel like I have hardly breathed. 3 weekends in a row we had dance stuff. 2 competitions and one out of town adventure. We went to Memphis Tennessee which was actually really fun. The girls got to take classes from world renowned dancers. It was all relaxed and casual. The moms didn't have to worry with make up and hair and costumes. The girls had a blast."
"And finally, after scouring his website I just discovered that the man has a bunch of books out for adults dating back to the 90′s. Heeellllllloooooo summer reading! Should make for a good time."
"I believe the answer to be ‘yes’. For example, The Wall Street Journal charges users anything between £25 and £42 a year and still has about 600,000 paid subscribers. The majority of newspapers in theUK, including The Daily Telegraph, Financial Times, The Independent and The Times are charging their readers in one way or the other. While some may argue that the internet is all about being free, the fact is that while newspapers are dying, news or good journalism is not. And when you are producing exclusive content for your websites and investing in resources to produce that content, why not charge for it?"
"Once I was a Princess, but that was long ago."
"Who will follow Vince Manlapaz in the outside world?!"
"Paroc's decision to abandon its first application and refile a new application for an additional class of services lost it any chance of appealing the OHIM Board of Appeal's first decision, which first decision then proved largely fatal to its outing in front of the General Court in relation to its second trade mark application. In Paroc's case, this was probably of little significance as its mark was so devoid of distinctive character, but it is easy to imagine cases where a Board of Appeal has genuinely erred, in which case following Paroc's strategy could matter greatly."
"Then got worse."
"Been Down So Long – The Vinyl Stitches"
"watch this space for posts devoted to colour...!"
"XXII"
"Then the crowd chanting ” BUKA!BUKA!” but the officer do nothing."
"Tortious claims: In Malaysia, the Government is not above the law. Subject to some exceptions, a civil servant can sue the Government for damages in torts if the Government or a public authority has caused him loss."
"I had the most amazing Middle Eastern Inspired Vegetarian Platter with lemony lentils, eggplant, curried spinach, Turkish yogurt, and couscous. Every bite was flavorful and interesting. I would go there just for a repeat of this dish!"
"Farther and farther, all the birds"
"\"Also, even if the combat mission comes to an end by 2014, observers stress that some US military presence in Afghanistan is likely beyond that point -- similar to the situation in Iraq.\""
"The researcher of elites, one guide advises, needs many of the characteristics of the social climber: ‘everyone who might possibly know someone, must be contacted and asked if they will give introductions, vouch for one, and otherwise help one’s enterprise.’ (Non-corporate) Brits would undoubtedly cringe at my naked opportunism—I do cringe inwardly, alas, and often wimp out of asking directly—but people in India are fortunately more sympathetic, and friends, acquaintances, and interviewees have often been very helpful. Let’s face it: all elites of all societies operate on this principle, this one just more unabashedly than most."
"And, this is why I went searching for night lights just recently. My Mom needs a light to navigate her way through the house during the wee hours of the night. But, searching for a nightlight that fit the bill was no easy task."
"The AA-12 has yet to be used in combat. Russian missiles, historically, have been less reliable and effective than their Western counterparts. The Russian missiles are not worthless they are just less likely to knock down aircraft they are aimed at. The Chinese saw flaws in the AA-12 and wanted to improve that design so that it is more competitive with AMRAAM. The Chinese were eager to create an effective competitor for AMRAAM that they could export (they are already offering the export version of the, the SB-10, for sale.) Their PL-12 has, so far, not demonstrated any extraordinary abilities."
"Chippendale pattern on cabinets….love (Just told Jon earlier this week I wanted to do something similar to this and now voila a great picture to show him what I meant.)"
"Don't count on the deterrent working. The bad guy wasn't deterred by the door of an inhabited house, they might not be deterred by other things, too."
"When I was a teenager, I worked for a newspaper. I was an assistant copy editor, and I also wrote articles. My editor could always count on me turning in a lot of material. My articles were lengthy. Give me a story about a local fair, and I’ll write you a book. I was proud of that ability. I felt that I could make any news piece long and interesting. I considered it a challenge. Sports column? No problem. I can write sports. 4-H spotlight? I’ve got that, no sweat."
"Later that night, I saw a TV commercial for Marathon Oil. Everyday, genuine Americans were pictured going about the business of their everyday, genuine lives. They rode horses, drove convertibles, splashed on a beach, laughed and romped. In the background, you could hear the Marathon theme song, presumably sung by the same cashiers I met earlier that day:"
"Volomir: Have you learnt to paint and sculpt all by yourself, have you attended courses, or do you have some sort of personal master?"
"The New York Times: An Unworthy Adversary If Ever There Were One, Since 1958."
"April 10 kick-off event highlights economic benefits when station is complete by fall 2013"
"It was mid February and cold outside, snow piled in high banks on top of the ditches that lined the bumpy gravel road. The breeze that seeped in from the open quarter panel window felt like icy fingers when it reached by my face. I turned to the window and watched the smoke from my mom's friend's spliff drift outside, dance around and disappear. He smoked it slowly, joint pinched between his forefinger and thumb, inhaling deeply, holding his breath for many heartbeats before exhaling. Occasionally he would tilt his hand to the left in case my mom felt like indulging. She would shake her head each time, never willing to take her hands from the steering wheel, carefully following the packed snow trail laid down by previous cars tires. I mimicked his actions, breathing in deeply and trying to draw some of its sweet scent back towards me."
"Lastly, I belong to a Unitarian Universalist Church not because I identify as a Unitarian Universalist, but because I believe that the Unitarianism Universalism is the contemporary religion most closely poised to become what I would call post-denominational. It is denominational thinking that separates Christians, Jews, Hindus, Muslims, Sihks, Buddhists, etc. Even when Christians use the term non-denominational, what they mean precisely denominational in its implication: we are not allied with them. Post-denominational thinking recognizes that, within the context of a human meta-history, many mythologies, philosophies, and prophecies have developed. As Gandhi famously said, “I am a Christian and a Muslim and a Hindu, and so are all of you!” If we survey this variety of human wisdom traditions we can begin to ascertain patterns. Some patterns reveal falseness: they reveal the self-serving, the greedy, the insecure, and the power hungry, these are ultimately revealed by their fruits. Other parts of the pattern seem to reveal insight, insight into the true nature of life and the universe, insight into the nature of humanity, insight into the value of justice, honesty, integrity, and compassion. Post-denominational religion, or Religion writ large, is concerned with harvesting, developing, expanding, and teaching human wisdom, regardless of culture, language, race, ethnicity, national or regional origin, or any other contrivance which has classically separated brothers and sisters from one another."
"I hadn't even thought about it until this morning when I responded to a thread about mobile computing using a laptop, but they offer 2 GB of free storage."
"People lament the change wrought in the language by the arrival of text messaging."
"with a stretched out black bauble"
"Eli MacKinnon"
"O wretched man that I am!"
"We never GOT to 5K running, but we are STILL, 8 months later, walking pretty regularly. So this is a good thing. And it is a GREAT thing to have gotten closer to these two fabulous women. I adore them."
"So this morning I went toddling off to the great shopping cathedral on the edge of our illustrious city - the massive Meadowhall complex - and came back with this baby:-"
"Other people, though, seem to have all the reason in the world to lie to me."
"I recently discovered an amazing new line from Japan called il by Saori Komatsu. I completely fell in love when I saw the Fall 2012 collection as it is styled so fresh and the quality is amazing. I have always been a huge fan of Japanese fashion and this collection is a great example of how the Japanese aesthetic can translate in the US. I seriously want every piece in the collection and am completely obsessed. Il by Saori Komatsu is a knitwear based line that uses a very special method called “WHOLEGARMENT” that uses a single thread to make the whole garment. AMAZING!"
"Had life continued on without knowledge of his existence, I would have carried out my plan to leave. But the sequence of events let to a complete upheaval of our married life. A period of reflection, self exploration, and calculated decision making. In the mix of this is trying to delicately handle someone else’s insecurities and devastation while reminding myself that I still feel the same as I did last year."
"Post dinner, lazed watched Super Natural, ate Kaluha flavored chocolate dessert again courtesy Yooti which was the perfect end to the superb weekend!"
"What's the agenda? As I read it:"
"Pierre Bourdieu, the French social anthropologist, has pointed out that no dishonor attaches to such primary transactions as selling short weight, deceiving anyone about quality, quantity or kind of goods, cheating at gambling, and bearing false witness. The doer of these things is merely quicker off the mark than the next fellow; owing him nothing, he is not to be blamed for taking what he can. (1)"
"After one month of my Project: HoofnHorn campaign, I have my first report completed. In March, I amassed $179.98. This includes $15 won on an Oregon Lottery Scratch-It ticket. This total equals .0299% of my total goal. So, unless I want to spend the next 3344* months (278* years!) raising this money,I’d better step it up!"
"Heat a small amount of olive oil in a pan, and add the Italian sausage links."
"Indian braided tassel -"
"Anyone who has ever taught knows that if your student's eyes are not on you, then they probably aren't listening. Yet a pair of peepers could be staring right at you while the brain behind it is only thinking about a cheeseburger. Such are the ways of learning. It takes a great deal of hard work and discipline from the teacher AND the listener. I always hated saying to my students, \"Pay attention!\" or \"Listen while I'm talking.\" I began to tell them, \"Eyes on me\" which eventually evolved to, \"Eyeballs!\" I always get a smile or laugh from my piano students when I say this, but they definitely know that it's time to LISTEN UP."
"Seriously!! I know! (My husband's seen him, I think.)"
"Frontiers release the new Giant album on February 19th. This will be the first album with new vocalist Terry Brock (The Sign/Strangeways)."
"Asian-Italian Beef Hotpot… Who Would’ve Thunk It?"
"In Battle for Earth it’s ... Well, you’ll just have to read the book to find out."
"Headquartered in the UK, Compass has operations in more than 50 countries worldwide and employs some 470,000 people as of 2012. With an impressive 90 of the Fortune 100 companies listed as their clients, Compass has established itself as a world-class provider of quality breakfasts, lunches and dinners to a diverse array of customers, including office workers, college students, senior living communities, sports enthusiasts and even employees of remote mining camps and offshore facilities."
"I was going to see about doing some more research at the Family Center in La Crosse, but I couldn’t get the search to complete w/ the location and hours of that location so … maybe later."
"Sugar Syrup"
"But, seriously, I'm having sleepless nights over this title business now. The book's a comedy romance set aboard a cruise ship so trying to get that across in the title is rather important, I think. I mean, I've got my husband trying his best to come up with ideas but to be honest, he's still finding it very difficult to get his head round the romance side of things and the majority of what he's thrown in my direction sounds more like something you'd find in the adult book section at Ann Summers, but at least he's trying, bless him. And he did leave me with a bit of an idea as he left for work this morning but it's still only half an idea and me head is, quite frankly, hurting with the effort of trying to come up with that perfect title. I'm actually only halfway through writing the first draft of this book, so I've actually still got quite a bit of time before I need to finalise the title, but for some reason I'm practically obsessed with finding that perfect title now! I've got a great cover idea, but can I find the right words to make this book exactly what I want it to be? Can I hell! So, I'm going to try and forget about it for a while, put it to the back of my mind, and hope that at some point it'll come to me like someone switching on a light bulb, but preferably not during tonight's Coronation Street as Frank finally gets his come uppance this evening and I've been waiting weeks for this! If it could happen during Eastenders, that'd be fine because that soap is beginning to bore me to the point where I can actually watch it for the entire half hour yet, when it's over, not have a clue what happened during those 30 minutes."
"What are the terms? Do you get all the profit or a percentage? Did you find a lot of variety in the terms in your research?"
"Blues - Turquoise, Marine, Petrol Blue, Midnight Blue"
"So, who's in? I'll add a list to my sidebar linking to your blog (if you have one), assuming that anyone wants to join me."
"5. The Great Gig In The Sky 6:33"
"Rarity helps, especially in a recession. Between 2005 and 2009, nine works by this Pop pioneer wound up in the auction houses' major evening sales and they all sold, for roughly $13.3 million combined. That same number of pieces hit the evening sales this past week, thanks largely to a consignment of pieces owned by the late author Michael Crichton."
"medium onion, diced"
"When I told John that maybe we weren't ready for a dog, his response was to build a fence."
"His latest novel, Cop to Corpse, is an excellent example of his ability to ring the changes. This is another in his long-running series featuring Peter Diamond, the Bath-based cop, but it is rather darker in tone than many of the earlier books in the series, even though police office politics does provide some light relief. The structure is"
"Money Pit on Oak Island in Nova Scotia, Canada. Detailed description of what has been found."
"As I was out running errands that afternoon, she texted me and asked “Are you sure tomorrow won’t be too late?”"
"According to the article, the school the girls attend has a dress code that requires a shirts to have a collar…like a polo. The girls were wearing t-shirts they’d gotten from “Homes for our Troops” which clearly violates the dress code…the not having a collar part."
"my legs do what normal legs do:"
"Glyn Parry is a senior lecturer in history, Victoria University of Wellington, New Zealand, and a fellow of the Royal Historical Society. He lives in New Zealand. From January 2013 he will be Professor of History at Northumbria University in Newcastle."
"Wish I had time to write - I don't...and so I won't."
"1: Cleansing- Symbolically wash your hands in water empowered with rosemary, mint, and sage. “Goddess of the Spring / Send your swift breezes / To cleanse my spirit. / Send your laughing waters / To cleanse my mind. / Send your bright fire / To cleanse my heart. / And your pure earth / To cleanse my body. / Let me be remade / Clean and new / In your image / So I might rise again / Like the phoenix in Spring.”"
"I was completely stressed out for close to a week about what I would send for my Bead Soup. I had been focused on what I'd get and wondered about what I'd have a chance to create....never once did it cross my mind to think about what I'd be sending! lol (if it had I may not have signed up, I'm sure glad I did)"
"*He is very good at giving kisses, playing peek a boo. He caught on to saying \"BOO\" several weeks ago. It's HILARIOUS. It more sounds like Bahhh instead of Boo, but he gets it nonetheless."
"This Sunday in Miami, The Rock and John Cena will face off at WrestleMania XXVIII (28); a match that was over one year in the making (reminiscent of old 70′s & 80′s storylines), and is being dubbed and promoted as an Icon vs. Icon-style of match given both stars’ pop culture popularity. However, this isn’t The Rock’s first time being promoted in this type of match."
"If I am working on a web job or a portrait, 15 minutes does not give me enough time to really get into the zone, so I will set the timer for an hour or two. This reminds me to get up and stretch."
"I laughed with the administrative assistant about how the reason so many women are single is because none of the guys treat them special anymore. I said, \"No one wants to be romantic anymore!\" But, I kind of meant it."
"The latter, it would seem: a trial, proclaimed Ashley, “has a chance of reassuring many in the community who indicated by their votes Tuesday that, with or without doubts about how the case has proceeded, they want to see this resolved in a rational fashion.”"
"I know~ I am a lousy blogger lately! So sorry, it is just hard at this time of year for me. I had the worst start out to my day~ considering I only got a few hours of shut eye. I think I am just over thinking many things, so much on my mind."
"I am sad to see her go."
"We bow our heads"
"My back is so out of whack its crazy. I have chronic back pain, 1984 I was in a major car accident and ever since I have lived with chronic pain. I do have the good stuff for pain control, but I usually use the 800mg Ibuprofen. But today that is not helping at all. Last night it hurt like hell. But, I did the laundry and vacuumed the house(love dogs, I really do but....hair.). So tonight I just have to cook dinner and feed the birds (I have an aviary in my back yard of cockatiels). Then that is it. I am going to take a flexeril and see if that helps, maybe a hot cup of tea. Stress seems to send it into a scale of 10 for pain. Work has been stressful to say the least. The cost of gas is murder. But, I do have a job and I really do love it. But, it can be stressful. I just cant get comfortable today tho!"
"- Life isn't always fair;"
"Supported protocols: HTTP, WAP, JavaScript"
"We were welcomed home to severe weather. A few friends and some family met us at the airport. Only one of my three bags made it and it didn't even bother me. I was so tired and just wanted to get home to my bed. I forgot to even tell the airline the bags didn't make it. Fortunately, I have a great husband who took care of all that the next day and made my bags magically appear."
"So once in the door I wade into a sea of smiling faces. Smiling shark like faces. Sharks with daggers and special candy in their fin. Guess we’re all just a school of sharks in this room. Only with the nod of a head from anyone under thirty would you know that the Paul Bots had infiltrated this shin dig like fluid oil seeping into every crevice of every cog in the machinery of a terrifying behemoth know as the neoconservative republican party. Everything starts out pleasant but like a duck whose glide is on the surface graceful; underneath that thing is brewing up a storm of uspeakables. The unexpected swell of bodies in this little meeting one by one go to have their names checked off the roll and get their super special kids club membership badge. Then a mad dash to the coffee and doughnuts. I don’t even eat doughnuts and I dashed because I just want to eat the republican party’s doughnut so, so bad. Me and Red try to act casual with our little Styrofoam cups in one hand and our Dixie plate in the other with aforementioned doughnut snugly on top. We’re not casual though. We’re only acting casual because what we are really doing is scoping this joint out. We are eyeballing for anyone with and ‘END THE FED’ button or a ‘Don’t Tread on Me’ meanie snake ready to strike. After a one over we turn in our paypaz and mingle for a moment with other subversives who we know for sure are on our side. Once the meeting is called into session everything was still all smiles and to the uninformed it would appear as if that would not change. To them it would seem this would be a quick in and out. Oh…the uninformed were in for a real bottom of the cearel box treat and I’m not talking about the one’s you have to cut off the box and put together. No sir I speak of the ones you use to race your siblings to the bottom of the sugary, chemical filled, breakfast supplement box in order to claim it as your own. From this point on I’m going from memory and have only that to rely on as to what transpired so I apologize beforehand if any of my exact exactments turns out to be not exactly precise."
"Click"
"-end by thanking for spend time."
"When I worked there Kodak had their hands in lots of things. Chemicals. Medical Devices. Motion Pictures. Copiers. And, of course, cameras and film. As others have supplanted them from their leadership position they've gradually sold off one business after another in order to curb expenses and focus on their core business. And now - there's nothing more to sell except their patents."
"Lewis Schaffer, Lewis Schaffer, Lewis Schaffer: Featuring Lewis Schaffer with Musical Guest Lewis Schaffer – Joane Longo"
"How did this look from Cuba’s perspective? Well, imagine that at the end of the American Revolution the French had decided to remain here. Imagine that the French had refused to allow Washington and his army to attend the armistice at Yorktown. Imagine that they had denied the Continental Congress a seat at the Treaty of Paris, prohibited expropriation of Tory property, occupied New York Harbor, dispatched troops to quash Shays’ and other rebellions and then immigrated to the colonies in droves, snatching up the most valuable land."
"Tell me what you like…what you don’t like….what inspires you…..and what society most needs. As always……you rock!!!!!"
"_____I took home an Oscar once ... At least I think that was his name. (funny Oscar Quote)"
"Whatever that waveform is.. its showing as a quick flash into the high RF.. and as the flash intensity increases .. so does its geometric modulation appearance on the screen — ultimately the higher and more frequent the flashes = the stronger and longer lasting the storm that comes to the flash."
"My deepest sympathy to everyone who knew Mike Joyal, Lt Col, USAF, Ret., AFA Class of 1987. During a week that three American warriors were killed in Afghanistan, a drunk driver killed Joyal here at home as he road his bicycle. If you wish to honor him, you can make a donation to the college fund for his children, Jackie and Katherine, at Joyal Children’s College Fund, 15954 Jackson Creek Pkwy Ste B, Box 316, Monument, Colo., 80132 (make checks payable to Suzanne Roseberry)."
"I'm absolutely and completely lost right now. This is a very bad thing in a query."
"If you know me, you know that some serious analysis was about to take place. With months of prior usage at my fingertips, I figured out the plans we needed. Most of our plan minutes on Verizon were calls to other Verizon phones (free on our plan), so we had to take that into consideration."
"Other famous vegetarians include Leonardo da Vinci, Sir Isaac Newton, the physician Albert Schweitzer, writer George Bernard Shaw, musician Paul McCartney, and champion triathlete Dave Scott. Albert Einstein, although not a strict vegetarian himself, stated that a vegetarian diet would be an evolutionary step forward for the human race."
"What better way to amuse himself than to get back on Facebook?"
"* mixed in 2 red & green bell peppers and 3 tomatoes ( i ♥ tomatoes!)"
"Working on tracing the number 2 from our Mickey Mouse Trace book. I can’t tell if she is going to be a lefty or righty, she is using both hands, this time it was the left:"
"The NPC is not the only major political meet-up happening in Beijing right now. The CPPCC – the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference – is also in full swing. The 70-odd richest legislators in this government advisory body, similar to the NPC, had a net worth of more than $100 billion in 2011."
"If"
"In fact, Jennings denounced school choice programs as “very dangerous” because they make it much harder to impose the Homosexual Agenda on our kids."
"organic walnuts- 1.26 lbs at $8.29/lb- $10.45- I go in phases with walnuts. I’m currently on a love phase. I use them for everything- oatmeal, soups, salads, roasted vegetables (especially good roasted with olive oil and balsamic vinegar), and lately I’ve been having them as snacks"
"b) I haven't actually finished the story yet. I've got about two chapters to go, I think, if my estimation is correct."
"150 grams of granulated sugar"
"I've had a couple of hugely successful sales of my own too. My last one had me walk away with $600 and I had no big ticket items or furniture amongst it. Might make my next blog on how to have a killer sale!"
"Thick old curtains"
"I am SO happy to have a powerful Voice from the Shine list speak this year. She has spoken at the wonderful Toronto Unschooling Conference for the past two years. This past year, I was so touched and moved and inspired by her talk, that I asked her to share it with her Shining Peeps at our conference!!"
"Can I just say?..."
"The Stars of Mithra is a thrilling tale and worth reading."
"“I starting engine now?”"
"Since I don't typically eat a lot of pasta, I've always treated the dish as a rare treat - until now. By substituting spaghetti squash for the usual pasta, I've transformed the dish from a somewhat guilty pleasure into a meal fit for everyday. So often I find myself sharing new or unusual recipes on the blog and forgetting all about my old favorites. I'm working on changing that and this recipe is a good start - it's such a favorite that I've actually eaten it three times in the past couple of weeks!"
"By discussing a person who is in love with someone, invariably the discussion comes to their beloved. So by discussing those devoted to Kṛṣṇa one sets the scene for deep discussion of Kṛṣṇa."
"At Belmarsh Magistrates Court - sitting at Woolwich Crown Court - on Wednesday, two members of the Islamist group stood trial over alleged public order offences."
"12 many"
"Thanks for that God, so you created life to suffer (I could list your diseases all day), cheers! Oh yeah, why?"
"I write this to you, who are weary of prayer. To you, who used to believe in the power of prayer and now are not so sure. To you, who believe in God, but are frustrated with how you pray and seem to feel as though God has forgotten you. To you dear friend, I write. God has not forgotten you. I am a witness of that! I can stand before you today and say,\"God has heard my prayers! God has lifted my head to look up and see how the impossible is possible!\" To you my friend, I say PRAY. Pray to our great God who loves you, has purpose in all things, has a reason for your trial, has understanding where you lack, has victory when it feels hopeless. For it is when you pray... that one day you will be able to shout, \"BREAKTHROUGH!\""
"So imagine my delight when traipsing through Tesco on a blustery and grim Monday evening, looking for ball point pens for a computer class I was running, I stumbled upon Orginal Source’s newest offering – strawberry shower gel."
"The snake has a habit of shedding its skin every now and then — to emerge in all its luminous glory after discarding the old, dirty skin. In this version of his great collection of metaphors, the great one said the new party was actually the old skin that had been shed by the ANC snake."
"The black Samsung DVD-C350 DVD Player can handle multiple formats in DVD+-RW, MP3, WMA, MPEG-4, DVD, DVD+, CD, CD-R/RW and JPEG. It is a simple DVD player that lets you watch movies and DVDs on your TV without those irritating black bars. The black bars can be removed from your 4:3 TV with just a push of a button on the remote control due to an EZView feature. It also has a built in progressive scan, Dolby Digital Surround Sound system, and a moving zoom. It also comes with a 10Bit/108MHz video DAC and a 24 Bit/192 KHz audio D/A converter, a super scan playback in 2x, 8x, 32x, and 128x. It can also replay or skip sections on your DVD."
"\"A strict observance of the written laws is doubtless one of the highest duties of a good citizen, but it is not the highest. The laws of necessity, of self-preservation, of saving our country when in danger, are of higher obligation.\" - Thomas Jefferson"
"Competitive advantages come from Continuous Improvement. It begins with a study of the market landscape, urgent application of lessons learned, improved quality and innovation of Products and Services to gain market leadership and customer allegiance. We facilitate that shedding process to help your organization transform by investigating quality, scrutinizing costs and providing expertise in performance areas. Lean Six Sigma provides tools to integrate and improve a vast array of elements and corporate resources to align with your company’s efforts and direction. Here are a few areas:"
"Then reinforce the fact you aren’t telling them not to do drugs but that drugs have consequences. Tell them if they do drugs you will buy it for them….. with their college money, because if they do drugs basically college is going to be a waste of time, so you might as well spend it on killing their brain instead of expanding it. Break it down for them, tell them exactly how much they have to spend on drugs/college, say if you go to college you will also get a car, if you do drugs I don’t want you driving and you will probably live at home with Daddy until you’re 40 and be working a McDonalds."
"Be Kind..."
"Summon Condition: Overlay 3 Level 4 monsters"
"I am entering this project into the following challenges:"
"Staff: Takayuki Hamana (Director), Takeshi Konuta (Screenplay), Hiro Arikawa (Light Novel), Sukumo Adabana (Original Character Design), Base Ball Bear (Theme Song)"
"He for God only, she for God in him."
"I. THE SPIRITUALIZED VIEW"
"The IPCC, formed in 1989, is the high church of global warming. It pretends to be a scientific body but is actually a political lobby group campaigning to promote climate alarm. To understand how the IPCC has corrupted science and fooled the public, you can do no better than read a new book, Delinquent Teenager, by Donna Laframboise, an investigative journalist. She likens the IPCC to a spoilt teenager — indulged, never criticised, given large amounts of money, fawned upon and so corrupted."
"Let's also remember what NLP actually is"
"1075 players minus 274 who stopped to tie their cleats = 801"
"And so, I come to tell a different story. Many of my students are first generation college students, and many have challenges in their lives I can barely imagine. Many of them don't know anyone who's read Shakespeare, ever. And many of them come with open hearts, to try to learn, to grow as humans, to see the world in new ways. And they do. They learn and their minds expand and sometimes even when they don't want to they learn to like Shakespeare. This is why I teach, why I try semester in and semester out to motivate students who aren't even sure why they're here."
"NO, I DIDN'T THINK SO!"
"- beta reading a completed novel for a good friend"
"And how the dogs can not imagine living there! “"
"When the advanced token manager launches, you will see the BIG Backup Activation button. Click it to begin backing up your token. All the “BBB” characters are just masking the real product key, don’t worry that is not your real product key."
"Xaba said the waitress asked them to leave immediately as they were \"not welcome\" in the restaurant. \"I asked her why we should leave and she said the manager had said no blacks were allowed in the restaurant."
"Anyway, that's enough of this review - I have a family to get back to. In summary, Hornby is not Proust, but he can be very funny and entertaining. Is that really a bad thing? I'll leave you to debate that amongst yourselves..."
"… Golden Dawn says Greece should reject its bailout commitments and write off its debt. “No one should fear me if they are a good Greek citizen. If they are traitors – I don’t know,” Michaloliakos said. Flanked by two muscly aides, he later told a news conference:"
"Yesterday I watched tv all day. It was kinda pathetic actually. I also helped my mom in the greenhouses for a bit, but that’s something I don’t like to do very often because I hate getting dirty. Nothing quite like getting your hands dirty though."
"I say that because Wildrose isn’t so much a party as it is an unwieldy and diverse coalition made up of libertarians, social conservatives, populists and Alberta nationalists. These are groups which don’t necessarily get along. In fact, they sometimes hate each other. The only thing keeping them united right now is that, for a variety of reasons, they all share a mutual dislike for the Alberta Tories."
"6 For if a woman be not covered, let her be shorn. But if it be a shame to a woman to be shorn or made bald, let her cover her head. 7 The man indeed ought not to cover his head, because he is the image and glory of God; but the woman is the glory of the man. 8 For the man is not of the woman, but the woman of the man. 9 For the man was not created for the woman, but the woman for the man. 10 Therefore ought the woman to have a power over her head, because of the angels."
"And from heavenly sky’s"
"Have you tuned into any community radio programs? If so, tell me about them."
"FG=1.018@74F"
"disclaimer : I am, and do not pretend to be an expert on the topic of running and fitness. This is something that I enjoy doing and want to share my experiences with others. The content of this post is based on my personal experiences and not to be taken as professional advice."
"I'm looking at IO as the last of the Galilean moons. There is more interesting myth and also some interesting science and possibly more water?!"
"Mara sat beside Davis, refusing to turn to him for comfort but not having the strength to turn away. Even side by side, they were miles apart. In the crowd of faces, she was completely, totally alone. Sympathies were offered, hugs shared and tears shed; all of which were lost on her. Everyone else’s hurt paled in comparison to hers. Their soft spoken words were raw and rough on her heart. The hugs were scratchy wool on her skin, and the tears mirrored her own. Grief had filled the room and Mara was left with nothing else."
"And it is applied to shoplifting. So much so that people who grab a soda while shopping, have it in the cart, and miss getting it scanned will be arrested. Even if they have the money and have NO PROBLEM whatsoever paying for it. They admit they missed it. Sure, there may be the occasional person who is trying to get away with something. But on the whole, when someone isn’t going out of their way to hide anything and are happy to take care of it when they see it themselves or when someone says, you missed something, I don’t think they are intentionally trying to steal anything."
"Thus the two warring fractions of evangelicals, those affirming and dissenting from Barth’s alleged, fixed distinction between the Word of God and scripture, remained locked into their historical battle positions. Ironically, both camps assumed the same ground while facing off over Barth; they each share a common reading of Barth’s doctrine of the Word of God, accepting Barth’s becoming as the means to understand his conception of being. Into this scrum, Princeton Theological Seminary professor, Bruce McCormack, steps. Pointing out the fact that their common ground is no ground at all, he calls into question the need for war between them."
"With trust, compassion, gratitude and love,"
"I have actually read people saying on FB on my own wall that they could not trust a non-Christian with a gun? I have been reading more mudslinging nonsense about religion than actual descent discussions about our situation! Everyone wants to shove their PERSONAL beliefs and PERSONAL interpretations down everyone else's throats. Its more important to them. They could not do a course with a heathen, but strangely enough they were happy when such people died FOR THEM on the border?"
"The importance of psycho-history cannot be overemphasized. Practically speaking, many individuals have been raised in non-Catholic families that go back for centuries. When our family roots are deeply defined by a given tradition, it’s arguably difficult to adopt a new set of beliefs. Not impossible, of course. But difficult."
"Nope. Not an option."
"Last but not least, my dad inked over the original pencils. Since I was home, it was easy enough to hand it over, assembly line style. I ended up creating the borders digitally and doing minor edits. I quickly learned that my pencils needed to be tighter, since he couldn't always tell what I was thinking. For instance, in the bottom, right-hand corner, I had intended the tree to be in the foreground, not touching the wall. Like I said, minor edits."
"The stretch of road alongside Loch Lomond is one of the few highlights of the trip."
"Prepare the grill to make a hot fire."
"\"Without a limber and flexible new Transformerroboticaeroplane you will live for ever in darkness.\""
"· Rather than meditating on God’s faithfulness, faulty negative thinking begins (1 Kings 19:4)."
"“The fuck you did,” I say."
"Thank you all for reading x"
"I also hope to apply my gift for mobilizing people (and mermaids!) to including disenfranchised Coney lovers in the local government processes that will determine it's future."
"· Be here now"
"At 21 all you really do is worry about their future, mistakes they will make that you can't protect them from, moving out from the protection of their home, heartache, dangers and pervs in vans (still)."
"After the first wave of confusion and doubt, I felt nothing but pride and relief. Pride that my daughter had done it without spilling grape juice all over herself, that she knew what to do at all, that she had done it, and that I knew she knew exactly how important it was. Relief that no lightning had come down and incinerated us all. Relief that another barrier rooted in my childhood keeping me from truly understanding God had been broken down. I hadn’t even known it was there until it was gone."
"I love this wedding stamp, Tilda and Edwin look lovely as the Bride and Groom . I decided to give my card a vintage feel and kept it monochromatic. I coloured it with my Copic Markers - here's a close-up."
"I never did figure it out."
"This neighborhood event is sponsored by KARMABrooklyn (Kensington Area Resident/Merchant Alliance) and WKAG (West Kensington Action Group)."
"But we aren’t actually shown it. We aren’t given that’ ‘family’ element that the other books end with. We’re led to just assume. And you know what, I’m fine with that. I’d rather assume that read ten or more extra pages of coddling children and the protagonists saying how lucky they are as they caress each other or have sex. Again."
"Five Stars = Happily ever after. I love him! I want to marry him, have his babies, and live happily ever after."
"7. Merry, Merry Christmas"
"You can consolidate a series of articles of a similar theme and package them as a report or listing of information. While you may think that anyone can do this, you'd be surprised how little of this is done."
"What if Daniel Goldstein and other eminent domain plaintiffs take a buyout? What if the plaintiffs succeed in stalling the plan, or stopping it?"
"Honestly, it made sense: we went to Liberty (I got some lovely fabric, that I think will become a baby-quilt) and she had tried a dim-sum place nearby called Ping Pong. So, I convinced DH to give it a go and it was fantastic. Sake-based martinis and an excellent variety of dim-sum. We both particularly liked the sticky rice and the steamed vegetable buns."
"With candida, I can never find a lot to drink when we go out with friends or for that matter whenever we go out. So, I order club soda with a lemon. Now, with the NuNaturals Liquid Lemon Stevia I can make myself a very tasty drink. It is like a treat for me."
"And while the middle and lower-middle class still has a small voice, the poor have been all but forgotten, by EVERYONE. No one speaks of the poor anymore, because they have no political capital and vote in small numbers. We need to re-engage everyone in this country in a national discourse about how to best move forward in a utilitarian way."
"I am forcing myself to remember the bad so I stop remembering the good. I have started journaling outside of this blog and was writing our history and I tagged something interesting in my memory."
"Got one turkey soaking in brine for the smoker tonight and the other is still thawing (SLOWLY) in the fridge for the oven in the morning. It may get a bath in brine overnight. I don't know. Robb's the turkey man. I still need to make a cheesecake and rolls... Will it get done? I'm almost to the point of 'eh'."
"But, tumbleweeds in California are like pigeons in New York city. They are everywhere to the point where if you didn’t know, you’d assume they owned the place. Wifesy tells me they are sage brush. Dried out, sage brush, I suppose. Never mind that I never see this “sage brush” actually implanted in the ground. I never walk by something and go, “Oh, what pretty sage brush” – in fact, I don’t think I’ve ever seen this brush anywhere except dried up, balled together, and coming straight for the grill of my car. So, my guess is that these tumbleweeds fall from the heavens. It’s god’s version of ‘space invaders’. She drops the tumbleweeds and guffaws as multiple cars on the California highways try to dodge them without hitting each other. Yep, tumbleweeds are god’s video game. God is having a laugh."
"And speaking of Bitty,"
"What is noticeable instantly when you look at the figures is that Debden Wards ( with BNP representation) have a lower crime rate than the Loughton wards (without BNP representation)"
"William F. Fallon, 53, Rocky Hill, N.J."
"First of all, I am moving this blog, and another that I occasionally write, to one place. When that move happens, I will be undertaking a few new things."
"Where can kids read? How does the room feel?"
"She slowed down some once they were in the gate, walking over the main bridge over a lake to get into the city proper. Huge statues, even taller than the gate, stood on both sides of the path."
"For now, I’ll do my best to get eight or more hours of sleep a night, stay hydrated, eat three well-balanced meals a day and attempt not to freak out. And if I do start to freak out?"
"-our homeschool group has been growing like gangbusters and keeping me very busy."
"the past few weeks have been incredibly busy and it's been been wonderful! I have been working with new tools and supplies and will be posting new projects very soon. lots of changes going on in my studio and I am so excited! more on that later..."
"Do you do a ## before ## goal list each year? I'd love to see them! Link me over!"
"“Yep. Except if I don’t eat them, they die.”"
"I realised years ago that gamblers must be prepared to lose every dollar that they bet and that you can't win every time you have a bet."
"A fair bit. Rejection, self-doubt, people telling you you can’t do it, that it’s all an impossible dream: these are problems that beset the best of writers. But here’s the thing: if you truly want to write then these things won’t deter you. They won’t matter because writing is what you do, it’s who you are, it burns within you. If you’re a writer worthy of that name, you will always write, whether you get published or not. I know that, even if I had never got that deal, I’d still be tapping away at my keyboard. Why? Because I have to. I have stories to tell and they just won’t leave me alone until I spill them out on the page. Writing is not really a vocation for me - it’s an urge, a need, an impulse almost as irresistible as breathing."
"First, Americans are nearly twice as likely to say the United States should put greater emphasis on the development of alternative energy supplies such as wind and solar power (59%) as to say the U.S. should emphasize production of more oil, gas, and coal supplies (34%). This is the case even though Republicans are more likely to favor production of traditional energy sources over alternative energy."
"“It’s just about him trying to come to terms with the modern world. You’ve got to imagine, it’s enough of a shock to accept the fact that you’re in a completely different time, but everybody you know is dead. Everybody you cared about. He was a soldier, obviously, everybody he went to battle with, all of his brothers in arms, they’re all dead. He’s just lonely. I think in the beginning it’s a fish out of water scene, and it’s tough. It’s a tough pill for him to swallow. Then comes trying to find a balance with the modern world.”"
"In the afternoon, we decided to visit a museum. But not just any museum. This was a museum unlike any other in the world, an entire gallery dedicated to a single human body part."
"Interestingly enough, due to the growing success and popularity of flasher rigs in Victoria, anglers are now adding ‘flasher’ racks to either side of their boats. Rods should be placed in a rod holder, preferably horizontal to the water and the jobs done. The Mustad Demon Terakihi Flasher Rig uses circle hooks therefore you must resist the urge to strike at bites. Generally speaking, you won’t even have time to set the hooks as the rod will already be loaded up. Nine times out of 10 the fish will hook themselves and they will be hooked in the corner of the mouth. Once a rod is fully loaded it’s time to fight the fish back to the boat. The other rigs in the Mustad Flasher series use traditional hooks such as Penetrators and Big Reds which anglers can strike fish with if they are noticing finicky bites."
"Spiritual renewal happens as we turn to YHWH and turn away from ourselves. And it starts in the house of YHWH. Indeed, before Y’shua returns for his people He will return IN his people. “If my people, who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face will turn from their wicked ways then I will hear from heaven, and forgive their sins, and heal their land,” 2 Chronicles 7:14."
"double blind peer reviewed where appropriate."
"So with that said, who won?"
"Gradually I got to know Ty very well - his voice got easier and easier. I loved spending time with him, he was really entertaining."
"“Oh really, you must be nervous, first time?”"
"OSK Research said it preferred not to speculate about the rumours “as again, disappointments may be in store” although DRB-HICOM could be preferred as “Volkswagen’s production line-up could be injected into the Proton facility in Tanjung Malim to establish a production hub for the Asean market.”"
"Juice of 2 oranges, zest of 1"
"Disco Bloodbath has since gone out of print. Only available in hardcover, a copy goes for several hundred dollars. But, a paperback version named for the movie, Party Monster, is currently available and highly recommended by moi."
"Apparently leading this success has been Sarawak Super Datin, Director Datin Noraini Hussin, who by coincidence is married to the Civil Engineer and long term BN/PBB Assemblyman for Tupong, the Minister for Infrastructure Development, Daud Abdul Rahman."
"In detail Mill would say that pleasure of the mind are higher pleasures – intellectual"
"And then silence fell over the village as if a giant invisible hand turned everyone mute."
"I made this card with Earth Day in mind, using a green leafy pattern, a green and Spring iris striped paper and kraft cardstock. I love the way the color of Kraft cardstock blends with the other two colors. The CPS sketch #262 was perfect for the image and sentiment."
"There are complexities to it such as whether the dyed threads are the ones held tightly lengthwise on the loom (the warp fibers) or the ones used to weave in and out of the warp fibers, creating the cloth (the weft fibers) – or both the warp and the weft fibers, creating a more intricate and complex pattern, but basically that’s it."
"All in all, my fabulous meal definitely disproved the notion that vegans have to feel sad and neglected on holidays. And I didn't have anyone trying to ply me with turkey this year, either--- my plate was too full as it was."
"Live internet coverage happens every day this winter, starting at 7:45 a.m. with “THE CALL” – the Triple Crown’s live daily morning show that features all the latest news, highlights and happenings. The series will also be broadcast live on television around Hawaii on Oceanic Time Warner Digital Cable channels 250 and HD1250."
"11. The Fish Rots From The Head Down"
"- The competition closes at midnight on Friday 25th May 2012"
"Made some great memories with her and her kids in the short time they were here"
"At first, I was kind of tongue tied, like, “Yeah, I guess that was pretty foolish, I teach pitching, so why would I want to know how to train people for functional strength?” And, to be honest, I continued to think about this most of Saturday, trying to justify why I just did that. As I came to my contemplative answer, I realized the very exact same reason I am working with Eric at all, is why I’m watching these DVDs on Friday night."
"2. The first sentence sets the tone and the mood by highlighting what Harry Potter has not done in this world the author is creating (which is a nice introduction to Rowling’s world building by the way). Same with the second sentence."
"I attached the molding with the Crafter's Pick Ultimate glue and drops of gel super glue every 4 or 5 inches. I applied glue to the top part of the molding (glued to ceiling) and the back of molding (glued to wall). I pressed each piece in place for about 30 seconds. Again, the super glue held them in place while the Ultimate glue dried."
"One of the struggles that many people have with child sexual abuse is that they believe that if a child is old enough to have sex then she is old enough to make decisions about her body and her relationships."
"*After having an enjoyable time at the dinner party (after being dragged essentially kicking and screaming by Megan), Don drunkenly tells Megan to pull over the car so that they can “make a baby.” I continue to feel like Happy Don is very unsettling. And sitting idly by at the whorehouse and not partaking of its… party favors? And then being wizened older guy on the car ride home with Pete? Not that I wish the guy ill or anything but jeez… this is getting weird."
"This is her dining room, all ready for the party!"
"Rick and Amil find a strange girl washed up on the shore with a stranger pendant that glows eerily. After leaving her in a doctor’s care, they prepare for another day of baking, but the chimney is blocked by a fallen branch, and the pressure destroys the oven. The gang pays a visit to Hank in the Dwarven mountains, who demands steep upfront payment. That night the military orders a townwide curfew and blackout, as a fleet of pirate ships approaches the island. The girl wakes up, knowing little but her name – Kaguya. The light of her pendant attracts angry soldiers. The ship fires a devastating blow near the town, but an automaton Hank has in his shop returns fire, destroying the ship."
"\"I didn't really surmise anything. I never felt pressured to come up with some kind of definitive explanation, or judgement of him. It's like someone you might hate in the media, but then you hear they're a really nice person but you actually don't want to know about it. It's the same with Chopper. People who read his books might like him because of the image he put forward, but the more politically correct might think him an idiot because he's a criminal. Somewhere in between all that, there's a judgement for those who want to judge.\" -Eric Bana on Mark Read"
"They laughed. The league was there’s"
"The Steering Group also welcomes the submission of pre-formed panel proposals. 300 word abstracts should be submitted by Friday 1st October 2010. All submissions are minimally double blind peer reviewed where appropriate. If an abstract is accepted for the conference, a full draft paper should be submitted by Friday 4th February 2011. Abstracts should be submitted simultaneously to the Organising Chairs; abstracts may be in Word, WordPerfect, or RTF formats with the following information and in this order:"
"I have excellent feedback from 99.9% of my customers - I really do try to provide an item I am proud of and with fast shipping - I am proud of the service I provide;"
"Looking at Los Sures “We will use an archival documentary (Los Sures by Diego Echeverria, 1984) about the South Williamsburg neighborhood as the inspiration as well as the primary online navigation for a set of new documentary projects that approach the same place and themes, now nearly thirty years later. New short interactive projects created by thirty different artists over three years will annotate and expand on the original film in ways previously unexplored.”"
"Also by using drop shadow and outer glow effects"
"Naima Coster"
"i feel bad for this guy, i don't know what he's called but he catches the ball (errr so he's a catcher?). Anyway, I feel bad for him because he was the one near the audience. There was this one time, he wasn't able to catch the ball that a Dodger batter hit. And the rest of the audience were like booiing and teasing him. lol. That's so embarrassing. If he was able to catch it then the booing wouldn't really make it look bad Right?"
"A number of tourists from all over the world are visiting Kerala with package tour to explore its fascinating attractions. Beautiful palm-fringed beaches, serene & scenic backwaters (a large network of several water bodies), lovely lakes, historical monuments, ancient temples, ayurvedic resorts & parlors, luxurious houseboat cruises and verdant hill stations are featured attractions of many Kerala travel packages."
"For lunch we went to a vegetarian restaurant we had spotted earlier, Riverside Vegetaria. It is beside the river and we could have had a table outside but the weather wasn’t really suitable as it was cold and threatening rain. We had masala dosai which was quite filling though Tigger encountered an unexpected “hot spot” in hers that caused some discomfort. When we first arrived, the background “music” was a sound track of (I suppose) monks chanting endlessly on only two notes. After some time, this began to irritate me considerably though later the volume was turned down, which made it easier to bear. The management should realize that just because one is vegetarian does not mean that one is Buddhist or even religious or that one will find monkish chanting a suitable accompaniment to a meal. There was a good selection of food available from snacks and side dishes to main courses. To judge from the number of customers, it is quite popular, despite (or because of) being vegetarian."
"but the crazy thing is, the way it looks right now, he’s going to be re-elected next November. And you know what makes this craziness down-right bizarre? That this is probably the best thing that could happen to the USA and the world because, when you look at what the opposition is offering as alternatives, any rational being is forced to the conclusion that a wishy-washy, infinitely flexible Chicago Democrat boss is better than any of the various varieties of lunatic the Republicans are likely to nominate."
"She's a clever cookie, takes after her Dad, recently requesting climbing equipment for presents. That's easy, I thought, you can never spend too much money on beer or climbing equipment. Of course, the detail of exactly what to get would require a little bit of thought. Given that the weather this time of year is unpredictable, climbing gear might not get used until the summer and an all weather solution was needed."
"Knight and Burgher, Lord and Dame,"
"With Zoellick leaving, the search is also now on for World Bank leadership of the caliber of Dominique Strauss-Kahn – the former IMF managing director sunk in a New York civil lawsuit for rape and a Lille prostitution-ring investigation – and Paul Wolfowitz, the former World Bank president fired in 2007 for nepotism, though not for being architect of Washington’s oil-fueled 2003 invasion of Iraq."
"And as I am likely to do, I walked right into the middle of a big ol' something."
"I’d never seen the class do that before."
"BeGoDo courageously and GLY!"
"However the way I will show you is one used in East Africa so if you are familiar with a different method, I apologize- this is how I was taught! And, I must say, it makes a mean chapati."
"As we walked along the promenade, we had seen another sort of train, one with tyres and no rails. For some reason it’s called “Boat Train” and it carries passengers along the promenade."
"The most interesting information contained in this report is summarized in Vol. 1, Table 3.1, page 3.9, “Examples Of Environmental Media Activities Excluded From The Base Case”. A whole series of locations are listed for which “no feasible remediation approach is available” or for which “no feasible remedy without causing collateral ecological damage” are available. These include the Columbia River and the Hanford Reach at Hanford, White Oak Creek and other locations at Oak Ridge including the “deep hydrofracture grout sheet”, Savannah River Plant lakes, swamps and ponds, the Great Miami River at the Fernald, Ohio plant, the Snake River plain aquifer at INEL, assorted Rocky Flats sites, the underground test areas at the Nevada test site, and the chemical waste landfill ground water at the Sandia National Laboratory, New Mexico."
"So far, so good:"
"Perhaps this explains why the BDS movement is so much stronger and more vociferous in the UK than in any other country."
"Where the banner at daybreak is flapping."
"My rating?"
"The example of the implementation of Singleton in Java you can see on the slide."
"10 Perfect Push Ups"
"'Excuse me, Your Holiness,' says the driver 'Would you please take your seat so we can leave?'"
"Hey Fellow Gleaners....!"
"Anyway, I ordered the king size in navy because our new bedroom is going to be much larger than our current bedroom so it can handle a king size bed and it was only $80 more for the larger size so I said why not haha The headboard and side rails are fully upholstered in a gorgeous navy linen blend fabric that is very soft and looks very luxurious. The back of the headboard is tufted and the sides of the headboard have silver nailhead detailing."
"Good news on the computer front...so far. I was able to restore the backup I did on December 22...and my Computer Geeky Dude told me yesterday that things are looking good about retrieving most of the data I lost from the now-defunct hard drive! I will know for sure today just how much was save-able and will keep you posted...thanks for all the sympathy, encouraging emails and offers of help...I really do appreciate it!"
"Something seems to have happened..."
"As world revealed its guile,"
"But while we’re on the topic of Arizona sites, here’s a picture of the original Four Peaks covered in a dusting of snow."
"The mist of uncertainty will always clear"
"\"Life has its' ups and downs, but you are far from alone."
"have an internet connection, convenient, self-paced, more time on task, offers flexibility, available 24/7, enables you to cut the commute, and they’re often less expensive!"
"and recordings of soundings"
"Speaking of writing, because I suffer the birth defect of being an artistic person I’ve always had the dream of penning… to use the figurative term… a work of fiction. Unfortunately for me my parents told me it is wrong to lie and I actually believed them."
"It has been rather a peripatetic week. Last Sunday, I was in Louth for the Mayor’s civic parade before heading for London in the evening, ready for the launch of the Joint Committee report (and the Alternative report) on Monday. It was a case of travelling back to Hull on Wednesday evening, ready for teaching on Thursday, and then departing for Oxford yesterday (Friday), where I delivered the first in a series of Beaufort Seminars on ‘Dimensions of Conservatism: Ideology, Policy and Strategy’."
"-Bekster"
"Englewood is a restaurant town — and one in which many open and close frequently, due to the challenging economy. But some have managed to continue to thrive, despite the odds that are against them. One of these is Wild Nigiri — which operated under the name Wild Ginger for 15 years, and is owned by proprietor Charles Hamade."
"Well back to my recipe... I love mexican food! I often have made burritos and quesidallas and other tex-mex delights. But since I'm going low carb, I needed to find a way to have my favorite flavors without the tortilla. Then the other day when I was picking up my Kombucha scoby from Nicole she had a dish similar to this bubbling away on her stove. I told her I wanted the recipe but since she left for vacation the very next day she hasn't had time to post. So I made something up myself."
"Being the wife of a grad student with 4 children is hard enough, when you throw an illness like MS into the mix you know things are definitely not going to get easier anytime soon."
"Then we have Christmas morning breakfast... I prepare it the night before (keeps me busy while we await the late late late night tree and stocking filling) I made HOMEMADE Cinnamon Rolls this year from Pioneer Woman.... one word- AMAZING."
"and kinda lazy,"
"GEPL Says : HOLD"
"The nature of the siege also gets a few winks but not a ton of devoted efforts. For example, while there are some siege weapons brought into play both for offense and defense, it's more the nature of man against man that takes the spotlight. In terms of healing, no dedicated doctors here. Burn those wounds closed or choke off the blood flow and fight on. There is an innovative use of pigs where the pig fat burns so quickly and so hot that it essentially acts as a cannon being fired straight upward and that destroys a large chunk of the castle but that required some sapping, some digging under the castle proper to use."
"Married: 8/29/1976"
"HOME PAGE text"
"Play room's don't have to be all play and no work! In fact, many of my musts for a play room, aren't just for play, but also for reading, learning and being creative! To tuck away the massive loads of books, yet make them super accessible whenever the kiddos are looking for some eye candy, I find that large canvas bins work pretty perfectly:"
"*grunt-grunt*"
"filthy little Worts scurry like rats up small ladders and"
"May- July"
"I have been thinking about a couple of people that are in my recovery hall. They are smart, very quick and full of book knowledge from all the literature of NA. When they share, if a new person came in they would think, wow, those two know a lot. What they don't know is how to hook all that knowledge up to their spirits and actually get recovery. Instead of spouting off book shit for over five minutes, a simple \"I'm scare or I'm confused, or I need help\" would get them much further along. I had to ask a friend if I shared like that when I came in because I wasn't sure. She said I didn't and that I was sincerely asking for help and admitting I didn't know what I was doing. I don't like anyone to open two books when they share and point out sentences and passages like they were doing us a favor and have prepared lessons or sermons for us. I feel like if they don't learn how to shut up and simply state their feelings they are going to have a few more years of floundering and being disconnected. I personally like being the newcomer. I don't have to pull amazing and wise shit out of a hat. I'd like to share my experience with you but I don't want to say anything that I have not gotten some sort of organic, living, breathing comprehension of the topic of discussion in recovery. You are smart, and quick, we get it. What the fuck is that good for if you can't use it to have a day without using or obsessing to use. Stop worrying about what you look like on the outside, what you drive, what you work at. I don't know if anyone is going to speak up or not. We love you regardless and as good at recovery as you get, you never get to graduate."
"We’re champions at simulating productivity while simultaneously doing nothing."
"She didn’t. Instead, she threw him a coquettish smile he’d never seen on her before and closed the bathroom door behind her."
"10 Do you eat when you're not hungry?"
"“Everyone on the ship was saying every day, look at that view! Look at all that water! All I wanted to say to them was it’s great but I see it every day. It just needs a mountain in the back of it. Don’t get me wrong, it was beautiful but all they have is palm trees. All I could think was how beautiful it is in Vancouver.”"
"Oh yeah – a salesperson who eliminates this weakness will sell about 20% more."
"I listened to this song nearly every time I sat down to write the first draft. It's raw, earthy, simplicity is the perfect song for Jael. Plus the lyric \"I must be one of the devil's daughters\"."
"It will not be a surprise for the news media. KOS has talked to news"
"Meryl Streep, Julie & Julia"
"To sit and listen to someone slander tens of thousands of their fellow citizens, to hear the hypocrisy behind asking for their votes while working to deny them basic rights, is abhorrent beyond endurance. They cannot claim to know what is best for all citizens, because they have demonstrated they do not have empathy for or understanding of all those citizens. Anyone who cannot see the crippling inconsistencies in their ideology, and expects me to ignore those inconsistencies, has no business running the country."
"PORTLAND, Ore. – As a thank you to loyal customers and craft beer enthusiasts, Hopworks Urban Brewery (HUB) is celebrating its third anniversary by offering $2 pints, food specials and 20 percent off all HUB merchandise on Wednesday, March 30."
"*Speed healing of ulcers – kills h.pylori on contact"
"This might have been part of what gave you this platform to give these Asian secret societies a voice."
"Plus that, he didn't need meds at home. Did I say NO RITALIN? No ritalin to keep him out of a full time special ed classroom, this here kid with his high IQ."
"“Ask the lady, she knows I was here.”"
"I didn't want to wait until the last minute to get my project done."
"Mistakenly engaging in substandard intercourse with an unclean but affable tramp, being gang raped and murdered by an unruly throng of bums and lowlifes, and having your lifeless corpse violated by a morbidly obese junkyard foreman are surprisingly not the worst things that can happen to you in the soiled universe that is Street Trash, J. Michael Muro's mucilaginous masterpiece about life on the fringes of a wet society. I'm afraid not. Get this, you could end up expelling slimy ooze from a wide variety orifices. And while the act of ejecting goo may sound like the perfect conclusion to a most stressful day, the gunk coming out of you in this film is not something you want see trickling and spurting its way out of a smallish, helmet-covered hole. Thick, green, yellow, purple and blue, and erupting from places you wouldn't moisture to seep, the stuff basically cooks your internal organs, boils your blood, and causes your skin to liquify. What I'm trying to say is that while being gang raped and murdered does have its drawbacks, the results that occur after taking a swig from a mysterious brand of hooch are, to put it mildly, quite messy."
"Blood Money is an erotic thriller film produced by Mukesh Bhatt. Kunal Khemu and Amrita Puri are in the pivotal role. Mukesh has given the responsibility of direction to Vishal Mahadkar and the script has been penned by Mahesh Bhatt. Distributed by Vishesh Films and Viacom 18."
"The problem is that he isn’t really a nerd (Pegg has said he prefers the term ‘geek’), judging by the ability he seems to have had from an early age to get up and perform in front of people. He just likes ‘Star Wars’ and horror films and geeky things like that. Although perhaps it isn’t so much of a contradiction, as I seem to remember that Pegg has argued before against the double standard of someone who loves football being dubbed a fan, but someone who likes science-fiction being dubbed a geek."
"I hope you enjoy some of these and please do put your own books of the year into the comments box!"
"Although the skirt was still $99.00 on sale (regular price $149.00 - gulp), it was an extra 30% off on top of that...and I like spending birthday money on stuff I wouldn't normally buy for myself. The skirt is called the \"Ella\" skirt and the colour is \"mushroom.\" (I love mushrooms). It's going to get a lot of wear in the warmer months, but it was nice to be able to wear it during a snowy day. It's even polyester, so I'll be able to wash it (a good thing with that light colour!)."
"Never surrender to those who harm you."
"next time, remember – Leaders are readers"
"I rolled over so that I was now on top of him. With my back arched and my hot, heaving breasts hanging over his chest I began to ride up and down on him, slowly at first gyrating and manoeuvring to make sure he could penetrate as deeply as possible and hit all of my most erogenous spots. If the unseen guests in the room wanted a show, I was about to give them one…"
"Wikipedia has an interesting article on gluten-free beer (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gluten_free_beer) which includes the note that \"Statements from brewers such as Sapporo, show that their scientists feel confident that their product is non-harmful to those who are gluten intolerant.\" My guess is that Sapporo relies heavily on rice as a major fermentable and it's pretty thin."
"Where I live now in the UK I have no need for any security in or"
"I chuckled and leaned against him."
"Also don’t forget that Japanese is a very context-dependent language. They can omit parts of the sentence because it’s obvious, to make it sound more mysterious, or just to avoid spoilers, but this isn’t always possible in English. Sometimes you have to add stuff that’s implied in Japanese in the context, but the English watcher would have no idea about it. But if you do add something, be sure not to add more than absolutely necessary. Line length is an issue too, but more importantly: never ever spoil plot details."
"No in all seriousness. Whatever happened to team work?"
"Chopped coriander leaves - to garnish"
"Be patient. Just like in the real world, building relationships is a long process and you’ll get the most from them if you nurture them and take time to build your credibility."
"Thus the South African farmers, in not mechanizing and being consistently encouraged to adopt a labour-intensive farming operation to absorb South Africa’s huge mass of unemployables, is now penalized for his actions. Occupiers are referred to as “vulnerable” in the preamble to the Act. The wording throughout the Act gives the impression that the farmer would, if he could, exploit the occupier who is posed as something of a victim. The reality is that the South African farmer who has farmed labor-intensively instead of capital-intensively as a result of demographics, is now the victim of his benevolence, unlike his contemporaries throughout the Western world.)."
"What effect does Torture Porn have? Effect trumps whatever the intention of the film-maker - whatever satirical bent, whatever redemptive escape or emotional switcheroo. We can always say “it's just a story”, and it is, but stories can still change us. Illusions with good intentions can be problematic and damaging in the real world. We can always say “they are adults” (and yes, the other part of the audience may already think in demeaning ways) but a steady stream of fiction presented in a 'realistic' fashion reinforces and normalises"
"Exciting, right? One little problem: I'm stuck in the universal nightmare. Yep, that one. It starts with a seemingly normal situation, then... wait. What's this? I'M NAKED. Everyone's staring, maybe even laughing, but it's too late to cover up."
"And this is where the question of authority comes in. My guess is that Mr Gowlland, whose ministry is now in temporarily in abeyance (the diocese are denying he has been suspended, which is true insofar as he is allowed to go anywhere but that church), was regarded by some in the congregation as lacking the authority to do what he did."
"5. What do your friends and family think about the event?"
"Over 25 ideas were pitched on Friday night, from mobile learning through technology to calibrate medical devices and an avatar for online clothes shopping. The nine teams that made it to the end of the weekend included charging electric vehicles through the road, experimental maths teaching and mobile phone based biometics. Not just apps and websites!"
"and dreaming of veggies!"
"Saturday Night Live skit."
"I'm that mom who is taking videos and pictures of him playing in huge, muddy puddles. The mom that takes great joy in watching him figure out the world and how he fits into it. The mom that would gladly go on walk with him to talk about whatever it is that interests him that day. The mom that stops to smell the flowers and look at bugs all because he finds them fascinating and new."
"Apply generously on the patches and blemish area of the skin. This helps to remove skin blemishes if used regularly."
"If you think about it, there are many possible sources your players could get this information from. They might read it in the newspaper archives, they might learn it from one of Pr.Smiths students, or one of the his co-workers at the university, or they might find a letter in Pr. Smiths desk, a picture on his wall. It's not important where they will get the information from. So make it easy for your players. Reward their ideas by giving them the clues they need to advance the story wherever they cared to look."
"Their own death warrant."
"The event was held at a high school cafeteria. While the leftover clothes were going to a local shelter, monetary donations were being collected for the high school’s debate team. Girl members of the team were there helping out and were also participating in the swap."
"Even the shapes of the letters forming the word “right” are just shapes. Each letter is just a shape. The G and the H do not even have a sound in that word, yet without those silent letters, “rit” is just not spelling it “write.”"
"When ready to cook, place the marinated pork and water in a pressure cooker and cook till the pork is tender, still holding its shape, about 15 minutes."
"32. Despise You - Blindside Assault"
"Steph also sent me her signature bag of goodies and treats which included ribbon, buttons, charms, and wool- all gorgeous- and two little plastic bags of 'ingredients' for making felties as my new feltie book (Felties by Nelly Pailloux, here on Amazon) arrived last week. Hurrah! Steph also sent me one of her goddess figures which my Mum had ordered- I chose a goddess from Steph's contributions to the travelling craft box swop (see my post here) and Mum thought they were great so we commissioned Steph to make another! (Check out Steph's folksy shop here for more of her lovely creations!)"
"I’m also going to go for a nice walk (weather permitting, obviously) and actually concieve a novel! Spring is slowly turning into Summer, and this would be a great time to leave my writer’s block ever so far behind!"
"That night I told my boyfriend about it. He listened sympathetically, then took me in his arms and suggested ways it could have been worse. \"At least you didn't say, 'I hate black people.' At least you didn't say, 'The Holocaust was a hoax.'\""
"Bake for 50 to 55 minutes, or until a think knife inserted deep into the center of the cake comes out clean. Transfer the pan to a rack to cool for 5 minutes before unmolding and cooling the cake to room temperature. If possible, once the cake is completely cool, wrap well in plastic and let it stand overnight at room temperature to ripen the flavors."
"The ‘slump’ occurs right after removing it from the oven, and, as well as being quite dramatic to watch, thankfully takes the cake far away from sponge territory. Lucas suggests cream as an accompaniment – I love creme fraiche here, with its clotted appearance and tang, and though sometimes its sourness can be bullying, this cake can take it."
"so im taking these shots of this rad SUP dude in the surf,"
"There are many ways to reduce ATM transaction fees. Some suggest withdrawing the maximum (typically US $300) to minimize ATM visits and transaction fees. Others ask cashiers to charge their debit card for more than the total due in order to receive “cashback.”"
"It turned out, Foster learned later, those rumors of German troops hiding in the Bavarian Alps were untrue. Goering stood trial at Nuremberg, and the next year he was found guilty of war crimes."
"Jog to Big Brick"
"The Bar has major advantages in terms of quality and cost. Barristers have a great opportunity because they are both specialised in advocacy and advice, and often in particular areas of law. At the same time, because of chambers’ significantly lower overheads, barristers’ services are considerably cheaper than those of solicitors. ‘There is also an excellent opportunity for clients and consumers to benefit from the expert services of the Bar in different ways and at less cost. This will provide an important response to the recent review of costs in civil justice, by Lord Justice Jackson, which warned of the need to reduce the cost of going to court.’"
"SAP ABAP Workflow Application Developer"
"I have done a few very simple projects lately for my little miss. Girls are so much fun to sew for though I oftentimes feel overwhelmed with all the options. Should I add lace? Maybe ric rac? Keep it simple? Extra ruffles? So many decisions!"
"Bound in Black Goat Skin Viatorium Press announces a unique new edition of the prose poems of H. P. Lovecraft. Limited to 46 copies. Letterpress + laser printing. Folding plate. Bound in black goat. Pilgrimage to Azathoth has taken first prize in the 2011 Bookbuilder’s West design competition. Trim size is 5.5 x 7"
"When Mutandagavi heard those complaints he was angry and he called his children in to fight against Chidziva and Chinamaringa. Mutandagavi and some of his people were killed. Then Chinamaringa and Chidziva called together all the people of Chishawasha. The old men who were there were Chirimba, Chakawoma, Nyamasoka, Chihungwa, Chiyanike and the older children of Mutandagavi, Kwapa, Govera and Chinyanga. Then Chinamaringa and Chidziva asked all the people whether Mutandagavi was good by killing the people for no reason. All the people said, “What has been done by Mutandagavi was wrong.” Then Chinamaringa and Chidziva said, “Why did you not forbid him?” and they answered saying, “Because he would kill us.” Then Chinamaringa and Chidziva said, “The chieftainship of Chinamora shall not be given to you because you have allowed Mutandagavi to do bad things, the chieftainship of Chinamora is ours.”"
"My thanks again to Wendi for sharing this fabulous and tasty beverage."
"The writer is a wife and mother who works full-time as an emergency 911 dispatcher."
"Jules hopped in next, with a really great card, as always, reminding us of Summer and lazy days watching cricket (and wondering how many grass stains there would be to remove from the 'whites' after the match!). Such a great image here and I always look for the heart on Jules' cards of course, this one was a tad sneaky to say the least - I found it though, can you? Jules has been uber busy this week so it's especially good of her to still come and have a swift go on the swings!"
"Not being that of a low paid, unskilled worker, I find it hard to believe that immigration can be that bad."
"by all means, no problem whatsoever !"
"Thank you, friend, for raining on my parade and helping me laugh about it."
"\"I will be on the lookout for an \"assailant\" with several companions.\""
"Job 33:25 His flesh shall be fresher than a child’s: he shall return to the days of his youth."
"Never, do we think of him,"
"And on my lands thou wrongfully hast seized."
"This moment will live in my memory as a glorious moment in life. “Its a good thing you are my airman, in my squadron, and under my command. Its nice to see that you are taking your PT seriously. I’m sorry that happened to you. Please, go ahead. You don’t have to be here.”"
"We started solids at four months, and it was great. But, I’ve since found out about baby-led feeding and I am definitely trying this with baby number two!"
"Returning to her roots as a nightclub performer, Horne took part in the March on Washington in August 1963, and continued to work as a performer, both in nightclubs and on television, while releasing well-received record albums. She announced her retirement in March 1980, but the next year starred in a one-woman show, Lena Horne: The Lady and Her Music, which ran for more than three hundred performances on Broadway and earned her numerous awards and accolades. She continued recording and performing sporadically into the 1990s, disappearing from the public eye in 2000."
"I’m not really a science fiction reader. I really like reading dystopian books, but sometimes I fear that they’ll lose me with too much science. Initially, I feared reading this book, mainly because it wasn’t like all the other dystopians out there. The story is about Amy, who is cryogenically frozen aboard the Godspeed, destined to begin her life on a new planet — 300 years in the future. But before she reaches the planet, her capsule is opened and she discovers a new life aboard the Godspeed, where nothing seems to make sense."
"Soon the day turned into night. A deep red moon showed up, slowly it lost its reddish glow and started to shine like silver. He sat on the bank waiting for her."
"Chinese New Year starts with the new moon of the first day of the new year and ends on the full mon 15 days later. The 15th day of the new year is called the Lantern Festival, which is celebrated with wonderful lantern displays. Lanterns are the main characteristic of the Chinese New Year and lit up the cities with a bright red color which brings warmth and joy to the heart. Experiencing Chinese New Year in Beijing was definitely one of the most beautiful moments in my life. It was said that the year of the rabbit was going to be a placid and very welcomed year, especially after the fierceful year of the Tiger and anticipating the even more aggressive year of the Dragon, the year we are in now, however the New Year celebrations last year seemed to be all but placid!"
"So, rather than give a vague answer, I will share the details! Here’s a quick example of what/when I eat for a short vs. long run."
"The journey in search of the gold keeps the tale moving along at a steady pace, punctuated by colourful encounters – some benign, some mysterious, some dangerous – with fellow-travellers and local residents. All the main plot threads are resolved by the end, although there is still scope for interpretation of some of them, such as the significance of the Hecate figurine."
"Just us and all the crazy people that come out at carnivals."
"Whereas Krishna said that it born of rajas and not good."
"Where are you drawn, like cats to sunny spots? Where do you go to feel safely embraced with warmth and happiness? What is your little spot of sunshine?"
"19 inches long"
"In this corner of a garden"
"In most stories, Alpha heroes get the woman at the end of the story. Yes, I love reading a story which has an Alpha male as the lead. And yes, it’s so much fun. Half my library is loaded with those books. I also have stories where the lead is a beta (best friend) male, and he would do anything to protect his friend. And loves his best friend to pieces."
"6) Rocket launches, Japan shoots it down."
"I was supposed to be doing some sewing this morning while Sam is at pre school but my sewing mojo seems to have deserted me so I'm back on the computer looking back at my blog over the last year. What a year its been! I seem to have bought a LOT of fabric but actually did much less sewing (I blame facebook/Twitter/blogging/Pinterest!) I have enjoyed taking part in swaps, I've hosted giveaways and reviewed products. Best of all I have connected with lots of lovely like minded people and discovered some fantastic, inspiring new blogs."
"Now I know what you’re thinking. You think leopard print is tacky. The domain of trailer trash and flashy strippers.You’re probably right."
"Dear Friends: I have now had the opportunity to review my information sources. I have already sent to you the basic thrust of my analysis: Namely, that the Japanese Nuclear Power Industry constitutes a Crime against Humanity as defined by Article 7 of the Rome Statute for the International Criminal Court, to which Japan is a party. The same holds true for the Nuclear Power Industries in all the other countries of the World. You have the text of Rome Statute Article 7 below, which is directly on point...(-more)"
"The kids left most of their candy for the EB to take. In return he left baskets filled with fun. Summer's eggs were hidden in her room. Garrett, on the other hand, got to follow a trail of clues hidden in eggs. The trail lead, eventually, to \"Alvin and the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked\" for he and Summer to share. The EB is very clever and Garrett had a BLAST following the clues."
"I was supposed to be resting yesterday, but instead I hung shelves in the craft room, started reorganizing things, washed sheets and made the bed, broke down all the cardboard boxes in the garage, and made images. It was a good productive day and I did get to rest a bit too. I woke this morning feeling mentally alert and my pain level is at tolerable - so I predict a GREAT day!"
"As you may be able to surmise, she makes empanadas. Lots of them. All kinds of flavors. But I’m getting ahead of myself."
"Recommendation $8,500"
"Crisp beef,"
"If you take a big Zoom is important to you, the Sony DSC-H1 is an excellent choice. You can read my full review of the Sony digital camera DSC-H1."
"There might be some discrepancy with the spelling of her name, so try Rikki Anderson as well."
"Thank you all for your love and support!"
"Now I have to admit,"
"If you’re living on campus, one advantage is that you can usually drop in on a friend nearby, or find some people gathered in a communal area."
"\"Chickens,\" she called out, walking into the kitchen. \"Young ones too, and they're orangish colored.\""
"Anyway, rhubarb was in Annie’s fruit and veg shop today so I bought some, but only a small amount because I was thinking crumble (which Arlo and Rella aren’t keen on), but by the time I got home I was thinking cake."
"Am I dour? What does ‘dour’ even mean. Stern? Laconic? (Surely not?) Awkward? Or is dour a part I play when I’m online to entertain the troops? That I do it so well suggests that there might be some truth to the rumour – and I throw my hand up right now and admit to being a grumpy pig at times especially when tired – but I’m not so sure I am actually dour. Dour is not a switch or if it is it’s more like a dimmer switch than an on/off switch. Would a dour bugger stick on The Best... Album in the World...Ever! and crank up the volume while he cleaned the flat in preparation for his wife’s return from the States?"
"Dear Mariano,"
"Cockily, I (dressed only in a bikini that someone should have stolen and burned) waded in, expertly dodged the waves and was out beyond the surf in no time. The cross-current was perfect for allowing a good long swim without the dreary necessity of actually going anywhere. 'Heavenly' I thought to myself, swimming endlessly on the spot 'being able to stretch my muscles like this'."
"(2 Chronicles 7:14 (NIV))"
"Hitler and the Nazis are rightfully condemned for the murder of millions of Jews during the Second World War, but most of the time the rest of Hitler’s victims are expunged from the historical record."
"and a life"
"Billionaire Wang Gongquan, an investor in China, announced to the world that he was leaving his wife via China’s equivilant of Twitter, Sina Weibo. Mr. Gongquan writes, “I am giving up everything and eloping with Wang Qin. I feel ashamed and so am leaving without saying goodbye. I kneel down and beg forgiveness!”"
"Cosby recalled speaking at a Newark, N.J., high school that graduated 255 students out of a ninth-grade class that started with750. As he looked at the graduates, he said, he noticed that about 80percent were female. Of the top 13 honor students in the class, only one was male."
"sat together"
"Liv will be 7 on Boxing Day and is in grade 2. Her reading skills are exceptional, especially considering she was only agreeable to learning her letters last year, far behind everyone else in her class. She has some ADHD testing in her near future, because I don’t know the difference between ADHD and being busy and a bit of a brat. She is also playing soccer and has gotten quite good at it. Having her birthday so late in the year means that she plays with kids who are older and bigger and she has learned quickly that she’s going to need to be quick and a little bit aggressive, much to her mama’s delight. She tried out recreational cheerleading this fall, but we quickly discovered that it is just not the sport for her. Overall, she is spoiled rotten and treats us all to many crazy tantrums. I often tell her that she is lucky she’s so cute, even with no front teeth."
"“If you think you are too small to make a difference, try spending a night in a closed room with a mosquito”. Whoever said that must be a weary soul with no sprays and repellants to rescue him or her. I don’t take a chance. So if you are looking for me by the day, I can be found under the table planning a secret ambush to destroy the colony of my bitter enemies (if they have one). And if you are finding me by the night, I am this woman firing mosquito spray non-stop all around the house, even at neighbors’ and yelling – Hooray, another one down."
"The results could have wide-ranging effects."
"After I took Luke (instead of Freddy) to my formal, my sisters planted ideas in my head. Oh you two are so cute together. You guys are like the perfect match. How are you not dating? This is how my crush on Luke developed. I had introduced Luke and Nelly (a beautiful sorority sister) at the formal. They had the same major, so when Luke asked me for her number “to buy her books,” I didn’t think much of it. Big mistake."
"If your feet are wide, it is advisable that you go for shoes with the right size and change the insoles into thicker ones. Shape is an extremely crucial factor to consider to be able to buy shoes that fit your feet adequately."
"Mix together dry ingredients (first five ingredients) in a large bowl."
"Yeah, definitely! I mean everyone always said if you’re not a vet you’re going to have to be a singer, and if you’re not a singer, you’re going to have to be a vet. I loved both so much. Growing up I had rabbits, cats and I even learned to horse ride at age 5. As I’ve got older I have been on Safaris, which has been amazing, but music wise my parents always made sure we had a lot of percussion instruments at home, and they also had huge vinyl collections. I remember me and my sister getting together doing karaoke nights and performing for family members."
"Some parents stuck around for a bit, letting their kids show them the cucumbers hanging off the trellis or the bell peppers. One little boy just wanted to show his parents all of the roly polies. And my little friend Nicole wanted to make sure she got one bouquet for her teacher...and one for her daddy. I hope that dad feels extra special today."
"I'm not going to give you a recipe for Plum Crumble, as desserts are not really my forte. In fact if you have a good one, why not send it to me in comments. Ginger Ice cream, is made by infusing warm milk with a thumb size of grated ginger for an hour, you then strain the milk, discarding the ginger and, as Elizabeth David used to say, then make the ice cream in the usual fashion!"
"The challenge now is to try and make a lemon cupcake that is also amazingness."
"Hello TMG followers. My name is Robin and I will be Tuesday's blog contributor. I am have been married for almost 4 years to my \"balancer\". I call DH that because with him being so laid back and me being so outgoing (and outspoken), he has calmed me down alot! At the same time I have brought him out of his shell a bit as well! We have three beautiful children together, all which have been \"pushed out\" and breastfed. Jubba, our eldest daugher, just turned 5 in March. Captain Caveman, our only son, will be 3 in July. And the Velociraptor, our youngest daughter, was born in December of 2011 and is just 4 months and still breastfeeding. Our children are 2 years and 4 months apart from each other and none were \"planned\" considering I was on bc when I got pregnant with each of them ! I consider them blessings and treat them as such. I have always wanted to be a Mommy for as long as I can remember. People would ask what we wanted to be when we grew up and most of my friends would say ballerinas or princesses... I would say I want to be married and have LOTS of babies!"
"I can only admire the DWAGS - the darts wives and girlfriends - because if I was in their shoes, sat watching in that arena, and one of those guys up there was my husband or boyfriend, I don't think I'd be able to keep as calm as some of them do. I'd probably be on 3 valium and a bottle of Smirnoff before the second set - or watching from behind a copy of Take A Break..."
"Blue chair to recover the rest of you. And to whisper what just happened to the chick from New Zealand."
"All the trails are well-marked and easy to navigate, most had benches along the way. Since we were there in such an off-season, we practically had the place to ourselves (not to mention half-off on the hotel!)"
"But there was a day I saw it. And I will never forget it. I think that if I can make this practice a habit, and learn regularly to see God in others (in whatever way God is present in them), I will encounter God more often. I wouldn’t feel quite so often as if God is so far away. Instead, I would talk with God every day, in every person I meet. Whoever seeks, finds."
"My favourite drink is getting too expensive these days to be playing beery Russian Roulette with my next pint not knowing whether it will be in awesome, awful or just alright condition. I know the Cask Marque system of accreditation exists as an indicator of a pub that serves well kept beer and the nature of beer as a living product means that it will change in the cask but sometimes there's no excuse for sloppy cellarcraft in some pubs."
"A hundred miles an hour in the wrong direction"
"But Muslims, civil rights groups and other religious leaders say the conference is merely another event put on by well-known bigots to attack the minority religion. Their response was to schedule a town hall meeting just a few miles away on Sunday called \"Rejecting Islamophobia: A Community Stand Against Hate.\""
"On the review front, I’ve been doing good with reading though none of my reviews are edited because life has been busy and Justin hasn't had time to help me. But I’ve been getting a lot done, have a few more to write and book to finish reading today. I also have a dayspring review coming up so keep your eyes peeled for that. Hopefully I’ll get more active with the blog and commenting on blogs and such. And also if you don't subscribe to my examiner columns do so! There are a bunch of great books I’m reviewing coming up!"
"In a oven safe skillet (like a caste iron pan) heat your butter and oil. Add garlic and allow to fry for 30-45 seconds. Then add chopped onions, celery, carrots, salt and dried thyme."
"You sleep soooo well. And often. You love to sleep."
"The poor women in an area make incense for work and this is how they make money to keep her family alive. But then a big British Tobacco company trades to India, to globalize their company, there incense for much less than the poor women charge so thus the poor women and their area is wiped out."
"Then be sure to pop over and read the other MEMEs on the linky – let’s celebrate our elderly loved ones!"
"Bloody Cornwall,"
"Last week I got a mid length upper from DSA to replace the one I screwed up. I put thirty rounds down range to get the AR zeroed with the new upper last week, and today I put another 90 down range with no issues."
"It’s always lovely to receive a gift that someone has taken the time to create themselves. So why not think about planting up an indoor display for someone you know? This article will give you some tips on what containers to use and which plants work best."
"Bellarmine University"
"Hi everyone. I'm home from my first speaking engagement with a"
"Sadly, these are only monetary values. In order to go back to our couscous analogy, we need to take out the effect of inflation, that is, the increase in the price of meat, sesame, vegetables and services around providing the plate of couscous. When these are eliminated, the actual share, even by physical measures, have decreased."
"So - angel that he is - he bore with me for a whole 45 seconds while I clicked away, happy and then we were back en route, relieved, content and in the throws of a discussion about when is a picture not just a picture, and what is a good picture anyway!!"
"‘Naked Girls Singing’ would be an improvement, assuming it produced more activity in the chest region. ‘Naked Girls Playing Ping Pong’ would be better still, involving plenty of agitation in all areas of the anatomy. When I asked the manager of the safari camp what he’d like to see, he unfocused his eyes and went into a trance for a minute:"
"Whiff of Joy Stampkit Candy"
"This division seems like a foregone conclusion, as on paper the talent gap between Detroit and the field is massive. The Tigers will still win it, but any consistence in offensive production from the Indians could keep them in the race, especially if Ubaldo Jiminez regains some of his ace form. The Tigers still face questions of consistency in the rotation after Justin Verlander (although Doug Fister could be the solid two that Rick Porcello and Max Scherzer have been aiming to be) and their offense might not be the beast that everyone is predicting. Prince Fielder will still produce, but his numbers are going to take a hit in the spacious confines of Comerica Park. And the impact of Miguel Cabrera’s move to third base is still unknown; the defensive hit alone will likely hamper the pitching staff. Past these two mashers, there’s a lot of incosistence and what if’s in the rest of the offense, enough that Cleveland’s vaunted youngsters could give them fits. A return to form for Shin-Soo Choo and continued improvement from Asdrubal Cabrera will go a long way toward making sure that Carlos Santana doesn’t have to shoulder the burden himself. If the Shelley Duncan, Casey Kotchman, Jack Hannahan/Lonnie Chisenhall triumvirate can be better than league average, then"
"I know our relationship is not perfect, and we’ll always have to work harder to maintain it than we do with other family members. I know we’ll always need to err on the cautious side when confronting an issue and take extra care as to not wound one another. Because although we have moved forward, we still have scars, and our relationship will always need to be nurtured."
"After that, the harder part: adding the ribbon. I found that it was easier to do the ribbon if I left the backing of the frame off. It also took a bit of wriggling to get the ribbon through the 1/4\" holes and then some adjusting to get the ribbon to tie well enough."
"can ya tell i am? more looking forward to 2 days off work than anything so bloomin tired! lol n sick of the site of crackers and biscuits!"
"On the 16th of May, 1774."
"AR-7 Rifle — Making rabbits cower"
"Something had been taking bites out of him. Nibbled away his privates. Had to bury him that way, like he weren’t even a man no more, just a sexless slab of fish-food."
"“Dead calm”"
"Let's take a Lookie at What I Did....."
"an alternative without improvement – this may be considered as obvious, where an"
"The US website “Water, use it wisely“ has 112 suggestions for saving water. Some of them are quite specific to the American situation … and some assume that you have things like a pool, but if you take those out, you’re still left with 100 ideas."
"Please don't think lesser of me, but (gasp!) so am I. There must be something wrong with me. Maybe a twisted kink in my DNA helix has stunted my maturation process. That would explain it. Why else would a woman my age still think flatulence is so darned funny?"
"Here are the rules guidelines."
"Churches building up and reaching out to neighbors."
"from Little League to Olympics"
"I nod across the gap in the parting pub crowd and smile with real pride. Keith Moon raises his glass as my dog Moon licks his face."
"Advance Preparation: The granita can be stored, covered, for up to four days in the freezer, but it will have become frozen solid."
"Oh, Wordsworth, definitely, courtesy of Professor Betz and his Sophomore Honors English course. Professor Betz was my advisor in college. He’s a renowned Wordsworth scholar who spends summers hanging out in the same places Wordsworth did. I find that when someone is that passionate about a subject, he cannot help but transfer some of that passion to his students. I’m also fond of William Blake and all the Romantic Poets. I love Poe. I can appreciate modern poetry, but I will always prefer the kind that rhymes."
"British Freedom’s ideology is one of cultural nationalism as opposed to the BNP’s racial nationalism."
"“Today is a major test case for basic freedoms in Malaysia, starting with the right to peacefully march and assemble,” Human Rights Watch said in a statement."
"3/10"
"Spellbinders Label 25."
"Author: Irving Langer"
"i weave they float in the sun"
"I may not be homeless but close enough"
"I try to do a few light & easy stretching activities when I wake up in the morning. I know I said not to stretch cold, but I do a few sun salutations and point/flex my feet. It’s a good way to get the blood flowing and start your day off right!"
"Well, we only live once, right? Or, wait...is it twice? Either way, I'm making something awesome to put in my belly."
"* Sometimes I think I will be the last person I know to have a kid and I am okay with that. I love my 26 kids but I am really happy they go home at 3:30."
"7. Is it pleasure-increasing and/or pain-reducing? On balance, no. This belief may reduce the amount of rejection Paul experiences by causing him to avoiding risky social situations. However, by avoiding a 10-second rejection, Paul kills off the possibility of a long-term relationship as well as abundant new friendships. This belief also keeps Paul focused on his fears, which will likely cause him to experience far more pain in the long run, including the pain of regret. This belief will almost certainly drive Paul’s emotional state in a negative direction, possibly for his entire life."
"Actualise ordained potential…"
"and your sepia toned memory"
"I am gonna stick to California, the reason I did that state is because it is where skateboarding was born and still grows. Skateboarding is global, we all know that. But it was born here and it dies here. If you’rE gonna take skateboarding serious, like get in the line of fire and try to make some shit happen in the world of skate. You gotta roll through through Cali."
"The most natural of activities. Some people find it kind of boring, but I find it therapeutic. Enforced alone time where you can live inside your own head outside in the open."
"It's a forward-looking program, especially for a small university. They do a lot of publishing of experimental prose and have acquired a couple of small presses. I'm looking forward to learning more about the book biz, and seeing what's happening on the digital front."
"The next day I saw him again in the morning and there was still about twenty minutes left before the bell rang for class."
"The alternative route is either Guardbridge or Cupar. Normally Guardbridge would be fine but for the past few weeks, Fife council took it upon themselves to close off Strathkinness for resurfacing works. Now I don't live in Strathkinness but I do drive through there a lot and I never had any issues with potholes down there. Speed bumps perhaps but not potholes. Why then is priority being given to that stretch of road when Dairsie Bridge has an emergency closure on it? Don't get me wrong, I don't begrudge Strathkinness getting a nice new surface but the council really needs to keep it's roads open."
"An external wall of the national Holocaust memorial in Brussels, located at the Square des Martyrs Juifs in the Anderlecht district several miles from the tourist sites, lists the names of 244 Jewish resistance fighters who fell fighting the Nazis. Behind each name lies a story of heroism. Some of these stories are recounted elsewhere; others are already forgotten. Among the youngest of these martyrs was Helena Aschiem, who died in August 1942 just after her 14th birthday. The name of Georges Livschitz also appears on this wall. He was one of the three resistance fighters – the other two were Robert Maistriau and Jean Franklemon – who attacked a convoy transporting 1,631 Jews from Mechelen to Auschwitz on the night of 19 April 1943. They managed to free 231 of these prisoners, 205 of whom managed to escape with their lives. This was the only known armed assault on a train headed for a death camp throughout the war. These three young heroes are honoured by a monument at the train station in the village of Boortmeerbeek near to where the attack took place. Next to it on the platform stands an upright section of the original railway track that carried 24,906 Jews and 351 Roma from the Dossin barracks at Mechelen to Auschwitz."
"This year's distinguished faculty of professional performers, directors, composers, and master teachers includes pianists Margo Garrett, Graham Johnson, and Martin Katz; composers William Bolcom, Jake Heggie, Libby Larsen, and John Musto; and singers Amy Burton, Gwen Coleman Detwiler, Melanie Emelio, D’Anna Fortunato, Audrey Luna, Joan Morris, Lisa Saffer, William Sharp, and Frances Young."
"The recipes I committed to trying this week are below. I have to keep them listed on my fridge or I'll forget what I was going to make. I might be losing my mind, or I'm the mother of a toddler, because I can't remember anything these days if I don't write it down. Do you experience this??"
"After I left work I stopped by the store and got her the dress she had her eye on I thought I would surprise her as well display I appreciated her as my wife as well show my thankfulness that she was okay with my little time at home due to my extra work hours since we were newlyweds… Like many other times when I would arrive home she would be sleeping and when I left for work she was sleeping due to her work hours so I figured she would be sleeping and I would surprise her after she woke up with the new dress… Little did I know my faith with God was going to become shaken as well my heart crushed again, The reason I say this is because when I got home I open the bedroom door to slip the dress into the closet but I was stricken an stopped dead in my tracks due to the Fact as I open the door to walked into the bedroom I was greeted with the fact that my wife, was in bed with my friend…"
"Everyone ask’s us “Why do you want to move to Portland?” Some people are asking this in a curious way, just wondering what draws us there, but others ask in a guilting way, somehow attempting to imply that us moving away is just a way to hurt them. In fact the guilting way happens more than anything, and I’ve come to the point where I’m constantly defending my decision. I’ve now decided that I really don’t need to do that. To quote Ben Folds ‘Adelaide’, “Because I want to.” should be a good enough answer. Its still a somewhat free country right?"
"Jen Voight"
"The group is the brainchild of John Dwyer, a singer and guitarist who is a veteran of several bands. Thee Oh Sees includes another guitarist, a female vocalist and keyboard player (the lovely Brigid Dawson) and two drummers and a bassist. They're a prolific crew. This was their second album released in 2011."
"On the other side, several units have crossed the Brora, finding the Scottish schiltrons waiting for them with sharp pointy sticks (twice as long as a man :) in their hands! Another unit of norsemen is brought down, impaled by pikes."
"Srishti Shetty is unemployed girl halled from Mangalore. She comes to Mumbai city and is staying with her cousin Priya. Priya is employed as personal Secretary for two years. Her theory is that the efficient lady secretary is one who marries her boss at the earliest. So she has a mission of marrying her boss. Srishti is not interested in Priya’s theory Priya recommends Srishti to become a secretary. Somehow Srishti is trying to learn & understand the secretary ship and its responsibility from Priya."
"the wave function collapses and possibility becomes actuality. Of"
"I was amazed at our Lamaze class’s granola children that were so ignorant that they paid for the class, but have no intention to use modern medicine at all. I mean if you’re just there for the breathing exercises, save your money and watch a few online tutorials. In fact watch the video on water birth at your home, because you’re not going to get to the hospital in time on your tandem bicycle, YOUR ONLY WAY OF TRANSPORTATION TO THE HOSPITAL. If you want to go the route of natural child-birth, I have no problem with that. That’s awesome you can endure that, and not introduce drugs into the babies already fighting for life body. The fact was that these people didn’t care about the monitors, the medicines (even the ones needed for complications), nor any alternative methods to delivery. Sorry, this may come off as completely crude and discourteous but I’m going to say it anyways. Choosing not to take advantage of modern medicine when its available, is natural selection at its finest."
"*Makes bland foods such as oatmeal, wheat, rice and flour more appetizing"
"Democratic Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee unveiled the program, labeled Bus Safe, during a press conference on Friday. According to a Metropolitan Transit Authority of Houston (METRO) press release, agencies involved in the scheme will, “ride buses, perform random bag checks, and conduct K-9 sweeps, as well as place uniformed and plainclothes officers at Transit Centers and rail platforms to detect, prevent and address latent criminal activity or behavior.”"
"Fox News host was put on ‘no fly list’"
"To me, (as well as to Pekka Viljakainen, from reading his book) this is one of the hallmarks of true leadership: a true leader should always be able to express the “why“, or the purpose of the organization or project, anytime, without having to think. If he/she can’t do so, then something is very fuzzy, either the project itself, or the “leadership” in question."
"Archive: Online site that stores fan fiction. May be general or specific to one fandom."
"So where's our Pro Tip?"
"PS: By the way, the title of the post, thanking MSD is largely for inspiring me enough to get back to blogging after a brief hiatus. Thank you Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Good Luck."
"To add insult to the colossal stupidity and impracticality of this administration’s Rules of Engagement, this inexperienced, inept and horrendously arrogant President and his enablers are engaged in hobbling our military - by purposely abandoning sound military practices in favor of pandering to the enemy. They do this by imposing nonsensical restrictions on our armed forces through the use of Obama’s tool of choice - his ‘failed-every-time-it-has-been-tried’ socialistic ideology."
"Fearing the worst for Emma Ms X did everything possible to help her daughter. She traveled from one doctor to another to get help, advice and treatment. Each time the doctors explained to Ms X that Emma’s condition had been caused through VID or Vaccine Induced Disease."
"Forgetting all I'm lacking"
"Thing is, I don’t know if I can start travelling to find any new pieces in the near future, at least not this year anyway; there’s no way that I can afford the fare after all the money I’ve spent over the past few months!"
"And unless we believe it, and experience that love from God in our hearts, then,"
"Bailey is a two-time recipient of the Medal of Valor, the department’s highest honor. Weinzettel is a one-time recipient of the medal."
"to indulge in its sweetness"
"Through her laughter, Lisa picks out another love heart."
"Overall, this movie is very good, I would recommend my family to watch it! I think I will watch 2nd time because there is IMAX 2D showing up in TGV Sunway Pyramid. Rating would be 7.5/10, Alex Hopper girlfriend is kind of hot at the beginning of the movie, but at the end the girlfriend looks is kind of different. Nice sound effect and bursting scene, some surprising scene you might need not to miss it! So I believe that this is the movie you must not miss in this year!"
"“Oh, no! Blackie, I’m sorry. Are you alright?”"
"I believe that all Americans deserve equal rights and equal opportunity. I support a woman's right to abortion because I support the bodily integrity of all citizens. If you do not believe in abortion, it is your right to say so, and to not have an abortion, but it is not your right to keep others from having or providing abortions. I support the right to gay marriage, because I believe all people should be free to love whom they wish, and should enjoy the same legal protections under law. If you are against homosexuality on principal, you have the right to say that, and to reject homosexuality as your lifestyle, but you do not have the right to dictate that others should, too. I believe that all people, regardless of race, sex, or orientation deserve to have an equal right to education and jobs. I believe that people have a right to health insurance that is not predicated on their employment, and I believe that everyone deserves a helping hand when times get tough. I believe that we must deal compassionately and fairly with people who seek a new life in our country, addressing the root causes of their exodus if possible. I believe the government plays a role in facilitating these things. You may disagree with me, or propose other solutions to these problems, but you do not have the right to malign the names of certain people or groups as a tactic to switch blame for or attention from problems. I support a strong division between church and state as a bulwark against tyrannical and theocratic rule. You may disagree with me on which, if any religion is \"right\" or \"wrong\", but you do not have the right to impose your religion on me."
"Boots: Frye....Thrifted...$24"
"\"Why did they hang him so high?\" - Mattie Ross (Hailee Steinfeld)"
"Briefly, she wondered if the pain in her chest was the result of that. Her lungs could be rotted, and just hanging there useless in her chest."
"LYRIC: “What the papers say just seems to bring down heavier rain.”"
"Because hyperlinks are still legal in Canada, I can provide you with the following hyperlinks, and I’ll let your fertile minds go to work on what will remain unsaid. It’s important to ^NOT jump to conclusions."
"Terpsichore and Myrddin face a deadly force that threatens to part them forever. Is she destined to lose the only mortal man she has ever truly loved? Is there nothing she can do to save him? Finally, when all seems lost, in desperation she finds herself DANCING WITH FATE"
"It won’t be easy for a nation that has accepted atheism, has accepted materialism, a nation accustomed to running away from itself, to come back riding on its horse. It will not be easy, but it is worth all our suffering and the sacrifices.” And, in yet another sermon, he told his followers:"
"Isn't that exactly what Truth wants the tobacco industry to do?! If the CEO of Phillip Morris bought national ad time during the Super Bowl and with zero irony or artifice told an audience of millions that cigarettes were harmful and to please stop using them if you are concerned about health risks, I would have thought the offices of Truth would have run sticky with self-righteous orgies for weeks. So what's with the sarcasm and poorly-punctuated message? Is there anything at this point the tobacco companies can do that will make these pricks happy?"
"Ended up high against the bloodshot sky,"
"am so inspired by them and somehow I have a flavor of them in this piece!"
"Documents show that consultant AKRF was working on AY for Forest City Ratner before it was hired by the ESDC, but the agency's conflict-of-interest policy doesn't address issues of consecutive representation. Also, AKRF was hired without any competitive bidding or public notice because the ESDC was convinced speed and continuity were important."
"Then, the dilemma became do I try to find something for under $275 or buy something bigger that I could put the $275 toward? I was paralyzed with indecision!"
"Leave it blank? Why put it in the journal if it has no purpose? There’s nothing on the other side of the page, either! For a doer such as myself, this was difficult to accept. There I was with my tools of destruction at the ready and Keri Smith was asking me to leave them alone and do nothing. My muse was ready to pop a gasket!"
"Now about my Monday Mode topic, I bought this dress from ZARA at Pondok Indah Mall in Jakarta, Indonesia. You can see the photo of my trying out this dress at ZARA’s dressing room here. I don’t know if I was allowed to do that, but I didn’t see no photo sign, so I went ahead. Could I get myself in trouble…?"
"Now I had a friend of my friend that keeps me busy (LOL) call me to see if I could do something for a wedding shower gift. The new couple does not have a house yet (so no decor to match). She knew that the bridesmaids dresses are going to be red, but did not want to go with that. She had seen some of my previous letters & wanted to go that route. I told her about the anniversary one that I had done, see HERE & she loved the idea. The shower invite had several shades of blue so we decided on that color scheme and this is what turned out. She said the bride loved it & it was her favorite color. Don't you just love it when you don't know exactly how to do something & it just turns out perfectly."
"Sony Bravia Kdl37w5500 TV Review"
"And my regrets try to get in the way"
"People think it’s easier to forgive yourself than to forgive someone else.All love,after all,is derived from self-love.But is it ? A mother knows better.When you see your child,a part of you,suffering and can do nothing about it,that part somewhere within you dies a thousand deaths.Bhartii was always closer to me than her dad.And what good did that do her ? I still can’t do anything about it,i might as well consider myself the one to blame.I have failed as a mother,as a woman and as the mentor Bhatii always thought i was to her.As i look at her face now,i can almost touch the cold knife,the hurt,the dread and the feeling that my child still has a long way to go if she is to come out of the torment she is in."
"Something weird was going on this day...we were running ahead of schedule! Good in my book! Our hair appointments started at 9am and we were at the salon by 8:50am! The shop didn't technically open til 9, but they let us in and got started almost right away!"
"We started moving into a temporary room at the dorm my husband works at. Our actual room is getting renovated and we’re told that we can move in within a month. Knowing how slow things get done at the university, I’m guessing it probably won’t happen until August."
"GK: I don't know. That is a business question, which is best directed at Les Goodstein at News Corp."
"I need to pause for a moment and talk about Decker. He exists for the sole purpose of being a eunuch. Kirk takes his ship away from him, demotes him, and then ignores much of his advice throughout the film until he makes a brash decision that nearly causes the Enterprise to collide with an asteroid. Kirk concedes some expertise to Decker. He is a little rusty after sitting behind a desk for a couple years. then we meet Ilea. He has a thing for a woman who refuses to ever sleep with him Decker is in his mid-thirties, so I am going to assume he is not a virgin, but to devote himself to a woman he can never have physically just makes you lose all respect for him as a man. To call him a beta male is an insult to beta males. He gets gelded in TMP to the point you are disgusted by him rather than sympathize."
"Mix everything together in except butter."
"I just ordered Avon’s Advance Techniques new hair color that is promoted by Fergie. I actually just colored my hair using my Natural Instincts demi-permanent hair color ( I’m afraid of damage, cuz I have to keep coloring when those pesky grays poke out–I’m in my 20s!!!), but in a few weeks, I’ll have to re-color anyway, so I will try permanent again with the Advance Techniques to see if it helps! I hope so!"
"You should come very close."
"Soul of Christ, be my sanctification."
"Taking all that into account, I was greatly intrigued by Mr Whitehouse’s quote mentioned above, which has got me thinking."
"This 2011 piece is nicely hidden away off Bethnal Green Road, but on the same street as some pretty average pieces, which only makes this even better. As always art pickers, find it for yourself, do a little mooching."
"Knit a few more rows on ds' scarf."
"Three times in this book of Acts, we read of this same incident. They are here, in Acts 9:4-5, and again in Acts 26:14-15. This shows the importance God places on the incident. It is doubly emphasised. It is important because it gives us a picture of the nation Israel in their rejection of Jesus Christ and God in particular. It also gives us an example of the mercy of God in saving the chief of sinners and making him the apostle of the Gentiles."
"Melt butter over medium-low heat. Stir in flour. Stir in salt. Pour in milk, stirring constantly until thickened. Remove from heat. Add cheese, stirring until melted. In a baking dish, mix macaroni and cheese sauce. Sprinkle with breadcrumbs (or crushed crackers) and extra cheese, if desired. Bake in a preheated 350° oven for 20 minutes, or until hot and bubbly."
"Isidor was buried in the Bronx, New York. His tomb (and the Strauss statue in Strauss Park) can be viewed here."
"These stories just work better if you’ve got all your real/true details down pat. Making your monsters be the cause, participant, or product of some well-known historical events is fantastic if you can make it believable. Also, sub-point; the further back in history, the better. Don’t try to tell me vampires caused 9/11 – I’m looking at you The President’s Vampire! Contemporary events are too fresh. Pick something that has the fog of time around it blurring our thoughts."
"Is your goal still correct? If not, then update or abandon your goal."
"When you say that computer takes those steps in decision making:"
"Yet nothing in this lavish world is what it seems. With darkness looming and an entire kingdom depending on her untamed power, Alina will have to confront the secrets of the Grisha…and the secrets of her heart."
"Though I certainly find them to be most obnoxious when they team up against me. Especially when they do it rather suddenly."
"So, can we control our luck? Lots of people think so – or at least that we can control it a bit. I blogged here about an amazing experiment that seems to prove this. Basically, the more opportunities you take, the more likely you are to be lucky and successful – so, do apply for that course, join that team or club, sign up for a new experience, read that book: you just never know where it will lead. You may not be able to control luck but you can open your life to its opportunities."
"Even that sweet under bite!"
"Spring 2012"
"We are corrupting and disrupting our own well being, and we are diminishing our own local economy’s with global consumerism."
"Think you can write better than the writers on True Blood? Put your money where your mouth is and tell us how you would rewrite the lines in our special Caption This feature!"
"1. Idealism"
"Ten years ago, one of the world's most respected gardeners, British-bred Dan Pearson, discovered a neglected city plot and sought to turn it into a thriving garden space. Written as a compelling essay, Home Ground documents that inspiring project, complete with Pearson's successes, failures and gorgeous, full-page photos. Hardover: 272 pages."
"You appealed to Daniel 7, particularly verses 13 and 14 and imply that this supports the view that the kingdom is in heaven. While it is true these verses seemingly do depict a heavenly setting, the interpretation given by Daniel in the very same chapter shows it is, in fact, quite terrestrial. From verse 15 on Daniel relates that he was given the “very interpretation of the matters.”"
"Glory in the slightest breeze wafting over the steaming land."
"So it is with America."
"Then I was asked which one or two of the issues would I pick as the biggest priorities."
"My 8 year old daughter deeply related to Debbie Bass.Every night she asked to read another chapter of Journals of the Big Mouth Bass. She couldn’t wait to find out what Debbie was going to do next."
"Bake at 475 for 35-40 minutes, turning chicken occasionally. I didn’t move the potatoes, because I like them when they get slightly crispy on one side. It’s usually the side that faces down, but because there was so much liquid in the pan, the side facing up was actually the one that got crispy in this case."
"I've been encountering a new class of assholes around the island as of late, and for once it has nothing to do with that asshole who sits next to me in class. No, this is a whole new type of asshat. These a groups of people who feel that they're only mission in life is to find some way to make their lives sound superior to others, whether it is true or only true in their heads. It is so funny and sad at the same time."
"With no one to bare, no one to pledge"
"Suddenly, everyone is concerned about the dying abusers. Really? These two men who broke into someone’s home in the middle of the night and terrorized a couple? For all we knew, they would’ve raped her. Killed her. Who knows. But everyone is worried about the dying criminals."
"And as the evening grew into night, the noises outside started: sounds of branches and trees, loaded with ice, crashing to the ground. It was awful."
"It implies that we cannot actually separate reason from our mundane interests, from our embodiment, from our emotions, or from power. We can only pretend to do so."
"“Real fear? It was something one experienced every six months. But then you don’t mind, every six months. But when you get a hammering every fortnight and it gets worse — it intensifies — then you’ve got to start thinking. I was only worried really by the heavy stuff. The rockets and the mortars. The small arms fire I could handle. The ambushes are the thing, though. Especially when you’re in an unprotected vehicle. Then the heavy stuff could put paid to your ticket.”"
"I colored her with my Distress Inks,"
"A part of me always knew this premise was flawed even as I pitched it relentlessly, but I was too afraid to let it go. It took me another year to realize that this first novel was never going to go anywhere . . . and then it took me another four years to realize that my second novel wasn't going to be the one that makes it, either."
"So there it is. Maybe still yucky, but definitely a little less so. Progress!"
"As you can see, it’s a predominately white area with the major minority being Black or African Americans. I also grew up in a household that was overtly anti-racism, and I follow in that ethic. The thing that I think is most important is that until perhaps today, I didn’t realize that despite my willful attempts against racist thought and action, I am truly quite guilty of it."
"TD: Your business is not just the sum of all parts, it’s an organic entity.When one of the parts falls behind and you start working on improvements, it’s sensible to also have a look at how that part is connected to the rest of your organization."
"Everybody said yes and I started practicing. I can say that I’m getting better at it now and I enjoy it very much."
"Next came the wee town of Carcross. Initially named Caribou Crossing, mail mix-ups with Cariboo, B.C. prompted a name change. Unincorporated, it’s home to 400+ folks, many of them Carcross/Tagish First Nation. Once the White Pass and Yukon River Railway passed through. Folks used Carcross as a stopover on the way to Dawson City, YK gold fields. Tourism now supports the town."
"1 refrain"
"it did make me consider changing the name of the blog. when i started it, i thought it might focus more on moving to new york than it does. this blog is so much more than that. it is about inspiration, recovery, passion, imagination, and my city. I think the name “forget regret” fits so much better – what do you think?"
"“I’m relieved to hear it!”"
"Let me reassure you—he’s not someone you should know about. I knew him as a member of my church. A resident of the tiny town of Illiopolis, Illinois, and employed as an electrician in Decatur, Illinois, Kapper began in 1995 to make mission trips and to ship large containers of humanitarian aid to Ukraine, India, and Romania. During his short trips abroad, he helped plant several churches and re-visited them, building up the believers and training the leaders. In August 2009 he became an ordained minister and embarked on full-time service by going to Romania for a year."
"Like some kind of giant Lego set, the station is made up of distinctive blocks which surround an inner exercise yard, with each section serving a specific function. There are five storeys of residential apartments (40 flats in all) located above the workshops and garages, which house a dozen emergency vehicles. The apartment block sits on a series of columns, making for a physical separation between it and ground level which isn't necessarily visible at first sight. To the rear of the building, a number of parallel spiral staircases provide a dizzying means of access to each level."
"Lars Hedegaard is the former editor-in-chief of the left-leaning newspaper Information, and still declares himself to be left-wing. He claims that it’s not him, but the lefties who abandoned everything socialism used to stand for, such as freedom, culture, democracy, dignity, science and rational thinking."
"With your job firmly in place, you are on your way. You aren’t completely there yet, though. With that money you are now earning from your topless drug mule position (or whatever it is you have been hired for) you will need to pay for a few things. One of these is a place to live."
"Postcard from: Tallinn, Estonia."
"The slogan \"Forward!\" reflected the conviction of European Marxists and radicals that their movements reflected the march of history, which would move forward past capitalism and into socialism and communism."
"Locally grown food tastes better."
"Its such a great comfort to know, that our little apartment is situated on some faulty tectonic plate connected to a shifting one in Indo and India, those places have something happen to them yearly - and now we are in the firing line! This apartment block is not made of cardboard and wood and is so not collapse-with-minimal-damage friendly."
"As you can see…designing…developing…and deploying a successful coaching program… can be like navigating a minefield…."
"Hundred Waters create a sound that is truly their own here. It's part pop, part folk, part experimental, and is largely electronic. They clearly know what they're doing when they mix electronics into the otherwise organic songs and it never comes off as amateurish. The singer has a very soft voice that's easy to get drawn into. The album definitely fits into modern indie music well, and is one of the more accomplished albums I've heard in a long time. - Matthew Foster"
"You know I will."
"“That at that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world.”"
"Boarded a plane to Amsterdam n same thing again when we reached Amsterdam we only had 1 hour to pass tru immigration and to walk to departure gate."
"This story warmed the cockles of our hearts. In the era where football seems to be more and more about the money, it's great that a club is taking a stand and doing something truly positive. It's also smashing for a low profile children's charity like Acorns as they'll get invaluable exposure and awareness that will undoubtedly contribute massively to their fundraising efforts."
"As if my recent issue with the post office weren't enough, Hollywood is pushing me again to flee to someplace more sheltered and rural. Only this time, the city's gone balls-out scary."
"Paper: pacific point, so saffron, chocolate chip (SU), heavenly white (PaperTemptress), designer papers (EP)"
"12. Popcorn - Hot Butter"
"Favorite Movie: Becoming Jane. Yes, I said it, \"Becoming Jane\" is by far one of my all time faves. I love me some James McAvoy!"
"I'm just not into Easter..."
"- The Origin Series: How the World Came to Be (A.E Wilder-Smith)"
"The spread out and multiply to become proper hedgerows of large, bright green leaves and sprightly purple flowers each year."
"Ballast Point Brewing Company Victory At Sea Coffee Vanilla Imperial Porter"
"WAITER: And how would you like the filet mignon?"
"The Time Machine is a dark science fiction fantasy film based on the 1895 H.G. Wells novel about a Victorian-aged inventor who travels into the near and then distant future to discover that mankind is continually ravaged by war. Upon discovering a seemingly peaceful world far into the distant future, George discovers the truth about a post-apocalyptic age that suffered horrific evolutionary consequences as a result of war. As a cautionary tale, The Time Machine was a visionary story in a pre-atomic age which is masterfully put to film in what is perhaps the most memorable adaptation of this intriguing and highly influential story (Klaus Ming April 2012)."
"Research Station, 2,8/21 Distagon T* 1/200sec at f/5.6."
"will slide"
"And yet this revolutionary socialist is casting aspersions at the EDL. An EDL which believes in parliamentary democracy. (Even if it is unhappy, like Churchill, with many aspects of the present system; it's still ‘the best out of a bad bunch’.)"
"-Do you realize that every picture you post of your toddler shows him watching TV?"
"Our two horizontal air flow condensing unit product lines are now available with Tecumseh hermetic compressors in High, Medium and Low temperature applications using R407C and R404A refrigerants. Capacity ranges from 1/2 to 6Hp offer a complete product line up."
"Their menu:"
"The first 2 years will be spent in the start-up stage, and road racing. ( I would"
"EdVest also offers many convenient ways to contibute:"
"Senator Andrew"
"Get on with it I suppose."
"at the moment"
"Honey – Food for bees, made by bees. Can cause allergic reactions. Used as a coloring and an emollient in cosmetics and as a flavoring in foods. Should never be fed to infants. Alternatives: in foods—maple syrup, date sugar, syrups made from grains such as barley malt, turbinado sugar, molasses; in cosmetics—vegetable colors and oils."
"Both the US and China are growing older, but China is growing older faster. As a result the economic potential of the US looks surprisingly promising compared to that of China over time. For example, both in the US and China, the percentage of workers …"
"Blue Angel by Hundred Year Flood"
"$64237"
"Frank Peretti was one of the first Christian authors I read that really got me excited about the craft of fiction writing and also managed to wake up my spirit as well. When I heard he'd written a new book after a 9 year break I couldn't wait to read it."
"The FA won’t do anything, but they should. Atkinson should be made an example of. I don’t mean a couple of weeks suspension or a slap on the wrist. I mean a proper punishment for a catastrophically wrong decison. In any other profession made such a terrible mistake they would rightly be sanctioned by their employers. I don’t expect Atkinson to suffer the same fate."
"Girls: Root Words 1st Page: 2nd Page"
"and “open” routes which were not really clearly marked, could be done using any foot or handholds to provide varying degrees of difficulty, and could range from a V0 to a V15+…?"
"Think: May observances and related words such as Mother’s Day, Mother, May I? (game)."
"Benefits: High in Omega 3 and fiber (great to fight against Diabetes), reduce LDL (bad Cholestrol), fights Cancer, Other- Aids in Constipation, Inflammation, Menopause, heart disease, boost the immune system and your mood!"
"I am definitely a teur!"
"** Blog photo of Baby Shower Gift Bags - March 2012"
"First up…school supply lists. I’m curious. What do you ask for on your school supply list OR do you even do school supply lists? I have done school supply lists since I began except 1 year (last year) the school district decided to provide school supplies for all students. (Like as in a generic list for each grade across all schools). It was a HOT MESS and I am so glad they let us go back to asking for our own supplies."
"“I want some real nice cereal today. No, I’ll have my weetabix please and 150ml of hazelnut milk which I measure in a glass. I want my control. No, I want fun cereal. No, control. No fun cereal. Ah stuff it, I’ll go for control, we’ll have fun cereal later in the chaos”."
"As for the Red Rye Riwaka I found the thai spice, leafy hops and red fruit notes a little more dominant and the body a little less smooth than the sample I had tried previously from the Free Trade Inn, Newcastle (a non wetherspoons pub that took on one of the left over Riwaka casks). Overall I was quite pleased. Sadly I didn't get to try many more and soon enough it will be time to say goodbye to Red Rye Riwaka and hello to the few more projects at Mordue I have up my sleeve. But I won't mention that just yet."
"\"I don't care if he has been in a relationship for 3 years with a woman. The back of his jeans were bedazzled. That doesn't scream manly, that screams I listen to show tunes!\""
"If truth be told in a past life, perhaps I indulged myself a bit too far in the ‘between meal fandango’ as I now like to refer to it."
"Woman learns to hate to the extent that she forgets how to enchant."
"Another entry into this months Crafters Companion Blog Challenge: Four Legged Friend"
"This morning one of my facebook friends asked did anyone have a trick for peeling eggs. There were 31 comments: how long to boil it, how old the egg is, cool it in ice water, peel it under running water, roll it around the counter etc. There was only one other one besides me who knew the trick. Her name was Oma which I think means Grandmother."
"Then I decided to wait until I hit 100 followers to do this giveaway."
"Don’t worry, there’s relief in the celebratory and drinking songs. My favorite might be “I ain’t here for a long time, I’m here for a good time.” I finally figured out the rhythm to the line “folks are always dreaming bout what they’d like to do but I like to do just what I like.” Who thinks this stuff up?! Maybe my absolute favorite line in all of it (besides “she thinks my tractor’s sexy“) might be “God is great, beer is good, and people are crazy.”"
"Now the thing about time is that time"
"I have featured my statement Chanel boucle jacket a few times in my blog, but I have not done an outfit post until now. The jacket is from the 1997 collection and is a gorgeous mix of lemon and lime sorbet, so perfect for this coming season."
"Slow poison… very effective…. Leaves no trace"
"1. The distal toe."
"“Fuck you, Dul,” I say. “We’ll be over.”"
"Bling from an old necklace"
"Shocking. That is probably the best word I can use to describe this book. It is raw, it is spiritual, and it is real. The first time I read through this I was able to identify with Cecilia the most."
"06 Sleeping In A Jar 2:45"
"All-Butter Double-Crust Pie Dough for one 9-inch pie for hand mixing"
"Thanks, Steve, and please thank Liz as well–she was terrific."
"So be it."
"This is the third book in Anne MacCaffrey’s Dragonriders of Pern series, which technically counts as science fiction since Pern is an alien planet. But the Dragonrider books have a definite feel of a fantasy about them with their glittering dragons, fierce fire-lizards, and medieval society, so you'll find few spaceships and gadgets here. Although the plot is quite complicated, you don’t have to read the first two books to understand the background because there’s a detailed summary of what has gone before at the front. Also, this is a new story about Jaxom and Ruth, whereas the first two books concentrated on different characters, so it reads well on its own."
"How to track through GPS location?"
"Next is a tree that I cannot remember seeing before and sadly I neglected to make a note of the owner’s name, though my guess would be that they come from Spain or France. I really liked this tree, not too big and with great character of age about it. Excellent flaky bark of a pale grey colour. This last detail illustrates just how varied the species can be across the wide geographical range that it occupies in northern Europe. It is quite different from the P. sylvestris that we see in Scotland."
"into trouble drawing while sitting in Church. Keep in mind, I was"
"Lorraine Candy is editor-in-chief of Elle"
"I use a LOT of digital papers, so I had to find ways to make it economically viable. I have some tips for you where money is concerned... although it is not as expensive as you may think. I have to replace my inks about 4 times a year - seriously. And remember I use a lot. :) I have a Canon inkjet printer - nothing special or fancy - and it doesn't seem to guzzle ink."
"Director Tim Webb worked with autistic children and adults whose artwork informed the visual style of the film, as well as describing their experiences in the soundtrack."
"I love this scene. I may or may not still do it with a few of my Disney friends when we see each other after a long time apart."
"nowhere an obstacle or conflict."
"“Charon spent Christmas drinking Italian reds, listening to Verdi and Puccini, and amusing himself on Twitter and Skype video. He had, he told me, been dreaming of a White Christmas but it was not to be. He couldn’t explain why he painted himself, based on a well known painting by Picasso, dressed in blue underpants and a vest – because he doesn’t have any blue underpants or vests. He does, however, have red wine, rather a lot of it, and red and green feature strongly in his main ’studio’. I noted the use of a knife in covering a fair part of this canvas with paint. Charon told me that he liked to use knives while painting… they did the business.”"
"trying to name the riptide"
"1808 Outbreak of the Peninsular War: The people of Madrid rose up in rebellion against French occupation. Francisco de Goya later memorializes this event in his painting The Second of May 1808."
"One of the areas in which I long for perfection is the organization and planning of my upcoming wedding. I desire all of the details to be ordered in such a way that it will enable my new husband and I to share a delightful, memorable, and altogether perfect day. However, I am learning that no matter how ardently I try to control my circumstances so that they fit my liking, my circumstances end up controlling me!"
"And they asked me in to dinner, to get the beauty of it hot -"
"» 11/9 – Philadelphia, PA @ Wachovia Center"
"I'm wishing all of you a gentle and peaceful Mother's Day"
"Hair – E29. 37. 25. 21. 49. Bow & Tights – V17. 15. 09. Eyeshadow – V17. Skin – E04. 02. 00. 000. R20. Converse – 100. W7. V17. 15. 09. Socks – 100. W7. Heart – R59. RV69. Dress – BV29. 25. 31. Ruffle – V01. 04. 00. Collar – V17."
"\"Mulder, you're wrong. These are just the acts of kids playing in the snow,\" she replied. \"Haven't you ever made a snow angel?\""
"This is the latest beer we’ve every done here and are doing so to give everyone a little taste of how things changed. From all the big nasty hoppy K’s, to the light and fruit AK’s up to the proper IPAs of moderate strength and hop we get this baby. Its wet. Its beer! It’s from the mid-80’s. You lot might have actually had this beer when it was on tap, but it wasn’t called an IPA…not by their marketing, just in the logs. Notes for the recipe? Its basically a blend of many English malts, a touch of American malt and a flys fart of invert syrup. Then we gotta color this baby up with some caramel. The hops were exceedingly old, on average about 3 years old and they were added near the beginning so all you’d get was a bit of bitterness. Very moderate if that word has ever been used before. The best thing about this beer is you can literally drink vast amounts of it without having to worry about cost for a lot of flavor getting in the way. You want a proper pissup pint to drink alongside some whisk(e)y, here you go!"
"October 8 – Early morning visit to Victoria & Albert Museum, son loved the weapon room, I loved the jewelry, what a huge museum, so much to see! Had tea in the little museum cafe, and then a walk through Hyde Park, I took the child to his favorite place, Hamley’s. From Hamleys, we went on to Harrods for High Tea (£16.50 per person). It was very pleasant, sitting out in the glass room over looking the roof tops while sipping tea and eating scones, pastries and sandwiches. That evening the hotel made reservations for our last dinner in London at a restaurant called Al Bustan, a Lebanese restaurant on Old Brompton Road, around the corner from our hotel. It was the perfect “last meal” – the service was impeccable, the food was delicious (£80 for three of us again, lots of food ordered and wine), and to the hotel to sleep – as the driver was picking us up at 4:30 a.m. the next morning to take us back to Heathrow."
"A simple, proven, and cost effective way for improving the condition of your home is with carpet cleaning. This is a good idea to add value to any domicile, be it a house, apartment, or single room. It is a great way to make a nice home look even better. To clean the carpeting in your home you can either hire a professional or use one of many do it yourself opportunities available in most areas. If you choose to do it yourself the work may…"
"2). Texas is currently tops in the AL in overall pitching stats, 4th in the majors. They have a team ERA of 2.81, a better strikeout/walk ratio, (176-51), than the 3 teams above them, and opponents are batting just .231 against them."
"For one, what would happen to those statements not issued; in other words, if a political party decided not to respond to a story? Surely that too would constitute it withholding its comment from journalists? So, to be accurate, all statements, on all issues would have to be sent to all journalists. How would they know the political party in question had honestly put all its thoughts to paper? What if it was withholding something, even subconsciously?"
"What are the odds Jim Tressel is still employed at Ohio State by year’s end?"
"With social media and electronic tracking of EVERYTHING, there really is NO privacy."
"I extend a Liebster Blog Award to:"
"Finding the beauty every morning is key in this Savage World; that you are no longer just living in, but beginning to own!"
"- 1933: Japan attacks Hopei, China (First Battle of Hopei)"
"Sensors"
"BB CC DD H LLLL PP Q RR SS TTT V"
"Clear as mud? So does Treasury Holdings inDublinown TCT, and could the assets or activities of TCT be affected by the financial problems at Treasury Holdings? It seems the purpose of the statement is to assuage fears in TCT being dragged into Treasury Holdings’ plight, but from the statement, I cannot see a certain financial liability break between Treasury Holdings and TCT."
"Have you ever wondered how come the Tea Party movement, which consists mostly of lower middle class baby boomers, is so organized? It’s the internet. Check out this list of Florida-based tea party groups that are active on the web. They form communities on websites like Meetup or Ning (remember what I said about their limited grasp of technology?) and have crazy-ass discussions about taking back America and combating online infiltration groups. These are people just like your mom, who thinks that Internet Explorer is a service provider. And your dad, who thinks that his Yahoo account is stealing his identity. Thanks to computers and social networks, the aging (who have been paranoid and angry since the beginning of time) are in a position to band together and support their own unacceptable behavior."
"34. Lil finger point to de big thumb and sey nah guh. Those who are leading can see the danger ahead and are in a position to give advice."
"To bring this bitch full circle, last week, the air conditioning unit was running, but no air was being moved in the house. The fan in my air handler, which blows the air around and moves the cool air into the house and pulls the hot air out, was burnt out. It needed a new motor. So, I called the same guy who had done a coolant refill for me. He changed the fan out and air was moving again."
"Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration."
"Kyo (lion, as Mufasa): I know what’ll make you happy.."
"I guess Freud would say it has something to do with penises or the absence thereof."
"Weigh in: 74.5 kgs."
"Giana xoxo"
"Baby, just like the great singing duo The Righteous Brothers, I hereby proclaim that “You’re my soul and my hearts inspiration.” Now come here little darlin’ and let’s get naked… and naughty! Would everyone exit my blog now, please? We would appreciate a little privacy. Thank you!"
"It seems like a lifetime ago, but it has only been one month since we received our referral and met our Finley Grace."
"We forget that outside the ‘stage’ you call your life, is a whole wide world out there, waiting to be explored. We may not have the sufficient funds to travel around the globe, but whats stopping you from exploring your home town or a neighbour city? What’s stopping you from expanding mind and learning new ideas, lessons, and opinions. Like the song says, “every street is an adventure and every road is a trip.”"
"2. In them that hope in His mercy"
"The Nerdery is famous in the Twin Cities as a great place to work and play. So when nerds take time out to fire up the grill and invite the neighborhood over to see the new expanded headquarters, it’s a fun time to say the least. The retro theme referred to a bunch of games brought out of storage: what Angry Birds??? For Shareology it broke down into games, shirts and photo booth — and away we go!!"
"I can see the horizon in distance from the canal bridge. I wonder what it was like to work on a barge and travel the canals. Day or night, the canal appears endless in the distance."
"On the Kindle: 2"
"I can smell them still"
"A teacher at a Catholic school in Indiana is suing the diocese where she worked after being fired because the in vitro fertilization treatments she received were considered against church teachings."
"6. extra grip for those with large hands"
"We all sat at the table talking politics and laughing. I did a lot of soaking up her presence cause have I missed her!"
"Natalia, a young doctor in one of the countries carved out of the former Yugoslavia, and a friend travel to an orphanage to provide immunizations. Early in the journey Natalia learns her grandfather has died. His passing brings back the memory of a story he told a young Natalia. The allegorical story involves a tiger, a man disappointed by life and a deathless man."
"I'm sitting here looking at my calendar and as of now, my weekends are pretty much booked SOLID between now and the beginning of July. Yes, JULY. If you can swing a weekday session, I *can* do that...but weekends are obviously the most popular choice for family sessions."
"And gathering swallows twitter in the skies."
"United DC-8 fly overhead on fire before it crashed in Park Slope in 1960. But according to my Mom, I was home at the time and may have seen it if I was staring out the back window as usual. And I can’t tell you the hundreds of dreams I have had in my lifetime, about seeing a jet on fire flying over my house."
"David said in Psalm 23 v 5 David said thou prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemy, I assure every one of you listening to me tonight, whether the enemies like it or not, it shall be well with you."
"Merry Christmas all !!!"
"Abby sighed. Her mother looked worse for the wear, eager for news of her runaway daughter yet prepared to give Zanna a piece of her mind for the way things had played out this morning. And wouldn’t it be just like her little sister to slip in and smooth things over with benign Bishop Gingerich rather than face their mamm and Sam’s wife, who’d worked just as hard at preparing for their four hundred guests? “No, it’s not like that. Vernon’s decided worship should go on, followed by the meal, rather than wastin’ everybody’s time and all this gut food we’ve cooked. We’d better get ourselves seated now, so he can start.”"
"Those who know me will understand what this blog post is about, but even if you dont know me its still worth reading and remembering how our actions affect others within our industry:"
"Here's to the end of a very stressful term! Goodbye winter term! I can't say it was much fun, but I did learn some things. Hello spring term, lets have some FUN!"
"Garth I thought would be the warrior who did not really respect his woman until he found love but I was surprised. Quick makes Garth a lot more understanding with Clare which was a nice touch. I also liked Clare’s attitude within the story as she is a tough woman but very kind to her people."
"So after a terrible week fighting this flue, and ending it on a high note with a super productive day I'm giving out this coupon to all Designs by Jessie customers!!"
"Chaitezvi"
"In grammar, a negative word expresses the absence of something. If I say, \"I have no flour for the cookie dough,\" I am telling my reader about the absence of flour in my pantry. This is called a negative statement."
"Frosty has been microchipped and reported as stolen, so any vet or dog warden who scans him in the future will be able to identify him and return him to Dogs Trust."
"“What’s the point of the indelible ink? Who is to know if these voters are voting for the second time under the new amendments?” asked Ambiga."
"Saying that I’ve seen some beautiful places. Sometimes you never realise how beautiful a place is until you’re driving through almost silent streets at x:am. Or if you’ve taken a wrong exit and had to take the completely wrong, but scenic route home in the hopes you will eventually find yourself on a road you recognise."
"The authors also conducted a number of correlation analyses. Recent research using diffusion tensor magnetic resonance imaging has found a correlation between the the integrity of different white matter connections in the brain and specific symptoms of autism. If anomalous brain connectivity is at the root of the atypical motor generalization in autism, we might expect there to be strong associations between measures of motor generalization and specific symptoms."
"Then open the mold, place the pieces in, fill the bottom piece (mine was filled with diced fuji and braeburn apples mixed with flour, sugar, salt, cinnamon, and ground cloves), and close the mold to crimp the edges in place. The mold didn't do a great job with this part though, so instead I just crimped around the edges with a fork."
"Since I can’t remember specifics, I can just give an overall idea of Madrid. It’s beautiful, it’s easy to get anywhere because of the Metro, the food is amazing, the sun is almost always shining (I happened to get there on the first day of rain in over a year, but otherwise it was sunny), there are gorgeous old buildings on every corner, tons of fantastic art…I could go on and on. Even though I was pretty out of it during the first day or so of my trip, I can say with certainty that Madrid was fantastic."
"Dropped off my Rust Proofing article at World of Wheels magazine this week, will be my second published article under my new name."
"Father, I give you praise for all the favor and grace You have shown me in the past."
"10.) In a med bowl mix bisquick, milk and eggs until combined"
"Lim Siew Cheng, 63,"
"Anyhow, I was asked to make two 70th birthday cards, one being a handbag themed card from the grandson. Here's what I came up with, pleased to say that the recipient was very happy.....phew, I always dread handing the cards over just in case they hate them....lol!!"
"So are we going to just roll over and give up? Someone, somewhere wants Mr Wilders and all of us to spout lies on pain of punishment; inconveniently for some, Wilders has decided to stand up and tell the truth, despite everything, even the very real threat of a horrible death."
"Veteran code-breaker Hervie Haufler is the best source on Snow, having uncovered his story from National Archives files for his book ‘The Spies Who Never Were’."
"Despite this, I enjoyed \"She's Come Undone\" from the outset. Which is rare. For me, an Oprah's Book Club seal of approval is like a red rag to a bull. But until I hit upon page 8, I was having a whale of a time with Wally Lamb's book."
"Facsimile:"
"the rest of my tatting can't be shown yet, but you will see it in due time."
"attempts at photography."
"Hatch M, Michele M. Occupational exposures and reproduction. Kiely M (Ed.) Reproductive and perinatal epidemiology. Bota Raton, CRC Press 1991; 131-142."
"There are two types of cachaça, unaged (white) and aged (gold). White usually is bottled right after distillation, although some is aged for several months, and usually matures wood barrels for at least three years."
"I didn’t advocate federal mandates. I talked about it at a state level, finding a way — which included an escape clause that people didn’t have to buy it — finding a way to try to have people have insurance, particularly for wealthy people who are simply free-riding on local hospitals. But the fact is, it was a personal system, dramatically different than either Romneycare or the version Rick just discussed."
"My sister's jewelry and my little oil paintings and a tapestry. Love this birch stand made by Alan Mead (his work is at Orange River Arts and Laughing Raven Gift Shop downtown.)"
"app/controler/Note.js – onSearchNote: function()"
"We’ve gotten used to the good stuff. We crave the good stuff. We want the good stuff – I WANT THE GOOD STUFF!"
"6. Must not be over extended with other crafting commitments. We are"
"Congressman Mike Pompeo (KS-04)"
"Friday Five : ‘frī-(,)dā,-dē ‘fīv : On the sixth day of every week, I hit the shuffle button on my iTunes, then share the first five tracks and thought for each track. Sometimes there is a playlist involved, occasionally we’ll have a guest, but most of the time it’s just me. The rest is up to you, our friends and readers! Fire up your media player of choice and share the first five random track of your shuffle in the comments."
"TWR72 are another act reviving rave, or ‘Future Techno’ as NME dubbed it. Either way, if you come down to 1234, and like electronic dance music, the trio of Stay+, Nguzunguzu and TWR72 will keep your ear drums ringing with the sounds of 1993 for days. They are another band that Crumble hope to catch while we are there."
"So we spent the day there in the sun having fun and relaxing."
"Then Wednesday lunchtime my job sharer will read me her handover notes as our shifts overlap, my turn to work two and a half days before another weekend arrives."
"The Homeland Security Act of 2002 is another act that was passed to take away freedom and security in the United States and is in total violation of the constitution. As all the requirements of these acts become implemented, the people of the country will learn first-hand how it feels to have absolutely no freedom. These and other laws and regulations on the books will, when implemented, convert the United States into a more ruthless police state than was Nazi Germany or communist Russia and Red China."
"Then we took a shower and fixed our stuff and prepared to head back to the main land."
"RIP Daphne"
"Let’s give truly fictional scenes a pass, after all this is just a parody of “you-know-which-book”."
"As with most studies, there are limitations to the data. The study focused on data from registries instead of actual ADHD patients. Data was collected for more than 150,000 individuals currently taking drugs such as Ritalin or Concerta. These persons were compared to 434,000 people who were not taking these medications. The researchers found that over 1,300 participants had a heart attack, stroke, or cardiac related death. However, the drugs were not an increased risk to the deaths. In addition, neither age nor a history of heart disease added risk to ADHD drug users. Researchers also found that the deaths were the same during the use of an ADHD drug and a year after use had ceased."
"If you’ve spent the day dodging showers and are currently sat at home with a cup of tea staring out of a rain soaked window then look away from this blog now…Because that’s what today is ALL about! In contrast to our weeks of no rain and dry grounds, we’ve consistently had rain pretty much for the past week now. But we’re still in a drought, of course. With today being quite hectic and involving a bit of flitting about all over the place, I took the opportunity to take my photos whilst sat in the car. That’s right! Lazy!"
"So anyway."
"here i want to clarify,"
"From the tales shortened for kids."
"The mistress stated: “Ah! me too, the other night I met my lover in the office and I was wearing the leather bodice, mega stilettos, mask over my eyes and a raincoat, when I opened the raincoat… he did not say anything…..but we had wild sex all night.”"
"“It won't take long.”"
"Thank you so much for the warm welcome teamies."
"“If I had a Garmin, let’s say"
"This was profound, because hitherto, I’d kind of always just thought of myself as ‘ma and pa’s daughter’ in the wider context of our community. And of course I was and am, but with the newsletter, I was forming my own identity. I could contribute something of value and I felt as though I was being held in a new way. I felt my roots strengthen in a way they never had before – I’d always taken for granted that they were there, but had never really felt them before."
"So.....Neon pink nail polish thrown into a bunch of black and gray. I'm wearing my FAVORITE dress in this picture. It's just so simple and adorable, huh?"
"*Items are safe to use and 100% authentic provided with complete papers."
"Remain the same?"
"*”How was Europe?!” “Pretty good, How was your continued stay in the US?” “Pretty good too.” ”Okay, see you later.” This conversation will never happen."
"This is actually my first year of Script Frenzy, I’ve tried NaNoWriMo before but never succeeded (so far). I’ve had the idea for this script for about a year and it’s been kept on the back burner by other projects and my day job. Script Frenzy was an ideal opportunity to dust it off and get some words down."
"There’s also the mechanization of our food industry. Milk from Cows whose diets consist of grain cannot sustain baby Calves. More genetically modified foods are popping into the market."
"There goes my imagination. I'll be sure to give you another update later in the week, so stay tuned."
"“The writers of the Bible, inspired as I believe they were, they were nonetheless not inspired to do 21st Century physics,” he said."
"Sufjan Stevens - \"Casimir Pulaski Day\""
"URAN 1 —"
"More Jesus."
"My name is Charisse Smith and I am a Philosophy undergrad, a non-traditional student, and married mother of three at Columbia College, and I just wanted to share an idea with you, if you have a moment.From “On Liberty” by John Stuart Mill, there are two ideas I find very moving."
"January 15 - Four of the Watergate burglars - Barker, Gonzalez, Martinez, and Sturgis - pleaded guilty to all charges."
"He resides in Denham Springs, Louisiana (near Baton Rouge) with his wife of nearly 50 years. They have a married daughter, a married son and seven grandchildren."
"First of all, it was very cruel of you, Professor Z, to post this knowing how many of us are graduating now. I was forced to look back on all 4 of those years and wonder, where in the balls did they go? It’s going to be hard leaving Temple behind and reading Ben Jones’s list of 50 tips for college was almost too goddamn poignant for me to handle. You could practically taste the nostalgia dripping off this guy’s words and now I have to face the reality that that is going to be me in a few months."
"Lastly, I added that hoot owl trivet. I spray painted him so I don't think he's useful for hot dishes any more."
"the paper is sponsored by my BFF so i cant tell you where its from or what make it is."
"So, competition between services, but experienced in a meaningful forum (not just a league table produced every few years), a continuous process of improvement, with accountability for performance being felt at the front line, along with a blending of high tech, and simple communication between those looking at a problem from different perspectives."
"I begin with that exclamation simply because this beer is pretty darn terrific, and there's every reason why established devotees of (for lack of a better word) 'normal' lagers shouldn't try this beer and take a giant step forward toward (for lack of a better word) 'proper' lager."
"The more I think about Delphine, the more I realize that in many ways, I am Delphine. I leave it to you all, dear readers, to determine whether this post functions as an in-depth dissection of Delphine or merely a projection of my own neuroses onto her's."
"Anyone interested in the nondual side of psychology has to investigate what’s going on at the University of Lethbridge. I also recommend the conference to anyone interested in nonduality, not just psychologists. You’re going to hear a lot more from Gary Nixon in various ways in coming years. I continue to work with Gary as senior associate editor for the Paradoxica Journal of Nondual Psychology and as a member of his Board of Reviewers. I’m really pleased to be involved with the group there."
"Moses saw that the people were running wild and that Aaron had let them get out of control and so become a laughingstock to their enemies. Exodus 32:25"
"But first...."
"On the inside of the card, I stamped Posh again, and added a Happy Birthday sentiment in Melon Mambo."
"Rosey is on the tag laying down & Rosey fun time is the red haired girl in the back."
"Yule-tide carols being sung by a choir"
"Next, add all the individual speech averages (up to five speeches). That is the number you enter, unless it is above 24 (limit for the day). Always round up to a whole number. In the example above, the total points entered are 21 (5+5+6+5)."
"so I pull Squirrel out of bed to make sure I'm not hallucinating or suffering brain hemorrhage then I make her run with me to the shops to buy a shortcrust pastry block then we whistle that soft block back home double-quick where I stuff it with feta cheese and tomatoes and"
"Heard a discussion of credit derivatives on PBS last night by their business \"expert,\" Paul Solman, and was disappointed that he totally ignored what I consider to be the WORST thing about derivatives."
"Have a lovely rest of the week, everyone!"
"I will simplify: writing is rooted in language and observation. Writers write to convey real or imagined information. Readers interpret."
"Hightower said the only document the American Catholic Church has to guide it on the topic of homosexuals within the Church is a document from the United States Bishops' Conference called \"Always Our Children.\""
"The image I chose for Gary's Valentine is Magnolia's Tilda with Cozy Heart. I think she is so sweet! I picked a Magnolia sentiment that I think fits perfectly with this Tilda. Patterned paper, from the Paper Heart Collection by Crate Paper, was distressed (using my Zutter Distrezz-it-All), and inked with Stampin' Up ink. I used Stampin' Up CS for the card and the die cuts. Speaking of die cuts, I used a doily die by Cheery Lynn; a key, heart border, and lacy heart dies by Memory Box; and classic hearts dies by Spellbinders. I applied Star Dust Stickles to the key, the hearts, and Tilda's hair ribbons and shoe laces. Rather generously, I guess, but I like the effect for a Valentine. I accented Tilda with a Signo Uniball white gel pen.The largest heart has been colored with Copics and then treated with drops of Copic blender solution. A shout-out to Dawn of the Outlawz for this color-blocking technique!"
"When I left the workforce back in early 2010, I was making an annual salary of $72,000. Each paycheck (after taxes, deductions and a 401K contribution) was approximately $1,800 – twice a month. If I went back to work full time, I probably wouldn’t make MORE than I was making previously. I might even take a pay cut since I’ve been out of the workforce for two + years and the economy has gone from bad to worse. If I was lucky, I could make about $1,700 per paycheck - $3,400 per month. Not too shabby! An extra $3,400 each month would be AMAZING after living on a single income for the past few years. However - then you factor in child care costs and things start to get pretty ugly…"
"Is it really enough for the media to accept the word of a state official who says in effect “Its okay guys I've seen it, its cool, you don't need to worry you pretty little heads about it” if that satisfies today's “investigative journalists” we are certainly not talking about the likes of Woodward and Bernstein here are we."
"Boil the milk and keep on stirring...."
"1/2 cup rolled oats"
"JMRL’s other books by Jared Diamond:"
"Classic country with a twist"
"Add remaining ingredients and blend until smooth."
"I laugh out loud at it every time I see it."
"Yada, yada…"
"My goal for the Palestinian people would be to live in peace, to live in prosperity, to have the dignity of a state, to have freedom. and they can achieve it any morning they are prepared to say Israel has a right to exist, we give up the right to return, and we recognize that we’re going to live side-by-side, now let’s work together to create mutual prosperity."
"1 The 39 Steps"
"I worked the last couple of days with the new kid we recently hired. I've been pretty impressed with him honestly. He's pretty sharp and nothing like the \"Worthless Co-Worker\" he replaced. He informed me yesterday that his girlfriend dumped him the day before Valentine's day. I momentarily felt bad about this until he told me the reason for the dump. Apparently she doesn't want to move to the other side of the state with him for a new job he accepted. His last day is an undetermined day next week. The boss, who has been off the last two days, has yet to be informed. That will happen today I guess. I don't see him staying beyond this weekend because the new place that hired him wants him \"immediately\" and he's raring to go. Since I'm off today and tomorrow I'm guessing Saturday will actually be his last day."
"I noticed how much my voice shaken, I could feel the heat escaping my collar curling the hairs under my neck. Yet I remained cool, nonchalant leaning on the car door while I spoke with dispatch."
"I know...its been AGES since we put something up... but I was making this over the weekend as a gift, and thought it would make a good project, so here it is. (there is a couple more things I plan to add to it including a scrolly thing at the top etc., but am waiting on them arriving via post so have put it up without them)"
"Oscar Carillo called 9-1-1 and said two black males robbed him at gunpoint. Responding officers encountered two black males in the area of the report, and shot and killed one of them: 19-year-old Kendrec McDade."
"8. Queen of Misery"
"I am blessed to have family who consider me on Mother's Day as an \"expectant mother.\" I am, after all! Don't you know I'm paper pregnant?! My parents surprised me by taking care of our spa day on Saturday (more to come on that), while my sister and Lee gave me a sweet card and precious guide to making memories with your children! Perfect!"
"Emma found herself being lifted by powerful hands before her body was draped over a chair in front of the fire. One leg he caught with his hand, making it fall toward the floor, spreading her thighs open in invitation to his whims. Wanton, she felt no anxiety, no threat of remorse. Oddly unshaken by this change of events, she laid perfectly still, perfectly exposed. Instead her body pulsed in need of this man’s, this vampire’s touch."
"To action!"
"There is another Christmas tradition here (in Catalunya region, not all of Spain) that we are also participating in this year. Unfortunately, it is along the same general Catalan theme that I described to you in an earlier post about the caganer. (I don’t get the preoccupation here with pooping, but “when in Catalunya, do as the Catalans do.”) So here’s the story:"
"“I’m well aware of it.”"
"I commit myself to working on my relationship with myself in writing and in my dip assignments and by writing self forgiveness and self correction so that I can bring myself to a point of actually stepping beyond this point that I have been existing at for so long where I am simply unwilling to re-establish myself as self respect."
"4. Children's laughter. Sometimes it seems like I took a wrong turn at Albuquerque. Wasn't it my destiny to be surrounded daily by the laughter of children rather than the hum of computers? Maybe it still is..."
"LOVE her being there! She is such a tough little girl! She will do whatever- dig in the dirt, move mulch around, and she is NOT afraid of bugs in the least!!"
"Republican Senators, in particular Tom Libous of Binghamton, the Deputy Majority Leader, were also concerned that there would be \"parity\" in road funding between upstate and downstate, and last week State leaders produced a \"memorandum of understanding\" that would send \"$751 million to the upstate regions north and west of the Hudson Valley. ... the Hudson Valley, including Westchester, Rockland, Putnam, Ulster and Dutchess counties, would get up to $158 million, Long Island would get up to $291 million, and New York City would get up to $415 million.\""
"Moody: “In a shocking story that reverberated around the world, the cellphone video that had gone viral in Soweto came into the hands of the Daily Sun last month, who then contacted the police. Sun reporters went with the police into the streets with pictures of the alleged rapists (taken from the video) to try find them and the girl, who had been missing for about three weeks. This resulted in arrests (of seven boys and men between the ages of 14 to 20) and then, weighing up the girl's dignity against her safety, the paper published her picture in a plea to the public to help find her."
"I made mine just using magazine pages. I found some cute floral backgrounds on the fashion pages and just mixed them up. I used plain glue to stick them to the frame, but I'd recommend a layer of Mod Podge over the top as well, if you ever attempt a collage frame. Then I stuck this feather on the corner with some hot glue. I'm really happy with it."
"Remember those half filled cupcake holders of cake batter-they made the perfect topping for what I already had put together. I set one on top of each cake and sprinkled everything with cocoa powder. Yes I know Chef Payard's recipes have more than enough steps in them, why add to it? Because I wanted individual servings that I could take to work ! And they loved them at work. It was my little goodbye gift to my friends."
"Jesus in verse 37 says of those who come to Him “I will always accept them”. He came down from heaven with a purpose: To bring us back to God. Most of us know this, most of us see and acknowledge His work in others. Yet, we expect He will reject us, because “know one else is as bad as me”."
"Samuel Adams Boston Ale"
"The University of Chicago Department of Visual Arts 2009 MFA Thesis Exhibitions are coming. The University of Chicago Department of Visual Arts 2009 MFA Thesis Exhibitions are here:"
"There are beaucoup cultures in this world. I'm mean down south here, that would be boo-koo. Anyhoo I am going to make a concerted effort to expose them to a film, or book, or music, some other art, or food, anything from anywhere else but here at least once a week. When your ex husband gives you lemons, you gotta find someone with vodka, and get rat assed."
"3. Howling V/Howling VI"
"Although I can't stop making cookies! COOKIES! More cookies! I love making cookies for people. It is really all I want to do, so here I am, making cookies for YOU."
"What the introduction of the iPad did do was to drag publishers into the world of e-book jousting between Amazon's Kindle and every other e-reader device. It's just that the Apple iPad is the first real contender to the Kindle throne, as a device and utilising the more flexible epub format."
"For poolish: 5-7 hours (or the night before) baking, place 1/2 cup of warm water, 1/2 cups of flour, and 1/2 teaspoons of yeast into a plastic container, mix and cover lightly. Leave in a warm place until bubbles are seen and a slightly fermented aroma rises."
"But now, knowing how gross this rotten stump looks like in my face, I’ve started smiling with my mouth closed, or covering my mouth when I smile. I don’t think I do it out of embarrasment, I just don’t want to gross people out. Maybe it is vanity or something, but it’s not nice. I miss really smiling. Because I tend to smile a lot, even when I’m dying inside."
"Grab a receiver or running back?"
"However, even with this mainstream aspect, the social justice movement is still counter-cultural. What’s more counter to American culture than a movement rejecting political boundaries, and striving for just treatment for everyone, regardless of which side of an arbitrary line a human was born? Obviously we can be sedated by the ads into thinking this is just a fad."
"- My wife says: I liked the scene with Zoey and her boyfriend, where one day a month she hoped he was different? What you trying to say Wifey?"
"If an entire nation could seek its freedom, why not a girl? As the Revolutionary War begins, thirteen-year-old Isabel wages her own fight...for freedom. Promised freedom upon the death of their owner, she and her sister, Ruth, in a cruel twist of fate become the property of a malicious New York City couple, the Locktons, who have no sympathy for the American Revolution and even less for Ruth and Isabel. When Isabel meets Curzon, a slave with ties to the Patriots, he encourages her to spy on her owners, who know details of British plans for invasion. She is reluctant at first, but when the unthinkable happens to Ruth, Isabel realizes her loyalty is available to the bidder who can provide her with freedom."
"Yeah, this Tom Jones, the Pontypridd Sexbomb himself!"
"Up-close and personal with my salad."
"-the secrets to a perfectly smooth and level ganached base"
"China is home to 20 percent of the world population, but has only about 5 percent of the world’s fresh water resources."
"The Sunday Post is a new meme hosted by Kimba the Caffeinated Book Reviewer. Inspired by Kristi from The Story Siren, the Sunday post is a weekly recap of our week, a place to show our book hauls and what to look forward to in the upcoming week."
"We’ll be releasing an update in the next week or so to include in app purchases that will help improve your gameplay, multipliers, power-ups and increase overall score."
"A LOL worthy jab at the Conservative spin machine, from McMaher:"
"Waking up isn’t all that hard. Life pretty much forces it on you when you realize the common factor in all your problems is you. There are some people who never seem to get it of course, but I’m pretty sure that “eureka moment” comes to most of us at some point in our lives. We wake up and understand our power to create our own reality. The hard part is staying awake. How do we keep from going back to sleep?"
"Finally, my new website should be up around the time that the CD is released, if not sooner. Be on the lookout for that."
"Unknown amount of loyalty, will either love you unconditionally and marry you with all your flaws (but of course bitch mercilessly to all his boys), or get fed up and leave you for a perky breasted girl with sex appeal you can’t see (but all your friends think she is WAY more gorgeous than you but will never say, well, not to your face)"
"He’ll be a brilliant father though. Awesome with kids."
"Do you have a kid who always has suggestions how to re-decorate their bedroom or play room? Do they like to pick out their own outfits for school in the morning?"
"Wood spoon"
"I'm wicked smaht and I have gadgets. I can take care of this."
"“But then 2008 Score Select comes along and now there are three autos per box and I had become an avid trader on an online trading site called Trading Card Central. That made it a little easier to aquire more of my wants and add a little more of the autos to my collection. In 2009, there was no more Score Select but a new version called ‘Inscriptions.’ Man, I was bummed. I wasn’t thrilled about it at first but over time it slowly grew on me and I decided to go full force on trying to get not only the parallels and inserts from all the previous years, but also adding the autos as well. Here I am today with a collection that I am proud of and am still trying to expand."
"Since the makers of the program still haven't found the hairy monster, I decided to take my digital camera into the woods and capture an image of ol' Sasquatch himself."
"imagined shames."
"A: I just don't know what I'd feel like if I wasn't a person."
"Sorry about the dull lighting. The swatches of the lipstick are actually the best ones, and are truest to color. I haven’t tried these products out for long so I don’t think I can give an accurate review of their quality yet. But I do like them so far."
"The SNP put up 43 candidates and only got 27 seats for their efforts."
"The same principle has other uses, though. Let’s say you’re faced with a status quo that is obviously problematic and headed for trouble, and you want to envision an alternative. Even among thoughtful people these days, it’s all too common to meet this sort of situation by imagining the opposite of the status quo as your alternative, and assuming that since the status quo is bad, the opposite must be good. There are some obvious problems with this sort of thinking, and some that may not be so obvious; we’ll be talking in another week or so about the way that binary opposition locks into place whatever it sets out to oppose, for example."
"I was really impressed with Josh Hutcherson’s performance as Peeta Malark, as well as Elizabeth Banks as Effie."
"Twin 2: Oh yea I guess you're a bitch."
"Hence the Cheese Friday evening I’d carefully planned with my mates, in order to allow P to get to his work Christmas party, rather undesirably became Tears Friday: I wept on P in the morning, then on Tills and Polly in the evening. Much like the occasional necessity to bang on about what I’ve learned, I begrudgingly appreciate that this is just another of those things that must occasionally be done. There are just things that sometimes have to be said, as I so wish there weren't, to the people closest to me; both things I need to get off my chest and ensure are understood, and things that can help those who most need to comprehend the day-to-day realities of mine and P's shituation in order to make themselves most useful, for both for our sakes and theirs. (I don't mean that in an expectant, needy way, I'm just mentioning it because, well, that's just what close family and best mates do.)"
"I wore my matching Pacman theme shirt today. So you KNOW I was ready."
"So......onto the Tutorial"
"The above is a great way of propping pinwheels in a table centerpiece. Just take a ball jar, fill with coffee beans and voila the pinwheel sticks will stay perfectly upright. For a bit more fun just tie a bit of ribbon around the jars."
"However women are ‘better at remembering where things are’ and are more likely to navigate via landmarks rather than the generally male trait of navigating by sense of direction."
"And then there’s the metamorphosis issue. At the sight of the BB’s (boobs and buttocks) it goes from teeny weenie to “Got Tent?” and I suppose that can lead to serious vagina envy. Us gals can get all hot and bothered and no one is the wiser. Those padded bras offer more than just added cleavage."
"Identifying suspicious accounts is not a subjective business. Banks rely on internationally recognized standards and software that contains certain triggers."
"I ask her if she'd like some peanuts or toast,"
"Chuck Johnson of the National Council for Adoption gets it right in this quote from a USA Today article: “This trend is not right, and it is not good for children. Given the increasing number of orphaned children worldwide, the continued decline in intercountry adoptions means that children’s most basic needs and rights are being denied.”"
"I have, up to this point, tried to avoid anything personal in this blog but I feel with my new job that it is morphing into a new creature and I am going to let that continue."
"And what did I find – disappointment. His trademark style was missing. To give you a brief, this is a story of two boys set in that small town of Varanasi who fall for the same girl. One wants to use his brain to earn more money and the other looking to bring out a revolution. Though I am still unable to understand why the title, it started on a promising note, higher on emotion, lives of students struggling to clear entrance exams, helplessness, but in between, I felt like skipping some of the pages altogether – very unlike other Chetan Bhagat books. The climax was so very inspired by Bollywood films that it was not only predictable, it was a spoiler too. I did find some parts of the book entertaining, but the climax killed it all. The two minds, different thought processes; he picked up many of the emotions bang on the spot but somehow the actions lacked the intensity that was being conveyed through the words."
"I put Lily down on the floor and sat behind her. She finally seemed like herself- up until then the effects of the anesthesia were evident, and I wasn't really sure what she was hearing. So when I whispered, \"I love you, Lily\", and she JERKED her head around to look at me, I knew the tubes were a success. I can't even tell you how that feels to know your baby is hearing you when you're just whispering. For months we've been noticing that unless we're talking directly at her, and she sees our faces, or talking very loudly, she doesn't respond. Quite honestly I thought it was the Down syndrome. Or the fact that she's turning into a toddler :) But seeing her react to our voices today, and turn her head to see where they're coming from, just shows me how much she's been missing."
"~Leah"
"The people in the downstairs headquarters CRACKED UP everytime I turned in a kill at all my costume changes. The goth, the school teacher, the school girl, the normal outfit, the librarian, the party girl, the emo.. just all the different looks I came up with. PLUS I even had different friends I walked around with. My friend A. came and hung out with me as did my friends L. and T. So I wasn't with my hubby the whole time."
"As the old childhood song goes, “Jesus loves me, this I know, for the Bible tells me so…” And He proves it over and over again. Even reminding us as we hear the birds sing in the darkness before the sun rises. In this life there will be times when we may not see or feel the sun (Son) in our situations, but be encouraged, just as sure as the light of dawn is there, so is He…so sing on!"
"So your guitar skills were developed through being a “party animal”…"
"There are a few people sitting around the lobby littered in plush comfy chairs and free bottled water on tables beneath a dome of mirrored windows looking out into a continuous world despite the pamphlets on financial self-dependency, job placement, etiquettes in resume presentation, personal appearance, and job interview discourse screaming in the faces of those of a less fortunate meek who haven’t quite inherited the “dream” of a caseworkers mechanical call of a name. All around I hear conversations of an aimless, mindless chatter; no interest on my part. Or maybe because I chose not to engage my ears? I’m sure the conversations consisted on the lack of work, money, and food; something I’m actually tired of hearing because it’s literally the same-o, same-o between Julian and me. Just this morning as we were having our morning coffee Julian started complaining on why I had bought a 2 lb. bag of sugar instead of the usual 5 lb.?. . .My answer:"
"What I do know is that he certainly wasn’t basing his opinion on medical evidence. Nor was he helping me in the least by saying such a thing. I never actually believed his dire predictions but I cannot deny that his words scared me at first. And they came back to me from time to time. Like a prickly haunting echo. Like some wispy, woo-woo kind of Dickensian Christmas Carol ghost of my MS Future. And, of course, this ghost would shadow me when I felt the most vulnerable, the sickest & weakest & wobbliest. Which is to say, those words would kick me when I was already down."
"-Share the title & author, too, so that other TT participants can add the book to their TBR Lists if they like your teasers!"
"How irritated are YOU when you have to hit the prompt number…. only to wait again for yet another prompt…. to define your question to then go to another prompt…..UGH!!!!"
"d. When both the task and the customer are unknown"
"Matt and I had our first encounter with Americans since we have been in Buenos Aires. The Bears game was on yesterday so we took a seven minute taxi drive to an American bar called Shoestring Joes. The place was packed with Americans either students, visitors or locals wearing college shirts, khaki shorts, sports hats and almost everyone with a beer in the their hand. Our first night out we noticed the huge cultural difference in social drinking here. Even on a Friday night you won't see a Porteno indulging in a two pint pitcher of beer or stumbling disoriented out of a bar. The people here seem to value being clear-headed and composed. This night was the first time we saw people getting sloppy. I read in a book that Portenos look down on people who get drunk and out of control.They see it as a weakness. This attitude is very refreshing for someone experienced in the Newport Beach Peninsula bar scene. The social scene here is much more pleasant and enjoyable to take part in. People treat themselves with good conversation and story telling."
"In yesterday's blog I wrote about language classes offered through UNA's Office of Continuing Studies and Outreach and wanted to briefly expand on that today."
"Todorovski’s remarks come after several days of police silence about the gruesome murders that took place on April 12."
"There is so much about this movie that has ingrained itself in the public conscious--punching carcasses, ’Yo, Adrian!” and running up the steps of Independence Hall--you know all of them even if you have never seen Rocky. If you have not, shame on you. It is a great film. You do not have to care a thing about boxing to love it."
"29th January 2012"
"1 plank"
"Well, sometimes the line can be blurred. Something can be both an e-book and e-tutorial and something can be both an e-book and an e-pictorial. Something can also be both an e-pictorial and a video. Something can also be an e-tutorial, e-pictorial, and an e-class all in one. The lines are blurred and it can be confusing."
"9. Autodrop. The pink/purple Cadillacs, as I don't like liquorice. Do not give me a box of those as I will empty it."
"Well, I have heard that Blogger isn't"
"Lewis achieves that by taking the reader on a journey of discovery. It’s usually led by a protagonist who is seeking to understand something complicated. In Moneyball, it’s the manager of the Oakland Athletics, Billy Beane, who learns to use sophisticated statistics developed by baseball enthusiasts such as Bill James to compete with the riches of the New York Yankees."
"I asked for help with cooking the chard and was told to treat it just like spinach. In fact, it is a cousin of spinach and it's loaded with antioxidants, vitamins and minerals and also helps to regulate blood sugar. It's one of the most healthful vegetables you can eat and tastes a lot like spinach."
"Charlson Ong’s story progresses through a series of character portraits where the investigation is related through the eyes of the various individuals involved. For instance the manageress of the Blue Angel is the whiskey drinking Rosa Misa. She’s a former singer, who saw her dreams crushed and with the help of Antonio Cobianco opens the bar where patrons can come, relax and listen to live music. When the investigation begins she is initially resistive and insists that nothing untoward have ever take place in her bar."
"The truth is- I am terrified. I declined all prenatal testing with her- just as I did with her brothers- because I KNOW it doesn't matter. In my heart, I KNOW that no matter what I will love her."
"The relevance for this blog: the pizza delivery scooters use the cycle lanes. Most scooters do, and since they have become very popular, they are now a hazard to cyclists. Scooters, not bikes, are the fastest-growing transport mode in Amsterdam, and the city is experimenting with scooter bans on cycle paths. The Dominos promotional video is shot entirely on cycle paths (Waterlooplein and Plantage Middenlaan)."
"I finally raised my hand and shared, “Every year for as long as I can remember, I’ve found joy in the Christmas tradition of baking cookies and making homemade fudge or English toffee from the recipe my mom had always used. But this year is different. I don’t even have a kitchen sink. So I’m learning that I have to find joy in the season in other ways that are within me. This year, I’m learning a valuable lesson about what the true meaning of Christmas really is.”"
"CNN like some technological wizardry on these occasions. One of them this time was an exclusive satellite picture of the events which showed the crowds as a dense grey blur \"looking like ants\". Given how long we've had satellite pictures, this didn't exactly have the Wow Factor."
"Job 1:7 (NLT)"
"Hey everyone! Hope everyone's Tuesday is awesome! I have been playing around with Ranger and have found some really cool techniques to share. I have had Ranger products for a while and have often played around with the distressing stains ink pads and dobbers. I didn't realize the possibilities that could be achieved and much more. My journey started with the liquid Pearl line. I have seen the dots created with them and wanted to see if anything else was possible. I found many really cool techniques to do on you tube. With no other than the master himself Tim Holtz! It was like I had a tutor all to myself!! Now I am going to take you threw everything technique that I played with a piece at a time and explain! Most everything that I used can be found at the Flying Unicorn store. Ok lets get started!"
"There were many other extremely rude names that cannot be written here."
"Why would we care about the Constitution?"
"People sometimes ask about the practicalities of writing for different age-groups. Is it difficult? Confusing? Does it require a major switch of focus, or a preparatory period of immersion in picture-books or adult fiction? I’m not really aware of any great difference in approach. Writing is writing, and once I have an idea, it’s the story itself and the characters whose heads I’m inhabiting that determine how the story will develop, the pace, the language, the length. What I can’t do, though, is have two or three projects on the go at the same time. It’s essential to feel that I’m living in whatever story it is, so that my mind works away at it while I’m doing other things, like swimming or gardening, or even sleeping.."
"Be Well."
"Paying the balances of your cards as fast as you can will help your credit score. First, pay down your credit card balances, starting with the highest interest. Doing so shows your lenders that you are responsible."
"What helped my recovery process was that not only coming to terms with what had happened to me, but that seven to eight years ago, I was finally able to forgive my mother and so release the anger that I had harbored against her, which by then had eaten away my spirit like a slow moving illness."
"It might have something to do with some of video’s inherent weaknesses, some of its problems at the moment that keep it from being a good at elegy and an effective vehicle for mourning. The work of Jim Hodges, for example, uses imitations of nature as well – plastic flowers. Like the aquarium and the Steinkamp piece, the flowers are a copy of nature. Like the aquarium, you could call them kitsch. They feel cheap. However, the history of those plastic flowers (their accumulation in roadside memorials, the sense of sadness that their faded colors convey in a cemetery, the fact that they are only appropriate when presented to the dead) become features of the materials, and thus the plastic flowers as material (caught up in that history) carries the elegiac message effectively. That said, I think that Hodges’ curtains of flowers are quite effective as elegies in a way that the Steinkamp piece was not."
"The deli case at Nosher Rye is vast, and virtually everything is made in-house. There’s a huge array of salads and sides to go with your sandwiches and platters. The restaurant also does a pretty significant catering and take-out business, just in case you want to nosh in the privacy of your own home."
"“That must be why you’re so pretty,” said Joe."
"Penn State: Big Ten Champion should be worth something, right?"
"Colorado Rockies pitcher Jeremy Guthrie can add his name to the list of players that have had a freak injury."
"I've got a few additional thoughts to add to my previous post. As often happens with me, I have to write down what my initial thoughts are in order to move forward with my thinking. Within minutes of posting, it hit me that these weird incidents represent larger paradigms."
"Qiu even said she wants to try doing chio poses ala America's Next Top Model style."
"Embellished ballet flats: Witchery"
"I saw that some one eating the breakfast Ramen. It was a cheap instant kind and 2 fried eggs on it. The instant Ramen that you can possibly purchase for 45 cents at any local Asian market or even at Safeway for a buck."
"TRUST A BEAUTY WITH A PAST?"
"This afternoon, I had the chance to interview him by phone in a rather spur-of-the-moment occasion. Most times interviews take place after nearly a week of correspondence, but this was completed in just about an hour."
"Huge Hugs,"
"The way my emotions are wired sex, love and intimacy are all sides of the same coin."
"Japanese - My bistable trigger circuit which goes allot"
"It isn’t. In fact the new album, Blueprint, is one of the best things I have heard this year. As when Steely Dan came back after 20 years between albums, Blueprint sounds as if Sebastian Hardie never took a breath in those 36 years. From the sea-wash Hammond organ and cello-like guitar of 6/8 opener ‘I Wish’ through thrill-ride ‘Vuja De’, down to orchestral closer ‘Shame’, the entire album is a delight. Majestic, spacey, classically beautiful by turns, it is everything I expected."
"ER. And finally as always Ear Room asks, what does the term sound art mean to you?"
"And because Waste Land a film about all of this and more, it is a great film indeed. What begins as an interesting experiment, turning garbage into art, becomes a sociological study of the transformative power of art on people, and of people on the art and the artist. Waste Land shows us how people can be bound together through work and art, not only to each other, but also to their larger socio-political and historical legacy. It is a film about the ways humanity and beauty can be found, thrive even, in the most challenging and unlikely places, when people have the resolve, and the love, to make it so. Most importantly perhaps, is the fact that Waste Land is a real treasure, the sort of heartwarming and life affirming study of people, lacking in both sentimentality and cynicism, that uplifts the audience and elevates the art form."
"I have not danced since Saturday due to the aforementioned issues with breathing, and I think I am not going to push myself tonight, but tomorrow I will be revisiting Sueno Porteno in Bodeo. I went last week with two chicas and we had a grand time. It is a traditional milonga, but with a relaxed twist. Everyone is seated together, no separation of men and women, and it is acceptable to approach someone for a dance. Cabeceo is also used, but not as much because there are three dance floors and the seating is sort of wrapped around the center stair case, which is enclosed. Yes, three dance floors, all on the same level. Two of them are really connected by a short divider in the middle of the floor, and the third is sort of over in Timbuktu, but it seems to be a safe place to go if you (meaning a leader) want to do some more athletic moves (boleos, volcadas, etc) that one would not normally lead in a traditional dance floor. I had some fantastic dances and really enjoyed being with my two friends. So if you are interested in a relazed, traditional atmosphere, this seems to be the ideal place to go."
"Stage 002"
"I've only got a few minutes, so I'll just give a short little update on everyone. :)"
"business. Located on a critical corner and bordering a Fayetteville City Park, the"
"That’s why I thought I’d start a new weekly feature! From now until the end of December, we’ll be celebrating Thankful Thursdays. Every Thursday, I’ll list the things I’m most thankful for that week. I’d love for you to join me, and list what you’re most appreciative of that week as well."
"D) All of the above!"
"$0.50 off any one (1) Minute Rice Product"
"Another hamburger find on Etsy:"
"Different members of the audience then joined in with speculation on how the device works, and the salesman replied he couldn’t comment as he didn’t know."
"I'm trying to work out if it's heavily influenced by Elton John or if Elton John was heavily influenced by Leo Sayer. Either way, this track could easily have been on an Elton John album."
"The lobby will be wallpaper on a crowded street:"
"426 restevek children have returned to school, with tuition, uniforms and supplies being paid for by RFF, and 130 adult women also are learning to write their names for the first time through RFF’s literacy program."
"YES, I always had freckles!!!"
"Here now, see now"
"Sadly, my uphill kick was like Bruce Lee now, and not Bruce Lee in 1972. Brock and Bobby were too strong to catch, though I did have enough for one final acceleration to the line to hold off Devin. Bobby finished the rather hilly course in 30:46, Brock was next in 31:21, I hit 31:30, Devin was 31:34, and Marc/Alex finished sub-32."
"On their own, these Ayurvedic treatments will support your energy, but you should likewise address the root situation that is emptying your energy. In mixture with the right workout regimen, and even more importantly healthy digestion with the suitable diet regime, the health supplements can seriously enhance the lower energy, exhausted state you may locate your self in. The inherent nature of Ayurveda takes under consideration many aspects. Consuming correct, nutritional supplements and certain workout techniques in yoga, pranayama, and meditation can actually set you up on the path to a more gratifying way of life. Take these tips to heart, take into account adding the likes of Ashwagandha and Chyavanprash to your eating plan, and you will absolutely begin to find out a difference inside a quite short time frame. Deal with tiredness by ensuring your way of life and eating plan are in-line properly and make use of Ayurvedic herbal products that will help you."
"Sure beats putting every detail of my life as facebook status updates though, right?"
"Luke 22:61-62"
"Had known it since HIS name made it's way into my eardrums, courtesy of a well meaning co worker behind me........"
"I’m currently loving John Mark McMillan’s new album, “Economy.” All the songs on it are great."
"I send you hugs and blessings"
"Those with money would have plates made from pewter. Food with a high acid content caused some of the lead to leach into the food causing lead poisoning and even death. This happened most often with tomatoes, so for the next few hundred years tomatoes were considered poisonous."
"Uh-oh, I thought. Please, please don’t tell this woman why you want those herbs, I prayed silently."
"Hermann Goering, attributed by Gustave Gilbert"
"I slept in ripped tights; I do not remember that happening before."
"An article in the rightwing Israeli Jerusalem Post agrees. “Support for settlement is not simply a program of right-of-center Likud. Its history has firm roots in Labor party activity during the periods of its governments, and activities by predecessors of the Labor party going back before the creation of the Israeli state” (April 27)."
"Of course, he knew great motorcycle tuners like George Brown and Noel Pope but was anxious to take his own route. He gained an appointment to see Professor G F Mucklow, the Head of Mechanical Engineering at the University of Birmingham, and who had carried out a lot of research into supercharged single-cylinder engines. I was very excited when Grandad said he would take me along - I think he had an idea that it would inspire me to go to University. Grandad explained what he was trying to do, and Professor Mucklow listened carefully before smiling and saying, \"You should really be talking to my former assistant, Doctor Shilling. She knows all about superchargers and fuelling - and motorcycles!\" Grandad wasn't often stopped in his tracks. \"Do you mean Tilly Shilling?\" he said at last. \"I raced against her at Brooklands!\" And that was indeed who the Professor meant."
"That picture represents the future. It represents the summer I am going to get to spend with my sister, her daughter, and my son. It will be so fun. I think having children has really brought my sister and I closer. I love it!"
"The myth that it rains in the UK ALL the time is easily dispelled by two things 1) Living here for a period of time and 2) Living in the South East for that period of time."
"-We set up a picnic blanket on the lawn and ate lunch outside, since the kitchen was such a mess. It was quite nice..."
"-- Zazou"
"“Susan & Sabrina did a wonderful job, they are easy to communicate with, they were willing to put in extra time and work in getting our house ready to sell.”"
"So there I am, in the Tor panel at Dragon*Con on the Friday night before Labor Day. Len is showing me a copy of Dreams of Steel II: Brass and Bolts, which contains his story “Dreams of Freedom”. (Yay, Len!) A gentleman comes up to us and hands us bookmarks for his book, Shadowmagic; I exclaim I’m a book blogger (…let’s be honest, I do that a lot, it’s kind of a big part of my identity) and he whips out a copy, signs it, and hands it to me. It turns out that John Lenahan originally published Shadowmagic as a free podcast, which was then published in the UK. He’s seeking American publication at the moment, which was why he was at Dragon*Con, although Tor editors don’t take submissions at conventions. I figured it’d be a cute and unchallenging read while I recovered from con. Little did I realize how unchallenging it would be…"
"Something that was being pleasure for him, was being pain for her, but she feared putting him off, and the thought of losing him made her knees go jello."
"Lord Baelish, the slime, proclaims he has loved Catelyn Stark all these years but that doesn’t keep him from making a distasteful advance moments before presenting Lady Stark with her husband’s bones nor does it prevent him from lying to her. Here viewers receive a small sop to their intelligence in that we are asked to infer the bones of Ned Stark are in the chest which Catelyn opens rather than being shown the bones."
"Wait for it to dry. this could take anywhere from a couple of hours to a couple of days."
"To help put your mind at ease did you know that Silicones are even used to make the heat resistant tiles on the bottom of space shuttles? If its good enough for stopping spacecraft burning up in our atmosphere, it is good enough for baking a couple muffins!"
"I recommend this book to all the people who have ever been a victim of bullying or abuse and to everyone that loves a good story! I am so impressed, I will definitely be recommending this to all my friends!"
"This will most definitely take a few different posts so stay tuned for the actual reviews, but here is a little sneak preview of what is to come;) I wish I could be like Oprah and give these all away to my readers. Now THAT would be awesome!"
"Episode 2 - Perhaps my favourite of the three, I'll just come out and say it - Duncan, I heart you! Seeing Connor's hapless old mate from the ancient days of series one really highlights the changes in Connor. I love the thought that through series 2, 3 and interim gap, Duncan was out on the streets, imagining he was fighting the good fight, when really he just had no clue! Poor Duncan, he's a bit of a bumbler, but a very sweet one. Another plus point, the flushing of a cute little lizard down the loo, aaand... Five years later, flipping great scary dinosaur! Incidentally, at the start of the episode, did anyone TOTALLY think it was Jenny? Cause I did, and it took quite a lot of squinting for me to realise it wasn't. Which was disappointing, I miss Jenny and her efficiency! And after seeing a rather power-neutered Lester, it was nice to see him stand up and take charge again."
"My only criticism of the white chili is that it doesn't include any veggies to speak of, except for the onions, garlic, and small amount of chiles. I'm not sure what would be good in here (that DC would eat), but next time I fix this, I will definitely experiment with adding veggies of some kind to the pot."
"I was reminded of the film \"Chuchelo,\" a very compelling Russian film in which a young girl is ostracized by the rest of her class. It's similar to \"Lord of the Flies\" in that it depicts some frightening human tendencies that surface in group situations. I very much hope that Dasha will cling to the few positives in her life and not continue to be a victim of society or of her own troubled past."
"It presents itself in different ways and to differing degrees – so that while all people with autism may share certain difficulties, how it affects them varies greatly."
"After watching these videos it made me want to go and spend some more time developing some of the skills required for working in the VFX Industry! I’ve had a chance to play about with After Effects, Nuke, Blender and Messiah, but with the exception of After Effects I never managed to get past the first couple tutorials found online. I’d love to spend more time developing these skills if I could."
"or yet to be remembered"
"“What are you doing here?” I asked impatiently."
"Amateur MMA and shows like The Ultimate Fighter can only be seen as either a ways and means for up and comers to showcase their talent, or as exploitive. Most fans and participants alike see the value in unknowns being able to showcase their talent whether it be at the local or national level. No one holds you in contempt for developing talent the way you do. For that, please don’t throw all amateurs and the promotions they fight for into your trash can of irrelevance."
"“One should understand the spiritual master to be as good as I am,” said the Blessed Lord. “Nobody should be jealous of the spiritual master or think of him as an ordinary man, because the spiritual master is the sum total of all demigods.” That is, the ācārya has been identified with God Himself. He has nothing to do with the affairs of this mundane world. He does not descend here to meddle with the affairs of temporary necessities, but to deliver the fallen, conditioned souls—the souls, or entities, who have come here to the material world with a motive of enjoyment by the mind and the five organs of sense perception. He appears before us to reveal the light of the Vedas and to bestow upon us the blessings of full-fledged freedom, after which we should hanker at every step of our life’s journey."
"\"Perhaps also for a dyslexic musician who plays extremely well it is very burdensome to then have to go back and look at the music: it creates anxiety. The quality of your performance is not affected by your ability to sight-read. The only thing it affects is the kind of work you can do - because session musicians need it.\""
"Sometimes I am more like Alexia than even I care to admit."
"I’m taking bets."
"so there we were...and i try to smile at others, and make eye contact. which is pretty stupid because i know when i was at my crazy worst, or crazy best depending on how you look at it, i was in such panick mode i would be on the verge of screaming hysterically if someone so much as glimpsed my way...but i want to be friendly and give that knowing glance that it's all good. it's all going to be okay. we're not crazy, or we're all crazy because the whole world is crazy when you get right down to it so who cares right?"
"Oh my gosh... only a few more days till we meet our angel.... (our first meeting is Wednesday)"
"I’m a gardener. Not the first thing I would think I am, but really when it comes down to it, I’m a gardener. I have so many interests that catch my attention and I’m a shitty juggler when it comes to giving them laser-like focus. My strategy is time and patience, love, and a green thumb."
"Juliet, the dice was loaded from the start"
"In 1957, Arthur 'Artie' Singer asked a well-known talent agent named Nat Segall for some help with a song that he'd co-written with Johnny Madara and Dave White for Danny And The Juniors called Do The Bop. The song was interesting because it married the twelve-bar blues chord progression of early rock and roll with the 50s chord progression from Country music. Artie was working as vocal coach for the harmony quartet at the time. The group started in 1955 as the Juvenaires from John Bartram High School in Philadelphia and featured lead singer Danny Rapp, with first tenor Dave White, second tenor Frank Maffei, and baritone Joey 'Terry' Terranova. Just before they recorded Do The Bop, they'd changed their name to Danny And The Juniors."
"\"If she was my mother, I would have wanted her triaged and treated the way she was,\" Dr. Jack Stanborough said."
"Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited 22"
"Have a wonder\"fall” week!"
"“Mel…” she began, but I cut in to see if I could change the subject,"
"One solution"
"At the risk of over sharing, I am bloating. It's an awful feeling. Your pants are tight and you feel like you are carrying around and extra ten pounds. And to make it worse, you didn't even do anything to cause that! I chose not to weigh in yesterday because it was that bad. Still is. But it got me thinking. First question was, why does this happen in the first place? And the second, how do I fix it?"
"Mushroom picking. For years I'd wanted to indulge in this foraging fantasy, my mind filled with romanticised visions of skipping in a cool dark forest with a wicker basket tucked under my arm, stopping every now and then to pluck a large waiting mushroom to add to my spoils."
"And that wraps up Project Paper for January! Six easy peasy steps. A couple of days left until I will host our link party and you can all share all of your Project Paper work in all it's glory! I am super giddy excited to see all the organized eye candy, it sounds like many of you have been hard at work!"
"A couple of small brass bells tied together with an organza ribbon in gold and a cut off piece from a Prima winter branch."
"Banner dies- Whiff of joy"
"And aping them in flight."
"last October. Newport Beach was truly Magical!"
"Die cut shapes and frames - Spellbinders labels ten"
"“Sullivan seems able to do almost anything, to work in any register, and not just within a single piece but often in the span of a single paragraph…Pulphead is the best, and most important, collection of magazine writing since Wallace’s A Supposedly Fun Thing I’ll Never Do Again…Sullivan’s writing is a bizarrely coherent, novel, and generous pastiche of the biblical, the demotic, the regionally gusty and the erudite.” —Gideon Lewis-Kraus, New York Times Book Review"
"Ben wrote:"
"We took them to the Getty Center on Saturday. They seemed to enjoy themselves, but I had the feeling that, being unfailingly polite, they were putting on a brave face for us while they were so stressed and worried about what their families were enduring back home. I felt like an idiot when I started freaking out when I thought I lost my wallet – because really, how could I go on without those five dollars and my driver's license? I fail at perspective."
"Leighton"
"My first submission is based on a photograph I must have taken some time back in the 1970s. It was in a Bingo Hall in, I think, Bridlington. I pointed the camera into the arcade and took a photograph in the hope that something interesting might emerge when I developed the film. Nothing must have emerged because, as far as I can remember, I never made a print from the negative. But now, when I scan it, I see a woman who has turned away from her bingo game to see what kind of person wastes good film on such a scene. And there is something about her stance, something about her look, something about her enigmatic eyes which makes me want to take her out of her context and discover her anew. It's a silly game, I know, but it keeps me amused during the cold winter months."
"\"We are hopeful that this prosecution will restore safety and security in the neighborhood where this gang operated,\" U.S. Attorney Barbara McQuade said."
"“Yeah but it could be an important tweet!”"
"That faint sound,"
"For those who haven't noticed, I have a blog about dreams called A Faraway View. A while back I had a dream about a concept called \"Dynamic Flow\". According to the information that I received in this dream, Dynamic Flow is the theory that states: Outward movement of money will result in an incoming flow of money."
"razorwire strangling vacant lots?"
"by Adina Pelle"
"The most intense level of BPC, Excavation, is designed to flood your body with chlorophyll, restore your alkaline balance, and seriously rest your insides so they can finally unearth those crayons you ate when you were three."
"in effect to his mother. What’s wrong with that?"
"So this year’s upcoming business meeting has an interesting little By Law change propsed (via the Board) to reduce the ‘excessively costly’ annual meetings. Buried in the motion are provisions that hand effective budget control over to the Board and reduce the power of the Governing Council to almost, a nullity but for elections of officers, which will be done from candidate lists largely controlled by the Board."
"In my next post, I'll introduce you to our newest family member!"
"Characteristics of a successful noodler include 1. the Hulk’s upper body strength; 2. Sponge Bob’s breath control; 3. Robin William’s selective insanity; and 4. a spouse who can maintain a cool façade while hoping she won’t have to raise the children alone."
"I might add a few words about that mall before I go, the mall at which I would purchase these cheap fusion records. When I wasn't in the record shoppe I would be in a bookstore usually the Book Shack or Doubleday. It was in Doubleday the bookstore that I befriended an African American man named Lenny and he would tell me all about his philosophy of \"Hedonism\" which, he explained, in the vernacular meant \"if it feels good do it!\" but in philosophic language had to do with pleasure and pain and a man named John Stuart Mill. I would call him Lenny, the Hedonist. And he would remind me to be careful what I called other people in public."
"Iván Meade – \"What is your favourite design find? Where did you get this item – how long have you had it?\""
"You decide. I decide. It’s ours to decide."
"I wasn't completely lost since the author does a good job of explaining just enough of the background so that you can follow along with what's going on. Obviously there was an operation gone wrong, and now a threat hangs over Meara's head. She's got plans to find herself a mate. With her brother gone in his honeymoon she has the run of their resort to rent out only to available and eligible shifters. She's gone through the paces and has them all lined up."
"Of course, that must not have been enough."
"GEORGE TOWN — An operator of a workshop which was allegedly torn down by the Municipal Council of Penang Island failed in his attempt to present a replica of the workshop, a toilet and a bulldozer to Penang Chief Minister Lim Guan Eng on the first anniversary of the alleged incident in Jelutong here."
"Bag of sea shells"
"Remove from heat and let set. Just before serving, stir with a large fork to mix the rice with the meats. Top with the green onions and serve with hot red pepper sauce if desired and lots of hot, crusty French bread."
"I felt a little discouraged, but not yet defeated. As I noted before, we didn't have any intermediate-sized glasses, but that wasn't going to stop me from getting this man the exact right amount of milk. No, I needed to find a solution! That solution ended up being filling one of the large glasses halfway. It wasn't the prettiest way to present milk, but it got the job done."
"you so much"
"In the midst of this pain, is a new, and likely to be repetitive problem, unless I come up with a better plan–some kind of well-defined mission statement…"
"Umbo (1 gelatin silver print, 1927)"
"“Dad, I’m one of her servants. What if she comes to get me like the others?”"
"Choice Publishing also offer a full colour book package suitable for illustrated books such as a children’s book, but there are limitations to this package. The cost for this package is 1395 euro and includes the all the previous options."
"I am not perfect, but I strive to be! I am not good, but I hope to be! I am not loved, but I will be!"
"So yes I guess I brought this \"voluntarily quitting\" my career on myself because my marriage vows mean more to me than some job. I don't consider following PCS orders as \"voluntarily quitting\" but I guess everyone else in the free world does; including military spouses. I should just keep my mouth shut from now on on certain things, but people's responses REALLY got under my skin. I'd like to see them in my exact same situation where they are being told a little bit of financial help for their burden is what they are entitled too, only to find out they aren't AFTER they move 2000 miles away."
"Although no two years are alike, Hayes said, it’s important for Americans to be prepared for the worst."
"\"Bristol please don't put the WHOLE roll of toilet paper in the toilet, No, B you cannot scale the stairs, B stop pulling Gage's tail, Get out of what used to be my flower bed...\""
"The issues at the top of this page are small in comparison to the marketing ploys of charter schools. It is doubtful that anything of value will come from the CA State Board of Education ordering new rules in 2011 to clarify how charter schools are granted statewide operating privileges. The action comes in the wake of a July 2010 Court of Appeals ruling that found the CA State Board of Education improperly awarded statewide status to Aspire Public Schools, a charter school company founded in 2000. The reason: being aware versus wanting to believe."
"In this short introduction the students had shown that they has understood something that many academics and consultants seem totally blind to…the basics of human nature. Some things simply don’t change. Feelings of love, desire, our fears, our ambitions and the need to feel valued; all of these remain constant from one generation to another."
"For those unfamiliar with Ms. Mortimer, she is very much a product of the UES (Upper East Side) and a clothing designer in her own right. Below we see the designer in one of her own creation on the left, and in a Beyond Vintage piece on the right."
"Today is the first of May, and as promised, there's a free story for you to read. \"The Matryoshka Affair\" is a locked room murder mystery, featuring Ameriquetzlan ambassador and reluctant sleuth Ulrich Popoca and his partner-in-crime-solving, Countess (in-exile) Francesca Felluci. Click the link here or in the box to the right to read it. It'll only be available until the end of May, so get to reading!"
"27My feelings are strongly moved, and give me no rest; days of trouble have overtaken me."
"Take a quick look at the last sentence before the boilerplate was thrown in. and I quote “The Company’s prior guidance for revenue and free cash flow remains unchanged.” Ok so you got a block buster that will be increasing earnings per share but management says revenue and free cash flow will remain unchanged. Hmm. How is that possible on this scale? No additional cash flow for the biggest block buster since Harry Potter. The dots do not connect. At least not in a straight line."
"12. Give up your excuses. Send them packing and tell them they’re fired. You no longer need them. A lot of times we limit ourselves because of the many excuses we use. Instead of growing and working on improving ourselves and our lives, we get stuck, lying to ourselves, using all kind of excuses – excuses that 99.9% of the time are not even real."
"Coming soon to a neighborhood near you, Earth Day. Will you be “celebrating” Earth Day? I think I celebrate Earth Day nearly every day. I will to tell you how and why."
"A three strand pearl necklace will be given away on New Year's Day. All you need to do to have a chance of winning is leave a comment here. Come back on New Year's Day to see if you won!"
"I absolutely could not have won without you. You are the best readers a girl could ever ask for. Thank you, thank you, thank you!"
"I'm just waiting for the day one of those rides come crashing down because the bolt or the lug or the nut or the screw or the whatever it is that holds the whole thing together has gotten lodged in an unfortunate place and extricating it from Candy the Crack Whore is going to cost an additional $25. And let's face it, how many ride-putter-together people have an extra 25 bucks lying around? I mean, besides the 25 they shelled out for some late night companionship behind the taco/gyro/turkey leg wagon."
"‘But with me, he made it a big thing. The public love the judges and they’re going to go by what the judges say.’"
"Meanwhile, D will be at Pardes for the first year and the time thereafter will be determined as it grows closer. He may stay at Pardes, learn in the Beit Midrash at Bar Ilan, spend some time at HaMivtar, or explore a yeshiva we don’t know about yet. Only time will tell how the specifics all shake down. He does have conditional acceptance to what seems to be a perfect fit for a rabbinical school, however we are always exploring the programs we may not have previously known about so that we can both make our dreams come true."
"Freckles2: Glam Affair – Leah Freckles – C"
"I went to the latest Design Regina public forum Tuesday night, at Artesian on 13th Ave. That building is quite impressive inside, including a clever use of bathroom space downstairs. Check it out sometime."
"75. Animal Farm - George Orwell"
"5.Show your loveBuy her flowers or candy or perfume every now and then, even if u have been together for 5 years. It's wonderful to continue showing someone that u care for him or her. Cook him a special meal, paint him a Valentine's Day card. Knit him mini-socks he can't wear ( like for decoration purposes), buy him a packet of milk for breakfast, or pack his wardrobe for him...so he knows u can still be romantic and loving despite having been together for quite a while."
"7. Sequence 07 (02:43)"
"So for those of you who did not know I am a noob on the blog scene I have made this post for you to point and laugh at me. As for the rest of you, please ignore this post and move on to reading my previous post (Charlie 3)."
"Choosing a TV may simply be a trouble-free decision for some, but finding the perfect LCD TV could be challenging and demanding. This is the kind of TV where you will spend a big amount of your cash and where you will be getting big amount of entertainment. So better check these guidelines to ensure that what you will buy is a perfect fit your budget, home interior, and leisure taste."
"If 50 years from now, future generations could still count on the democratic process to be their guiding principle, no matter how imperfect it may be, then we would have arrived among nations"
"All kinds of things can happen in the forest. You can lose your friends - in an attempt to find them, one performer climbs another believing he is a tree, and stands on top of him, calling his name. You can fall asleep and turn into a grumpy bear. You can turn into a falling leaf, tossed by the wind."
"So just what constitutes “Holocaust denial”? Those who support criminal persecution of “Holocaust deniers” seem to be still living in the world of 1946 where the Allied officials of the Nuremberg Tribunal have just pronounced their verdict. But the Tribunal’s findings can no longer be assumed to be valid. Because it relied so heavily on such untrustworthy evidence as the Höss testimony, some of its most critical findings are now discredited."
"~Liz"
"His voice in me, the river’s turn that finds the"
"prisoner in Cuba"
"if I push me lips into me mouth,"
"\"Neutral ground, in the park,\" Doug said. \"I'll wait there with the puppy. You get Toby, and bring a tennis ball.\""
"The doctor will match up the set of symptoms to a disease label, and that will give him the correct column on the table of pills to sell. Later, the pills themselves will cause new symptoms, which will suggest to the doctor that additional pills are required."
"Moses"
"Just check out what the Honorable Louis McFadden, Chairman of the House Banking and Currency Committee had to say all the way back in the 1930s…."
"She was taken to Manatee Memorial Hospital for evaluation."
"Want to watch seasons 1 through 6 of The L Word? No problem. It's on DVD. Want to watch the complete first season of Dirt, starring Courtney Cox Arquette? No problem. That's on DVD too."
"But murders on farms, like murders in other places, take place from a variety of motives. To equate farm murders with “genocide” is simplistic."
"achieved related to goals."
"This is probably going to the the most biased review I’m ever going to write on this blog. There just aren’t enough words to describe how much I hate this book. I’ve been a long time Moon Knight fan against all odds. He’s never been all that popular of a character and is, in fact, typically considered a joke. But for some reason, something about him has always appealed to me. When I got back into reading comics back in 2008, I was thrilled that there was a solid, well done Moon Knight title coming out. And then it got cancelled in 2009. Vengeance of Moon Knight had a pretty strong start but quickly lost its way by the end of the series. Then we got the 3 issue Shadowland: Moon Knight tie-in. I really didn’t think it could get any worse than that steaming pile of crap. Boy was I wrong. Instead of actually trying something new with the character, Bendis simply imported his Ultimate rendition. Not literally of course, but he warped what was a solid concept (of an ex-mercenary who may or may not actually be crazy and who just wants to be seen as a hero), into a genuinely schizophrenic mess."
"I have finally gotten around to reading Journey to Ixtlan, the Lessons of Don Juan by Carlos Castaneda. Better late than never. The line which applies here is from Don Juan's observation \"Everybody thinks someone is doing something to them. But no one is really doing anything to anyone.\" We have to suppose that a huge majority willingly, consistenly, allows themselves to become pythons thinking pythons always triumph, let's go along with them to the bitter end. The problem with that is once the belly is satisfied it always craves more unless you personally reach for a higher relationship. It is up to us to to make that reach. Once you make it, you'll wonder why you didn't make it sooner. The timing doesn't matter, the reach alone matters. Being here matters. We were freely given a present of life, let's look further inside the box. There is a lot of good stuff in there we've cast aside because a fleeting authority of the moment decreed we look to them instead for our sustenance."
"Appreciatively yours, Steve Lemon"
"On the first warm day of the year a man was seen strolling up the Champs Elysées. He was wearing white stockinet plus fours with a green alpaca jacket and butterfly tie. Nothing very remarkable in that, perhaps, but with a little stroke of genius he had crowned the ensemble with a bowler hat. This gift for detail which seems surprising at first but then is seen to be inevitable, is the mark of the true artist, such as it is the glory of France to produce in great numbers."
"I know – I really am looking very attractive at the moment. Still, I’m the only person I know who has her own portable dot-to-dot drawing all over her body."
"Also the occasional night cap when you finally make it home."
"it was for the pure pleasure of seeing someone die from just being his sort of kind"
"location shape-shifting, helping as"
"Even some of the Victorian novelists are a bit heavy-going nowadays."
"USA Refused Bin Laden’s Capture February 27th 2001 ! James Corbett: The Truth About Terrorism! Governments Stage False Flag Attacks To Further Their Agenda! Cindy Sheehan: “If You Believe The Newest Death Of Osama Bin Laden YOU’RE STUPID!” Alex Jones: Red Alert – Help Stop False Flag Terror! Dr. Steve Pieczenik: “Today’s Terrorist is Tomorrow’s Statesman”! Alex Jones: Terrorism’s Big Dirty Secret! Fear And Hate Hype, Propaganda And Hoax! Greece Considers Exit from Euro Zone! Athens Mulls Plans for New Currency! Toby Conner: Greatest Profit Potential Still Ahead For Gold And Silver! Israeli TV Shows Palestinian Torture!"
"In light of all the recent storms, I thought I’d address my survival pack. By survival pack, I mean what I drag to the basement with me whenever the tornado sirens start going off and the wind picks up. And once all my stuff is IN the basement, I abandon it to stand out in the front yard until I’m bound to be swept away like Jonas’s truck in Twister. I know I can get into the basement fast, but it takes a little prep time to gather the items that mean the most to me. The pack has changed throughout the years based what’s important to me at that juncture of my life. SO here are my survival packs throughout the years:"
"It is certainly a very emotional movie because of the many conflicting thoughts and fears that Albert has, and it’s definitely heart-breaking to see these women being turned into men just to have an opportunity to either work or live life according to society’s standards. The piece certainly transcends its era, making bold statements that some will be able to relate to. My favorite scene in the film and I’m sure for everyone, will be when Albert and Hubert put on dresses and Albert starts running along the seaside. Her sense of liberty is so immense in those couple of moments it gives you a warm feeling inside, even if it was only for a moment."
"So be encouraged today. You are standing on Holy Ground."
"To view the latest specials and see the newest brochures you can always visit my website. But, at Katherines Corner you get much more than wonderful Avon news. You'll find recipes,craft projects stories and more."
"Overall = 3.6"
"Yes, my amazing mother has nominated herself as cake-maker extroadinaire for the wedding. This is no mean feat- prior to getting engaged I had a VERY clear idea of what I wanted when it came to the baked goods."
"I have been trying to think of something to post here texts-wise that could be read out or contemplated on this day. The surviving texts from the ancient world on Hadrian are not always flattering, and are rarely written in a way that was specifically intended to praise him. A great many inscriptions and other documents written by Hadrian have survived, but it doesn’t really seem fitting to post those either–as interesting as Hadrian’s Oil Law, or an advice letter to an imperial procurator on how to deal with overzealous tax collectors in Asia Minor, happen to be, they’re not exactly his “greatest hits,” as it were. He wrote a few poems, but the ones that have been preserved with certainty are also not things that seem adequate to the task for today."
"But last week we brought home this little lady! I'd visited this particular shelter several times, mostly just to visit the cats and look, and I'd had my heart set about a year ago on a kitty (who has since been adopted of course) and had a little bit of a feeling that I'd want one like her."
"And here is a shot of her (camera zoomed out) where I am standing right on the water's edge taking the picture."
"She was angry, and she posted a comment on the HE Facebook group expressing her fear that if the contents of the report became law, then a child would die, and Badman would have blood on his hands as a result."
"14,325 days down Memory Lane is a long time. I know we all wander down Memory Lane, and lots of what we remember during our travels back there end up on our blogs and sometimes those memories end up making us smile, or may end up hurting us in painful ways we thought we had forgotten."
"So now I am back at home, trying to get ready for school, trying to write out my progress reports (HA!), and trying to understand why? oh why? this happened. I know that there is a reason for everything, and I am going to rest in the fact that Tiny Tucker is in NO MORE PAIN and that I am sure he is up in heaven dancing and singing and hopefully enjoying a Sonic Drink!"
"obeedúid~"
"Friday - Out of town"
"From greenbaypressgazette.com: “Community Memorial Hospital honors Meyer with Values Award” – Community Memorial Hospital named Stephanie Meyer as the recipient of its Living Our Values award."
"4:45-- My School District Boot Camp."
"Ingredients: (one serving)"
"Michelle had what appeared to be symbolic blood at her breast (Wisdom) and womb (Rebirth), a Luciferian “Blood Feast Sacrifice” out of something like the Horror Classic, “Carrie”. Below, Malia is dressed in a pool of red, the Blood Sacrifice. Sasha (Alexandra the Great) was dressed in black for a funeral, the Luciferian sacrifice."
"Some will eye the huge blackened pot"
"It was a typical fall morning in Southern California. Sunny and comfortably chilly, a few cirrus clouds high above a light layer of smog. I was on my way to visit Marty at “Casablanca.”"
"Now, you see the table cover on that table? I bought that online. And since the importer I bought it from has my address now, I've been getting the printed catalog. I took these pictures and they're horrible but I didn't want to copy the pictures off the website for fear they'd follow me here."
"Assuming we can actually find it."
"\"The robots,\" she said. \"The robots are, they're talking to me.\""
"Once again I decided to make a Christmas card once a week following the sketch on Always Playing with Paper blog. They call it Merry Monday. Here's my card."
"Chanyeol clapping Baekhyun’s shoulder and sit beside him in a bamboo chair. Baekhyun lift up his face, showing a really sad aegyo face with tears start to fallin’, pale lips and his body shaking. Maybe this description is too much for a starving person. But baby bacon is just like that *over reacted*"
"Have you seen videos of the people at these concerts? They're usually rocking out and singing all of the songs. They're much more animated then some of the people at the concerts I've been to lately."
"The local farmer's market is coming to a close in a few weeks. The summer fruits are slowly being replaced by root vegetables and winter squashes. This year, I am trying to adopt a better attitude to the changing of the seasons. This means instead of looking at those root vegetables with disdain because they aren't summer fruits, I'm going to embrace them! Yesterday, carrots and sweet potatoes looked really good at the market, so I made them into this sweet soup. I made it early in the day, refrigerated it and served it cold along with a piece of whole wheat bread smeared with peanut butter. It was a yummy, healthy way to herald the first day of autumn."
"- Madonna and Britney snogged at the MTV awards;"
"“Are you alright,” he said, in a voice that was even more softer than his face. “We need to get you to hospital”"
"Now, Lia Faith. After spending two weeks with the flu, Lia had her first visit to the International Adoption Clinic on January 12th. She also had a visit with a pediatric neurosurgeon on the same day. Needless to say, it was a long day. We left for Birmingham around 7:00 am and returned around 5:00 pm. There were many needle sticks, pokes, prods, and failed attempts at pee pee in the potty along the way! The drive to Birmingham was fine - Lia Faith slept most of the way. She seems to have no aversion to riding in a car seat. Good news considering that she will be making the trek to Birmingham several times in the coming days, weeks, and months. We were a few minutes late for our first appointment, but it didn't matter. The doctor was over an hour behind schedule and it was only 9:00 am! We didn't see the neurosurgeon until 10:30 am and since our visit with Dr. Chambers was scheduled for 10:00 am, we were late for that one as well. The neurosurgeon's assessment went about like I expected, though we did hold out hope that he'd come in and say \"Oh, we can fix this here and now.\" That was certainly not the case. Lia has a fluid mass on the back of her head that was there when she was found. It is probably the reason she was abandoned outside a hospital. The docs want to get MRIs and perhaps a CT on it before doing anything. She will eventually have to have surgery to correct the problem and this may lead to complications itself. Needless to say, we would appreciate your prayers for Lia and for her doctors. She is currently scheduled for an MRI in February. She will be sedated for this, so that's going to be difficult for us. We'll know a little more by the end of February."
"25 - If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried."
"I went to see this movie, not knowing what to expect. the movie takes place in the future in a place called Panem. There has been some cataclysmic even that destroyed much of North America. Our heroine, Katness Aberdeen (Jennifer Lawrence) lives in District 12 which is the old Appalachia. There are dirty miners coming home from work, ramshackle houses, and a gate that keeps everyone inside."
"Tuesday was \"Fat Tuesday,\" \"Mardi Gras\" or \"Carnevale\" in Italian. After our school work and bowling, the kids decided to bake some delicious cookies to indulge in after dinner. :-)"
"Saturday, 4/28: 5 hours (So so – could have done better on a weekend)"
"and the day had just begun…."
"Sad to say my compiter is temporarily out of order….( maybe it was because i downloaded so many fonts and vectors…? Hmmmm?) But yeah, Im very sad about this. Now i have to post from my iPad which I have to say is not much fun… For those of you who have the wordpress app on the ipad you know what im talking about. I cant really edit my pictures or play with the font labels… Oh so sad."
"Don't answer that last one."
"What are your weekend plans?"
"“Hi honey. How do you feel? Did you take her out?”"
"And seemed in the way of improvement yet,"
"Sighned"
"I'm so happy that my kids love a little spice."
"“Do you know how much I love you?” he asked her."
"I made this card for my Mom...she's having a meniscus repair(knee)...and I know she'll definately be feeling trunky. My Mom and Dad go to Arizona in the winter, Canadian Snowbirds, when they're there...I order online stuff like crazy and ship it to their address. Shipping to Canada is a fortune sometimes...whereas...in the US...shipping is free mostly. They came home this month and one of my purchases was more My Pink Stamper stamps...I love these. I saw this sentiment and I couldn't resist."
"21 Click on the Scene 1 link above the layers to return to the main scene."
"Whilst the build period was stressful, Tom and Emily can look at their new home and be confident that it was all worth it. As Tom explains, “we knew that it was all in a good cause, and now the house is finished we’ve teamed up with Adam Clark to offer similar live/work designs to others. It’s an affordable concept for inner city living, and has transformed a piece of unloved land into a sustainable home we’re proud to live in.”"
"I know it's mostly my own fault. In Blogoland, you get what you give, and I've had little time in my life to spread my wings and visit other new places, let alone the places I've been before."
"I am almost 2 weeks behind on this post...story of my life!!!"
"Musical instruments"
"‘What’?"
"And at the same time, I'm plotting my return voyage to Vancouver, which is trees as thick as houses and jagged mountains and laburnum and raspberries growing like weeds. I like me a good mountain range."
"Chicken and Vegetables in Wine Sauce"
"2. Tej. What is it? you’re probably asking. It’s an Ethiopian honey wine, and it’s very good. It’s similar to mead, but it’s fermented with gesho, a variety of the buckthorn tree/bush. It’s common in Ethiopian restaurants (which are easy to find in New York, Washington D.C., and the Twin Cities) and it’s possible to make it at home. Can bars source it from their regular distributors? I have no idea. But a number of American wineries make it. Harry Kloman, a University of Pittsburgh professor who runs an exhaustive page on Tej, lists some in California and New York. Kloman also tells you where to find gesho (it’s generally around $7 a pound) and how to make Tej yourself. It’s actually really easy."
"Registration is open. Workshop Fee – $350"
"Asked what he believed his life song was, the inimitable Belafonte once remarked: \"The same melody. It just needs to be sung again. What it needs are more voices of harmony. It's a beautiful chord that everybody gets to sing in the same place at the same time with the same purpose. The song is the same: justice.\""
"Timing is so important. I was working on this film for ABC Family, and there is a music producer that we have worked with before and he’s always kind of on our minds but he happened to send us a track on the day we were looking for a top-40 dance track and it sounded exactly like what we wanted. It was such perfect timing and worked out so well, but had he done so two weeks before, it might not have happened. So, part of it is luck, in terms of getting the placement, but as well, it doesn’t hurt to ask. Typically I’ll say to someone, “hey check in next month, if you have some new stuff, or keep me posted on developments.” But the biggest thing I’d recommend is saying, “Hey can you add me to your music request list?” I’m reaching out to people when I need something, so when something comes up, I’ll reach out and I’ll put together a brief, outline the fee, the rights involved, the scene, etc, and I’ll blast that out to people that I think are appropriate. You want to be on that list. You want to stay on that list. At Arpix, that’s how we operate. Anyone else I can’t comment on, but I think it’s a pretty good system."
"Spaten Oktoberfest Ur-Marzen has a grainy smell in the bottle and pours a light tea color with a weak head and medium beading in the glass. The taste is vaguely of roasted nuts with a quick caramel finish. While I’m happy and proud that the allies kicked the snot out of a nation of people who allowed the Holocaust to take place I’m also glad the Reinheitsgebot remains in effect; this beer’s a keeper."
"Phew..that was kind of a marathon post...but my kids are at CCD and the Teacher is at Lowe's so it's nice and quiet this Sunday morning."
"The church should be the most exiting place in town. How can we move into miraculous ministry? First, recognize the necessity of supernatural ministry… Psalm 77:11-14 teaches… “I will remember the works of the Lord” (KJV). Psalm 103:2-3 reminds us to “forget not all His benefits.” The New Testament church was not designed to function on the natural level… 2 Timothy 3:5 tells how a form of godliness had taken over the church. Second, develop an attitude that moving in the miraculous is the will of God. It is not carnal to desire the supernatural. John 14:11-12… “The works that I do shall he do also.” Third, make a decision to pay the price for this powerful ministry… Earnestly seek (Hebrews 11:6, Luke 4:18-19)… Desire the best gifts (1 Corinthians 12). Fourth, be sensitive to the Holy Ghost (1 Corinthians 12:8-11)… The Holy Spirit is the dispenser of these gifts. Fifth, maintain a high level of faith in the Word (John 15:7, Joshua 1:8). Sixth, live a pure and holy life (2 Chronicles 16:9)… God is looking for someone to use. Uphold the purity of God within yourself. Seventh, cultivate boldness (Acts 4:29-30, 2 Timothy 1:7)… The Apostles prayed for boldness."
"“The conference is an innovative dialogue between the creative and the technical needs of our new era in the music industry. We will present new ideas and tools, as well as looking at what works from our traditional ways of doing business in the music sector. The empowerment of entrepreneurial creative people in our business full of new opportunities as well as challenges is inspiring and deserves special attention.”- Anna Hildur"
"So I hit \"Continue\" and find that in the Address field all that's listed is the full name of the recipient. This might make sense if there was anything after that, like a street address, but there is not."
"With Italian cinema (arguably) all but dead, how much hope do you have that we will ever see a full resurgence of these types of films coming out of Europe? Or will it just be a case of their influence being felt in the work of a new generation of filmmakers such as yourself?"
"- meringues"
"I think that last bit is important, and key to why I feel comfortable walking into new stores now--rather than hyperventilating and going beet red like before. To some extent, recognizing the purpose of a SA is the key to comfort. I adopt that wonderful French practice: I greet somebody when I enter. This tells the SA that I know s/he is there so they can go about their duties. Second, when approached, I explain my purpose. If it's to be fitted, I say so--if it's to look around, I say that too. My goal is to express my purchase intent (from on the horizon to right now) while being open to new ideas. When I leave, I thank someone, even if no one specific helped me."
"Now i know these images are weird but besides giant businessmen jumping and flying over city skylines, there’s one other type of stock photo that i just do not get, The fruit on your face photos, we’ve all seen them at least once."
"Lucky lets Johnson grass grow in their ditch. They don’t cut the grass. They don’t pick up the yard. They let the paint peal off the outside of their house. They don’t got no sidin’ like the Jefferson’s do. They don’t invest in their home. They don’t take pride in it. They allow junk to accumulate. It’s scattered all over the place. It looks like a junkyard with a couple of old cars left out back. And I repeat the Johnson grass has taken over. With crab grass and goat heads, it’s a gotdamn mess ‘cept the horny toads love it."
"Go into a bookstore or library. Pick any bookshelf. Read the third book from the left on the fourth shelf from the top. (If it’s not at least 200 pages, pick the next book to the right.)"
"At first, it was because I was working on so many DIY projects, but then it became something more and immensely liberating. I haven’t officially deleted anything yet, though, because I know from a marketing.networking standpoint I need to maintain as many connections as I can; but for the time being I’m happy to be socially ‘free’."
"Places We Are Going/People We Are Seeing: Yesterday we had a baby shower for my Sister In Law. It was so much fun. My brother and his wife came in from out of town for the shower. The girls helped put it all together along with my Mom, my two Aunts, and my cousin. It was nice to see family I had not seen in a while. We also celebrated Happy Hearts Day this week with family, which was a blast! Ash had her second dog training lesson with Bella. They are both doing very well."
"Do not let the water run while showering. At the shower head, turn on the water to get wet, turn off the water while you soap, turn on the water to rinse off. Don’t let the water run while brushing your teeth or while washing."
"1. Peter Guralnick’s lastTrain to Memphis/Careless Love ( I count these 2 books as one since they are part 1 and 2)"
"And, because you might be looking for a great new dish to cook, here is Bennett's addition to his class cookbook:"
"“Couldn’t the police control them?” I ask."
"I loved her post about just throwing together a blog post and"
"*Place an ottoman with sleek legs in front of the sofa to off-set the sofa's skirt."
"- Before popping the bread into the oven, I slashed the tops with the lame and rubbed some oil into the slash."
"It also has a heavy personal resonance in that, my dad's sperm and my mum's eggs and womb aside, I made me. Of course, I inherited DNA and other elements that influence me but I made me and only I have the power to destroy me. The feeling that your life is in your hands and that you can make it or break it and that no excuses should be made, or blamed laid for failures and foibles. The same goes for life's successes, they do not belong to anyone but you, they can be shared but you did them."
"Next up, we have an altered canvas by Birgit Koopsen. Can you say WOW? That background with the mixed colors and embossed stars is simply amazing!"
"\"Anything but a Card\" with the optional of tags for Christmas."
"I hope you all enjoyed the post, and I’ll see you later."
"Duncan Gathering is font type - \"Pristina\""
"In 1920 he put together his own band, with whom he recorded in 1925. That same year he also scored a gig on radio broadcasting with Art Hickman's orchestra; this ensemble toured the U.S., then did an extended residency in Florida. After some time in New York City, Fox and Arnheim reconvened in Hollywood, working at the Ambassador Hotel, and Fox continued to broadcast with his own bands. During this time he also did a number of film soundtracks. In 1930 Fox was invited to perform in London, which he first did on September 29, 1930. He recorded on the BBC that year, and when his band returned to the U.S. the following spring, Fox remained behind, recording with a new group for Decca Records and accepting an engagement at the Monseigneur restaurant in Piccadilly. He lost this contract in November 1931 when he fell ill with pleurisy and traveled to Switzerland for a stay at a sanatorium. Upon his return he put together yet another group composed entirely of new members aside from trumpeter/vocalist Sid Buckman, and performed in Belgium as well as the UK. Art Christmas played a variety of instruments in this band. He made the films On the Air and Big Ben Calling in 1933-34, recorded for HMV in 1936, and toured Europe until 1938, when he fell ill again.\""
"A chapter later in 1 Kings, we learn more: \"And God gave Solomon wisdom and understanding beyond measure, and largeness of mind like the sand on the seashore, so that Solomon's wisdom surpassed the wisdom of all the people of the east, and all the wisdom of Egypt. For he was wiser than all other men, . . . And men came from all peoples to hear the wisdom of Solomon, and from all the kings of the earth, who had heard of his wisdom.\" (1 Kings 4:29-31,34)"
"“Many have tried, but none have been permitted beyond these walls since the fall. At least I had thought as much until a little girl found me in the desert wearing a sacred relic I thought lost.”"
"If anything, the Beta Weekend has gotten me even more excited for Guild Wars 2 to launch. I have since started back up with the original Guild Wars to try to get 30/50 in my Hall of Monuments. Some of the rewards just look so cool I can’t resist!"
"Seasoning :"
"I'm fine now. I was just having a little meltdown. Some growing pains, as it were. But all is well and my mottos of the day are \"Begin\" and \"Stay in the moment.\" I'm having trouble beginning projects because the all seem so large. But, yesterday I bought an adorable bookcase in the shape of a dollhouse that I'm going to repaint and sell. I almost gave up on it before ever beginning, though."
"…joy as they silently & hiddenly spent their days, their lives, for the Lord and all His people in prayer and penance?"
"Egg - 1"
"Did you have a grand exit from your ceremony or are you planning one?"
"Anyway, onto the business at hand. So according to Weight Watchers (WW), a woman of my height (which is 5 foot 6 inches) should weigh anywhere from 124 to 155 pounds. Just to meet the high end of that range, I will have to lose 79 pounds. And yes to all of you math geniuses out there I did more or less just inform all of cyberspace what my weight is. Since the conception of this blog, I struggled with whether or not I was going to put it out there. I struggled actually right up until this very second. But I figured since one day I will be featured in the \"success story\" section of WW Magazine or the \"weight loss\" issue of People magazine (on stands now by the way), I would have to share it anyway seeing as they literally just put those three numbers out there in black and white (for the rest of us who are inept at math) for the whole world to see."
"And now it's time to let it through"
"At the time, I was very young - I could report what I saw, but I couldn’t tell you what something meant. Coming to live in the so-called First World allowed me to see my world from different eyes. I can’t say I am wiser – but certainly, it was easier to see the stark contrasts between a developing country like the Philippines and comfortable, cozy England."
"JayBee Anama"
"I am going to assume that NBC will not produce 22 eps of Smash next year. As is, 15 proved to more of an undertaking and even with that amount, there was much criticism of the quality in storytelling. They could always spread 15 eps through February, but my guess is they’re gonna want to take advantage of NFL Sunday and Voice Monday to launch a new hit after The Voice in the fall and use The Voice Winter season (I assume there will be 2 next year) to bring back Smash OR move it to Tue either in fall or Winter."
"To close, I would say this is overall a very pedestrian attempt at novel writing. But that would be very rude. To the pedetrians. So instead, I reckon you rent in a 1970s Bollywood DVD instead of reading this… this… thing."
"-getting sunburnt"
"That’s just one of the things that didn’t make the cut for my “Commandments for Working Out” article. It’s a great read for everyone who needs the basics. Even I have to remind myself of these from time to time (and I’ve been doing this for the better part of a decade)."
"-Ashley Maguire & Curtis Waugh"
"Such thinking goes back at least as far as Max Weber’s argument that an effective business environment requires a legal structure as predictable as a clock. Investors, it is thought, need clear rules and effective courts. Security of contract and strong mechanisms that protect investors are, in this view, foundational for finance, which in turn fuels economic growth. If a potential financier is unsure of being repaid, he or she will not invest, firms will not grow, and economic development will stall. Rules and institutions come first; real economic development follows."
"Well, today I would like to talk about punishment. That was usually my mom’s job, although I do remember getting spanked by my dad once, after we broke the bed (he did warn us a few times not to be jumping on the bed). My dad was usually either at work, asleep, or at the cantina, so he really never had the chance to punish us. Don’t get me wrong I love my dad, God rest his soul, but my mom did most of the parenting."
"School food is familiar to the Whirlwind as she lives at school during the week. She also gets fed extremely well there. There are not a lot of boarders at her school and the kitchen staff seem to understand girls and their eating habits."
"Growling stomach."
"If you’re going to leave early, could you do it before I enter my coma-like blissful state? Also, to the yoga teacher who once told the class “don’t think about your laundry, your dishes or all the other things you need to get done”, that had the exact opposite effect."
"Under the Song (A.D. 960–1279) and Ming (A.D. 1368–1644) dynasties, new medical schools were established, their curricula and qualifying examinations were standardized, and the traditional herbal prescriptions were written down and collected into encyclopedias. One important difference between the development of medicine in China and in the West is the greater interest in the West in surgical procedures and techniques."
"What a fun few hours we had."
"I am at work. My half day a week in an office. Young people, older bosses, a pregnant woman I see and imagine the weeks, months, years ahead. I talk to her occasionally: she spends a lot of time waiting for lifts and coming and going and leaning and puffing out her cheeks. I don’t want to tell her too much of course, so I just tell her my wife was the same. She wouldn’t know I had a child if I didn’t tell her that. The office is one of the few places I have no link to childcare. I am not a stay at home dad there."
"Caine took this to mean that once he left the temple he was free to fraternise with females who chirped at him and stick his tongue into their honey pots. I think he got laid in the first episode of Kung Fu, after a woman he shacked up with said he must have “other needs” apart from “food and a place to sleep”. It has since been acknowledged that telling a woman you only need food and a place to sleep is a brilliant seduction technique. Women love to fuck men who don’t want to fuck them."
"Jesus said to him, “You have judged rightly.” Then, turning toward the woman, he said to Simon, “Do you see this woman? I entered your house, you gave me no water for my feet, but she has wet my feet with her tears and wiped them with her hair. You gave me no kiss of greeting, but from the time I entered she has not stopped kissing my feet. You did not anoint my head with oil, but she has anointed my feet with perfumed oil. Therefore I tell you, her sins, which were many, are forgiven, thus she loved much; but the one who is forgiven little loves little.”"
"Cue the angels singing. (I almost wrote “angels signing” – which would be OK too.)"
"The politicians and attorneys would scurry away like cockroaches, scared of the light, and actually afraid of being in power. Only an honest man would take on a public position such as this. And the opportunistic slime who currently inhabit the bureaucracy of the Federal Government would quickly crumble and fade away."
"Hey y'all (in my best Paula voice) it's time to pick a winner! But first, I just wanted to thank you all for all of your sweet and encouraging words, and for those of you who donated actual dollars, THANK YOU!! It really means so much to me and my family to have your support. This has been a hell of a last two years for us, and we're are excited to see what the future holds for Kate and having this kind of support really helps!"
"If you are using the wrong type of paper with your Copics, you are going to get very frustrated with the outcome!"
"I told him I couldn't do this and how he was acting made me feel like he didn't love me and how he was acting proved he had given up and that the work I need him to do to make this work, I know he is unwilling to do. He said he would leave, then refused, and then kind of shut down and refused to talk. We had therapy on the 4th and I started out with \"I asked him to leave\". Now my therapist being the lady she is .. very blunt... asked if I really wanted him to leave. I said yes."
"Between weddings, babies, jobs, life in general we finally agreed to stop the nonsense."
"great shells shrieking as they pass,"
"Peter and Bobby Farrelly have been working on this movie since 1999. According to David Germain, an AP movie critic, the brothers “never wanted to tinker with the Stooges.” Dennis Lim in the New York Times agrees, saying the brothers “strove for absolute fidelity to the original.” CBS News also cites their “loyalty to the subject.”"
"It may be that Gingrich is growing more obstinate due to the calls from the public and Team Santorum to suspend his race as there is no clear way in which, at this point, Gingrich can win the delegates necessary to do much of anything – he is headed into Ron Paul territory with each primary or caucus. It is difficult to imagine that a politically savvy individual like Newt Gingrich would be doing this out of some sort of “spite”; however, one might see him doing so for political position. While these “rumors” of a Romney Gingrich (taking one for the team, so to speak) alliance pick up steam, the former Speaker is doing little to mitigate the mounting circumstantial evidence that he is either crazy (not likely) or in bed with Romney. It happened before, in 2008 Romney considered Newt Gingrich as a V.P. Running Mate, although a bit premature considering he failed to get the nomination(Desert News)"
"Sorry for the absence, but I had a temporary reassignment that put me in a position that didn't exactly give me a wealth of tales to relate, but now I'm back on the street with a new squad of officers and the stories are about to start rolling again because these guys are kicking ass and taking names out there. So stay tuned and I promise to make up for the dearth of posts these last several months."
"1. Brussels sprouts."
"A very pretty lemon-yellow."
"....so funny"
"I'm enjoying being mindful of what I can find blooming at this time of year. On the way to the mailbox this morning, I spied this dandelion. A little while later, I saw a honeybee on another, which made me happy."
"Truly, everything happens for a reason and each encounter that we face has a very beautiful story to tell, if we only allow ourselves to introspect."
"For fiscal years 2012 and 2013, The Act expresses its basic adjusted discretionary spending limits in two categories: Security and non-security. The spending limits for all subsequent years (2014 – 2021) are aggregate sums."
"Nibbles Darwin xx"
"This frosting was the perfect consistency for piping. I then just colored the frostings as I went along (the biggest time sucker)."
"Our Oklahoma CareerTech has changed their website. I don’t know if your “old” link to Brainbench works but please bookmark https://dpt.okcareertech.org/pfccsecu/bb.student.login.dptw as the site for the Brainbench exams."
"Fortunately, it all worked out fine. Better than fine actually - the dip received a ton of compliments and there were several requests for the recipe! The spicy level was good for me, there was some heat, but not so much my mouth was on fire. Like I said, though, I'm a wimp about spicy foods, so if you love them, I might recommend adding another jalapeno. Shane and I usually host a Super Bowl party every year, and I have already decided I'm adding this to the menu. Now I just need to cross my fingers that we'll be cheering for the Patriots when the time comes!"
"Next is The Maze Runner trilogy. The first book was genius, and I’m sure the second one will be too (the second book is currently occupying everywhere I go :D). I can’t wait to read the third and final one."
"So Lee is giving himself a well-deserved pat on the back for planning this trip to Paris. Our hotel is awesome, and about a 5- or 10-minute walk from the Arc de Triomphe if you know which direction to go. We've walked ALL OVER Paris for the last couple days and we've seen some amazing things, so lots of wonderful pictures when we get back. But here's just a few from our first two days to make you jealous."
"By Aldous Huxley"
"1/4 cup low-sodium chicken stock"
"i'm excited about it and love to share things i'm excited about!!"
"In recent years, cloud computing has become the buzz word when talking about the future of traditional organisational server technologies. The actual term itself is a vague mash of several concepts but has found a solid footing in strategic IT thinking and planning for new application and service deployments. From this footing, market trends are starting to show a growing uptake which likely means that it will become an increasing proportion of service portfolios for organisations world-wide."
"However, what is interesting is that Red Toryism did more to attract Lib Dem voters than Labour ones as the values of localism, small business, and volunteerism are more Lib Dem than Labour. It is interesting that Labour are trying to put these into Blue Labour as voters for these values are not Labour voters (yet). So Blue Labour is as much as attracting Lib Dem votes as it is Tory ones."
"Directly juxtaposed with that, there's the movement for what's become known as \"Free-Range Kids\" (see links at start of post). In free-range parenting, much like free-range chicken raising, ones chicks are encouraged to roam unrestricted. Sometimes metaphorically. Anyway, the point is that your dog is penned up and your kid is loose, or the dog is in a stroller and the baby's on a leash, or one of them is wearing the others' booties. They're also probably both drinking from the same water dish and likely sharing a biscuit."
"It is designed to be easy to do at the child's pace. The available teacher's manuals lay out easy lessons and review to do with the child at the beginning of each chapter. The optional flash cards are well worth the cost, as they are called for in most lessons. After the lesson comes multiple pages that review each specific concept. Each book also contains both a pre and a post test, helping both parent and child see how much progress has been made."
"3. Flatten Spinach mixture on your palm and put paneer balls in center of spinach to make kofta."
"Looking forward to next year!!"
"I'm still laughing, I had to call Chris at work and make him laugh."
"“It’s fine I’m fine.”"
"With the cameras down there had been a number of concerned posts on the blog, as well as on Twitter and Facebook. There had also been a transatlantic call from a concerned Peregrine Cam watcher in New York, desperate for some positive news."
"\"Do you want to just ridicule me? Because if so, we're done here.\"Or how about this one:"
"I have no paintings or drawings to show for this week. Nope, not a one. I did the work. Yes, I did! I just have no intention of showing them. Nope."
"Japanese Monster Invasion (Room 153, 9-10PM) -- AZ's top Japanese Monster \"Kaiju\" experts examine the cross cultural phenomenon entrancing fans for years. From Godzilla and beyond and from the rise of the Kaiju in its earliest incantations to modern day interpretations. Panelists: Damon Foster, Nate Yapp. The convention is taking place at the Phoenix Convention Center and memberships are still available at the Phoenix Comicon website. Hope to see some of you there!"
"The throes of a ravished heart, now will thou gauge and this blade of thy unrequited love will end thine days “"
"Scatter the pine nuts or almonds over and eat away."
"17 So if you consider me your partner, give him the same welcome you would give me if I were coming. 18If he has harmed you in any way or stolen anything from you, charge me for it. 19 I, Paul, write this in my own handwriting: “I will repay it.” And I won’t mention that you owe me your very soul!"
"\"There's a lot of humour in the music, but a lot of people home in on the disturbing side. It's got really disturbing on this tour. People have come to hate me. A guy in Oslo kept trying to assault me. I got a letter from another guy who basically blamed me for all his problems. He'd bought all the records, and he was basically accusing me of sending him over the edge.\""
"To me those moments are what life is all about. When you find something that can provide you with such an experience that the moment you turn away you feel compelled to turn around and run back to it."
"A Bloomberg article says “100,000 farmers lost about 58 billion yen ($694 million) by March 1 [2012], or 25 percent of production” ( here). What the report does not do is list a detailed breakdown of the numbers showing fear among Japanese consumers, product restrictions by the Japanese government and restrictions by foreign governments. Without this information one has difficulty in knowing who lost what and why."
"To remember your dream."
"Pro liar"
"We love food and heating things up in the microwave and basically we would like to share some of our offerings with you. So without further delay…Feast your eyes on our picturesque dinning options and like we always do on Thursday “Best Caption Wins Something”:"
"DOUBLE WHOOPEE (1929) ***"
"treat in his lunches, but they"
"3,700: Number Of Tax Delinquents Who Received Stimulus Funds.(Government Accountability Office, April 2011)"
"In the Indian tradition there’s a term for events that make an impression: karma. Literally the word means “action” in Sanskrit, but karmas are actions that change us, for good or ill, by leaving a memory that causes action to change in the future. For the moment we won’t talk about the Law of Karma, which says that actions are balanced in the cosmos between good and evil, or as the New Testament states it, “as you sow so shall you reap.” Here, I’m only concerned with the stressful side of karma, by which certain life events make a deep impression while others don’t."
"The plain, undeniable fact is that there are double standards in the way justice is doled out in Northern Ireland."
"So, I guess that means, NHK as the national TV station and maybe a representative of the Japanese people (?) does not welcome foreigners and is definitely not the place to ask for help in regard to foreigners …"
"The best thing was that I discovered a new place in this state to love. (I'm proudly collecting those places like marbles in a jar since my heart expanded to fit Arizona about a year and a half ago.) True, I regretted we were not back hiking South Mountain at first, but then on the gentle winding trails in Usery Mountain Park, I found the true beauty of the Sonoran Desert with all its plant life diversity, and I knew South Mountain couldn't rival it. And I found a couple of famous individuals that I really associate with the West. Actually make that three....uh, four."
"Pondexter was held to two points in the first half of play, broke the halftime tie with the first eight points of the third quarter. The Chicago-native had back-to-back three’s to help the Liberty open up a 48-42 lead. The Liberty’s defense let them down on this night though, allowing the Sky to shot 49% during the course of the night."
"Sure, this little baby can't even turnover, and communicate in a language that adults can understand, but thanks to new research, it is clear that these little babies are talking in a satanic language."
"Yes, that was not a typo. I saw a baby – a freaking infant of about eight months old – swiftly swim right past me towards shore. What is this, lamaze?! In that dream, I actually almost drowned in shock at the sight but, thankfully, I was able to wake up. So weird to die in a nightmare of seeing an eight month old baby singlehandedly swim in a deep blue ocean… and him/her not even bothering to help drowning adult moi. I have no idea where that baby came from… hopefully not from me!"
"I am old and need to remember."
"The album features many of Richie’s classic songs, that have been redone slightly with some new voices. It features artists such as: Willie Nelson (Easy), Shania Twain (Endless Love), Blake Shelton (You Are), Sugarland’s Jennifer Nettles (Hello) and so many more."
"I’ve used the “Two Turtle Doves” image which is part of the 12 Days Of Christmas set that will be released soon, and is also part of the grand prize."
"I actually found it to be really different, compared to the more usual type of high school stories that I've read in the past. Having been part of the adventure of raising two teenagers in my own life, I have great affection for teens, and enjoy reading about them. I have also maintained my taste in young adult literature, and this young adult book was a really excellent read!"
"after the rains some weeks ago. It was really rough with sharp"
"Exactly one year after Osama bin Laden was killed, president Obama made a brief surprise visit to Afghanistan tonight and gave a speech from the Bagram air base in Kabul about the future strategic cooperation between America and Afghanistan."
"Superintendent Matthew Khaile was detained on May 14 after he allegedly tried to solicit a bribe from a resident, who reported him to the police."
"Missiles on rooftops and heaths are not reassuring, they are ludicrous and give the impression that the government has not only lost the plot, but lost control. If we get to the stage where we are blowing things up ourselves in the name of safety, then God help us all."
"We didn't have a 'closet', so we hang our clothes off a branch suspended from the ceiling by two pieces of rope."
"Divide batter between cake pans and level with offset or rubber spatula. Bake until deep golden brown, cakes pull away from sides of pans, and toothpick inserted into center of cakes comes out clean, about 30 minutes (rotate cakes after about 20 minutes). Do not turn off oven."
"Hello all. As you know I use a lot of music to get me going while I write. Most of the time, it provides great inspiration for my characters as well as certain scenes they’re involved in."
"Consecutive losses to Pittsburgh and Washington to end the regular season do not concern me. Nor does not winning the President's Trophy. None of that would have changed anything. The 2011-2012 regular season will still go down as one of the greatest campaigns ever in Blueshirt history."
"Let’s break the silence and put an end to abuse."
"One of the reason for going to Sicily was to join an event organised by Aleksandar Markovic, founder of the Cigars and Professional Group on Linkedin (see here). The event name was already very appealing (the Luxury of Taste) and promised good food, drinks but above all, for me at least, cigars."
"Christmas decorating begins early for the Ticos. The local warehouse store puts its lights, ornaments and trees up for sale in August. (No kidding!) Christmas candy starts showing up about this time as well. By mid-November a lot of families have their trees, wreaths made of cypress leaves and coffee berries, and soon there are sparkling lights twinkling across the valley at night. This year the new section of the mall has a terrific tree three stories high, and just yesterday I saw Santa outside the local supermarket dancing the salsa with a pretty brunette elf."
"5. Spread the roasted eggplant evenly into a 13×9 inch baking dish (or 2 8×8 pans.) Spread the lamb filling over the eggplant, then pour the bechamel evenly over the top. (At this point the casserole can be covered and refrigerated for up to 2 days.)"
"For angels died where we have been,"
"This was an amazing drugstore find for me, especially on sale and for free with my Optimum points! Definitely worth repurchasing, perhaps in some of the other shades I highlighted earlier – what do you think?"
"A taxi honks to get by the pedestrians"
"In a hard hitting article Robert Fisk has effectively trashed the ‘deranged’ soldier defense of Bales. The word being put out was that he was under stress from four tours—three in Iraq before the one in Afghanistan—and that the strain unhinged him. It is also being said that he was an ‘even tempered soldier’, a family man and not the stereo type of a killer. What about the others who have committed atrocities? Were they all deranged by stress? What about the chain of command—is it so malfunctional that it cannot detect deranged characters and prevent them from leaving fully armed securely guarded facilities without detection? General Karimi the Afghan Army Chief has debunked the lone madman theory and has clearly stated that this was a deliberate planned killing and many soldiers were involved. This was also Pakistan’s conclusion when its border post was attacked and 24 soldiers killed. Is there a ‘rogue’ segment in the US military in Afghanistan or are criminals and killers being recruited to do the killing because it is a volunteer force and serving in it would appeal to those who have nowhere else to go. This could explain the muted response to US deaths in wars that should never have been."
"Nickels 2"
"basket E43, E47"
"It was about that time Alex blurted out incredulously, \"Are we still talking about Lucien???\""
"- If charity donation is made compulsory, doesn't it become a tax?"
"The Crusher"
"I'm very tired today. Too tired to be creative or come up with pretty words. So I'm going to cut right to the chase."
"Red jersey tunic: Isabella Oliver"
"Brett Wheeler who many will remember as a 6 foot 28 inch tall former Boomer turned his considerable artistic skills towards creating the illustrated map and other arty bits while Leah Dare, a friend of Kate’s, created the poster logo and put the guides together."
"As a music consultant, sometimes, I do tell certain people they may want to consider a different name that is easier to spell, pronounce or find online. So basically, stay away from the self dubbing, let a nickname come to you from another source or from a series of other sources that are not directly related to you."
"And what a great Mother's Day gift this would make!"
"'The palm for Christmas-stocking books seems to have passed recently to popular science, with best selling titles every year such as Why Don’t Penguins’ Feet Freeze? This year there has been a gallant attempt at a historical fight back. Scotland: 1,000 Things You Need to Know(Atlantic Books, £12.99) asks (and answers) such post-turkey questions as ‘How many kings of Scotland died in their beds?’, ‘Who on earth decided that the Declaration of Arbroath was the cornerstone of modern democracy?’ or ‘Why is iron brew spelled Irn-Bru?’ Mark Mazower,History Today; The Best of History in 2008, December 2008"
"btw, if this doesn’t correspond with your thinking, I recommend that you read Oriana Fallaci’s The Force of Reason. Now there’s an atheist who has long since experienced a baptism of desire… it’s only her personal witness of the corruption of Catholicism which keeps her where she is…"
"She's aiming for 1000!! If you visit her blog you'll see the 143 she's already received. I think there's a Flickr group too (and Facebook)."
"If you can’t agree on something, then don’t talk about it – a perfect example of what happens when Consensus is enshrined above all else. I suppose that proves their point. “Well, wasn’t the lack of consensus what caused the unpleasantness in the first place?” I suppose; if everyone had agreed to be run by the Germans, there wouldn’t have been war. Peace is a value equivalent to Consensus; if they made statues today of allegorical figures, you wouldn’t have Truth and Justice, but Consensus and Peace. A continent run by Nazis would be technically peaceful, since the internal repression wouldn’t be regarded as a breach of peace. They could burn every untermensch from the Urals to the Portuguese shore, but as long as one government controlled everything, and wasn’t at war with another discrete political entity, there would be Peace."
"The appearance and reappearance of various tragic characters. So much plastic surgery."
"Tomorrow (May 1st) is our Special Olympics. I am so excited… it feels like Christmas! I am a big ol’ emotional baby when it comes to stuff like this. I will have my camera and will be taking loads of pictures of all the Olympians. I am hoping to post some pics (generalized un-labeled pictures) for you all to see."
"Time can stop him."
"Trells Bells – Jordan Queen of LA"
"Investigations referenced in the Pakistan Daily Mail by Sabrina Elkani and Steve Nelson indicate that, rather than hunt terrorists who have been killing Americans, these groups have actually taken key militant leaders into Afghanistan where they are kept safe and even offered medical treatment by the United States military."
"Imagine my excitement while at my Uncles’ when I found these few photographs. I think the first three photos were taken for the postcards. a little before my time, but certainly not by much, as everything is exactly as I remember it."
"I imagine the strife today may be between what Big Boy wants to do and what myself and my Dear One want. Big Boy is interested in cars, trucks, buses, motorbikes, fire engines... you get the picture. Whereas we'd rather go for a walk on the local heath, surrounded by green. Still, we'd also rather not deal with a tantrumming child, so I'm guessing a walk along the High Street may well be in our future. There may also be something about juggling what my Dear One and I each wants, and whether it feels like a battle to both get our needs met..."
"“Got yourself an admirer there, I've never seen anyone get served so quickly in this place on a Friday night!”"
"I can testify that the four extra weeks that the church gave me last summer were crucial weeks in breathing a different spiritual air. And when we take time away from the press of duty, Spurgeon recommends that we breathe country air and let the beauty of nature do its appointed work."
"For Hysteric Glamour at 1500~4000yen"
"8. Chapinlandia - Ferrocarril de Los Altos"
"Here’s my cycle from tonight. I’m getting faster with every cycle so that’s something to be happy about too!http://connect.garmin.com/activity/122908466"
"Books!! I love craft books, just flicking through them is so relaxing. I can't wait to try making a bag, my finishing has always left a lot to be desired so I'm hoping now that I have access to the proper techniques I can make a bag that looks lovely! I also received some stitch markers from my mum, but I forgot to take a photo. I'm sure you'll see them on a WiP at some point :) I also received lots of other bits and bobs too like chocolate, a very pretty dress, a lovely cardigan, some strawberry and cream tea, a couple of fiction books ( the Thursday Next series if you're interested. I highly recommend it!) and many more lovely little things :)"
"Rennet/Rennin – Enzyme from calves’ stomachs. Used in cheese-making, rennet custard (junket), and in many coagulated dairy products. Alternatives: microbial coagulating agents, bacteria culture, lemon juice, or vegetable rennet."
"9) favorite costume?"
"She also received a First Holy Communion Madame Alexander First Holy Communion doll “with brown eyes” from Nana and Guka which she took to Mass."
"it - so don't waste time energizing your frustration and anger over"
"eBooks have overtaken their paper equivalents in terms of sales from the Amazon US store and I is my guess that the same is going to happen here and that ebooks are about to take off. This is going to allow independent author a direct and simple route to market, so people like myself can have a crack at putting some work out there."
"And, if you’re hosting a Derby Day party – don’t forget a fabulous invitation to make a strong impression from the start! Here are a few of our favorite Derby-inspired invitation designs."
"-post 11 random things about yourself."
"I need a new book to read. I may try one of husband's somber tomes for a change. His choice of books is ubercerebral where mine is pure escapism/entertainment. I read shit, he reads classics. Snore. At least it makes him easy to buy for so far as books are concerned."
"oppressions such as severe depression as spirits enter their homes."
"But in the meantime, I probably do need to publish something, and I probably need to make some progress on that front this summer. Only it's not absolutely necessary that I do so today. Or tomorrow. Or on any given day, really. So it's ridiculously easy to turn into a complete slug who can't even maintain a blog properly. (You'll notice the near-complete silence since April's Shakespeare blogging. Somehow I could do that while teaching four classes with four different preps, but take away that structure, and it all goes to hell.)"
"Urgent joining in Mexico."
"Heartburn: Like a mother."
"And then - as always – the conversation spun off at several tangents. We talked about what would happen if women ruled the world. About how to make teenage girls feel good about themselves. About make up and clothes and whether they matter and how much women dress for themselves and how much for men. We talked about cosmetic surgery, boob jobs in particular, and who’d have one. Then Red brought out a magnificent meringue cake, spread with home-made lemon curd and covered with edible gold dust, and Natasha presented her with a personalised cookery book, made up of Book Club members’ pictures and recipes, and made an emotional speech about how much they'd miss her. Red talked about how she’d loved Book Club, how much it meant to her, how it was the thing she’d miss most when she left Amsterdam. I felt very pleased with myself for nominating her."
"If the collapse of civil order accompanying the onset of our Muslim Troubles is on the scale that we predict, deploying the British Army will be the only way the government can try to restore a semblance of order in the worst-afflicted areas. Though the police will of course be playing a supplementary role, by themselves they will be utterly overwhelmed by the scale of what confronts them, just as the RUC was overwhelmed by the rioting in Belfast and Derry in the summer of 1969."
"I was comfortably settled in the hotel chair trying to concentrate on a book when I heard the soft knock I'd been waiting for. I couldn't wipe the grin off my face as I answered the door and let you in."
"Well the Gypsy ladies of my imagination have had a lot of fun making garlands to decorate their dresses."
"Friday, June 1 & Saturday, June 2: JazzU with special guest Tim Warfield"
"I wanted to make them a special pudding though . . . or, rather I wanted to make the Toddster a special pudding . . . you all know how much he likes pasta of any shape or form . . . and I wanted to make up for the mac and cheese!"
"This is analogous to the public humiliating by Maulana Mufti and a talk show host of Veena Malik for her candid moments with Ashmit Patel on the Indian reality Show, \"Bigg Boss\" - a virtual flogging of sorts for public consumption - which she brought upon herself, according to the rape myth, because she acted like a slut."
"...or will I be doing periodic repairs?"
"Soon her husband is home"
"My carafe has a lovely, err, tannish tint to it these days. There are occasionally individual coffee grounds that stick to the bottom. The coffee rings that usually show up on your desktop? They’re at the bottom of my carafe. I figure brewing a pot of very hot coffee scalds away the badness (I don’t know, mold spores?) and the seasoned pot adds, umm, irony? I haven’t been covering it with aluminum foil, but I have been doing the smear-it-with-oil thing. I don’t use oil, I use Jameson, but seems to work."
"Fortunately, I did have everything I needed for this recipe from Cook's Illustrated - well, mostly. I substituted frozen blueberries for fresh since there was only a handful left in my fridge. They worked perfectly - just dump them into a strainer, rinse until the water runs clear and dry on a paper towel-lined plate. These pancakes would be perfect for a lazy weekend morning - whipping them up is as easy as combining dry ingredients in one bowl, wet ingredients in another, and then mixing them both together. The pancakes are thick and fluffy with sweet pops of flavor in each bite from the blueberries. They definitely satisfied my craving, and added bonus - there were leftovers to stick in the freezer for another day!"
"But that doesn’t mean things are hopeless. Although direct and questioning, ‘No Local’ takes a positive view about the possibilities for social change. If we confront the market and its political rulers, we can build social movements that begin to create an egalitarian society – a legacy the Arab Spring and Occupy movements have begun to reclaim."
"What a carry on I've had with blogger. A few weeks ago I managed to accidentally change my blog name-but, I thought I'd stick with it. I thought that if my old name no longer existed then there'd be no problem, but oh no!! I know a few people were having problems, even when the entered my new name it kept directing them back to my old one, so to keep things easy (after losing 3 hours the other day) I've decided to go back to my old name."
"columnist Edward Schumacher-Matos (11/27/09) declared that Obama was"
"...Stunning papers are also a collection I've had for ages & forgot just how much I love them! Its the Shabby Chique collection by Tim Holtz & comes in lovely muted shades of pink's, blue's & grey's. I've used a label shaped 'Get in Shape' template to make the front & back of the bag, which has been cut using the largest size from Bazzil card-stock & decorated using the next size down with designer papers. I've then created a middle section approx 1 1/2\" thick with flaps either side to join the 2 pieces together. The insides have all been decorated with the same designer paper collection too. Edges have been inked with Weathered Wood & distressed with craft knife.Lastly the handle has been cut with Martha Stewart Doily Lace edges punch & attached to either side. Here's a closer look..."
"The Council’s special helpline"
"1. Individual entities of various different scales (not just tiny quarks and electrons) are the ultimate stuff of the cosmos."
"I don’t think that sales and negotiation are appropriate courses for engineering education. They are useful skills, but best acquired outside of college."
"determined to go to the outdoor pools there, and we saved this experience for our last afternoon in the city. (In hindsight, I think this was because we both anticipated problems and we were putting it off.) We made it to the city park and walked around admiring the Transylvanian Vajdahunyad Castle replica and woodsy scenery. We were stalling. Why? What did we know about the baths? Only highlights from the book: “scantily clad” and sometimes nude locals, very few English-speaking attendants, an extremely complex and detailed account of how to successfully enter, pay, change, lock up valuables, keep key, bathe, relocate locker, use key, change, find exit, show receipt for refund of any remaining time on your ticket…it warned us that it would be difficult but worth it."
"Is it about the “game”? Is it about feeling triumphant, victorious even, for breaking down a woman’s guards and actually convincing her, to “trust” them….all in the name of getting some vajayjay!"
"“Now piss off back to sea,” she said"
"Heavy rains will fall in the states of Parana and Sao Paulo from tomorrow to April 27, Marco Antonio dos Santos, an agronomist at the company in Sao Paulo, wrote in a report e- mailed yesterday. Rainfall may exceed 50 millimeters (2 inches) and will help soil moisture and plants, he said."
"What inspired you to write SHINE?"
"I’ve also just spent the last 5 minutes putting the new Nicki Minaj album onto my laptop computer. I finally got round to doing it. From there, I’m gonna put them on my iPod machine. And speaking of iPod’s, I think I have sonic power. I’ll tell you why. I literally just went to check the weather forecast, to see what I would need to pack for PE tomorrow, and just as I saw that it said it would be raining, it started raining outside. Freaky deaky doo dah."
"Just before 3pm, some protestors breached the barricade surrounding the landmark, leading police to disperse the crowd with tear gas and water cannons."
"When the whole country has been shouting one name for the last half a dozen month’s how can the FA just ignore the people’s voice,you could argue that,the last time the FA chose the popular option they ended up with Kevin Keegan,true,but Harry has much more to offer the England team,as a West Ham fan I remember all to well what he did for our club,we were hovering around relegation when he arrived,within a short time he had us playing attacking football and finishing 5th in the Premier league and qualifying for Europe,as well as bringing through some of the best talent the game has seen in the last decade,Joe Cole,Frank Lampard,Rio Ferdinand,Michael Carrick….."
"New Delhi railway station,"
"Listening to... We Float - PJ Harvey"
"and didn't know what was happening."
"When most people think of tall buildings, they think of their appearance from the ground, foreshortened. Professionals (A/E/C) tend to think of their appearance as they look in renderings: isolated, head-on. My favorite view is one they I only get once in a while: when I’m at the top and look out, seeing the few tallest buildings projecting above the forest canopy."
"Best Factual: Winner – XTV (Cameo)/ Highly Commended – LA1:TV (The LA1 Show)"
"Never had the fare by"
"98. Visit the State Fair"
"These are the stencils I used:"
"You will be astounded with what you will find if you do this. There are things you can do and things you can contribute that will make such a difference. Be what you were meant to be, minus the clutter of all the illusions you have been operating under for so long."
"Xiang is in a preschool program every morning now, but she still manages to keep busy the rest of the time. Her favorite toys to play with are balls, and sometimes she is very protective of them!"
"A review copy was provided by the publisher."
"1 channels"
"The Judge ruled that “if the applicant had been injured while playing a game of cards in her motel room she would be entitled to compensation” and the fact that the woman was engaged in sexual activity rather than some other lawful recreational activity while in her hotel room does not lead to any different result."
"I'm getting better, or else I couldn't have done this post, and I hope to be back soon, but I won't risk anything by starting too early."
"But here I was in Hawaii, with the opportunity to actually go skydiving, and I was scared out of my mind."
"Away from truth"
"Gaily decorated and carrying her name flag, the Bluenose took to the water as her natural element, to the accompaniment of O Canada, played by the 75th regimental band and the enthusiastic demonstration of the thousands who thronged the waterfront…"
"and amaze the clay-pipe smoking boatman,"
"Whether you cheer for New England or New York (or neither!), Super Bowl Sunday is a great reason for a get-together. And to make sure you have the freshest ingredients possible for your Super Bowl party, be sure to stop by the Delray GreenMarket the day before."
"toast"
"So with that in mind, I stepped on the scale today, one week later, and BOOM: no loss, no gain. Exactly the same as the week before. Even though I stuck to the same eating and exercised more."
"It’s funny when I think back to a more innocent time when comics were fringe activities for odd bods like me who dressed up as apes on a weekend (don’t ask) – and now they’re centre stage in the global entertainment world."
"Helen - for allowing us all to run amok in her fabulous house and garden."
"Here’s the deal: you upload a picture you are particularly proud of, then you are given about a zillion, confusing paint tools that allow you to turn your photos into masterpieces. It actually requires skill and there is a bit of a learning curve, but all good things take time, right? You also have the gustier option of just painting, without uploading a photo. It’s like Microsoft Paint, but you way cooler; instead of creating something that looks like it was ‘painted’ by a five-year old having a seizure, you can make images that look like you brought Van Gogh back from the dead and ordered him to recreate your photo. Dopeness."
"Now, back to this life thing. There are no Band-Aids for life. There are no miracle cures. Seldom is it possible to kiss it better. And when it wears out, there is no such thing as buying a new pair, regardless of how much money one has. So what is a person to do with this new life that is strange and foreign and terrifying? What does one do when everything they recognize and hold dear is suddenly one day gone and replaced by a series of colorful imposters?"
"Overall, Code Name Verity was a fantastic and rich read, a refreshing break from boy-crazy girls and instead having main characters who have things that are a lot more life-threatening than romance to worry about. There were lots of great twists and turns to keep the reader engaged. Though it did have a slow start as well as a few other portions I was tempted to skim, I was glad I didn't because in the end everything tied together in an emotional and absolutely heart-breaking way. In the end, Wein's novel is well-researched and well-written; Code Name Verity is a powerful story of friendship from an insightful and unique perspective."
"\"COME, dear children, let us away;"
"All My Friends... is McMurtry's sixth book, but it has the easy flowing, autobiographical feel of a younger work. Our hero is Rice student and aspiring author, Danny Deck. On a spur-of-the-moment trip to Austin, Danny wakes up on a floor next to the beautiful (and super tall) Sally, and instantly falls in love with her. He steals her away from her drunken professor lover and takes her back to Houston where they decide they might as well get married. Sally doesn't really like any of Danny's friends, or even Danny, all that much, and the two of them mostly have sex and sit around silently. Things change for Danny when he finds that his first novel is going to be published, and that Hollywood is interested in making a movie version. Flush with cash, the book turns into a road trip when Sally and Danny leave behind Danny's sultry neighbor and motherly friend and head to San Francisco where their relationship falls even further apart at the same rate that Sally's pregnant belly grows. Things go down and up and down again and end up back in Texas. Because how could you not go back?"
"Yes, America should fire you"
"The Tractor Hayride"
"BEAT cream cheese, sugar and vanilla in large bowl with mixer until well blended. Gently stir in COOL WHIP and chopped cookies; spread onto crust."
"I found it astonishing to see how much Gabriel had changed since the first book. He is a lot more expressive and feels things more deeply now. There's a scene in the END OF DAYS where Gabriel comes to the rescue in a sense and that tugged on my heart strings. His development has been extraordinary to watch, he has grown in strength from the first time we met him. I'm hoping for only good things to come for him."
"The West Lot Pirates preview the Northwestern Spring Game and talk about some of the players returning for the 2012 season. You can download the episode directly from here."
"I hope our friendship will last the test of time, but I can’t help but think one day, she will really, really, really cross the line."
"Two years after its release, Amenábar's movie Agora is continuing to perpetuate some modern myths about the history of science. The latest person to swallow its fable-version of history is a geologist called Donald Prothero, who is one of a number of bloggers at Skepticblog and who has written a glowing review of the film entitled \"Hypatia, Agora and Religion vs Science\". Prothero is Professor of Geology at Occidental College in Los Angeles and, judging from his posts, someone who has been keeping up the fight against the irrational idiots of the \"Creation Science\" movement and its latest stalking horse, the \"Intelligent Design\" political lobby. For that he deserves both our thanks and our pity. Unfortunately, probably as a consequence, he has bought the \"Conflict Thesis\" idea wholesale and so is happy to find it being reinforced by the version of history found in Agora. Of course, it's probably not entirely fair to expect a geologist to have much of a grasp of Late Roman history or to be up on the early history of science. But he seems to be taken as an authority on these matters by the readers of Skepticblog, judging from the readers' comments. Which is a worry, because, despite referring to \"scholarly sources\" that he consulted when writing his review, he makes a complete hash of the history behind this story."
"I admire her strength"
"* Add the sugar, ground almonds, and vanilla bean seeds. Mix until combined."
"TASTINGS"
"A 2007 study published by University of Chicago law professor Thomas J. Miles and Cass R. Sunstein… used a different measurement of judicial activism: the tendency of judges to strike down decisions by federal regulatory agencies. Sunstein and Miles found that by this definition, the Supreme Court’s “conservative” justices were the most likely to engage in “judicial activism” while the “liberal” justices were most likely to exercise “judicial restraint.”"
"For the filling: 2 cups shredded coconut, 1&1/2 cups sugar (adjust according to sweetness of sugar), 2 tsp rice flour, 1 tsp crushed cardamom, 1/4 tsp saffron (optional) or few drops of rose essence (optional)."
"If the President wants to extend the temporary cuts in loan interest rates, then say that the economy is not in good shape, especially for recent grads, and increasing the rates will further hurt the economy. You can’t preach about recovery and a better economy one day, and the next talk about the need to extend economic relief. Don’t shit in one hand and then try to sell me fertilizer with the other Mr. President."
"If you are in Drumheller, AB and you hear rocks fly and the engine roaring that would be me!"
"It’s a calendar poster, sitting above one of the work stations here at work. It just appeared there today, as if sent from above. Not from God, I mean from the loading dock."
"I love you, my little brother!"
"make us laugh"
"We looked at a few restaurants, but ended grabbing the most Spanish food you can eat. Forget paella: We got kebabs."
"Having been cared for by the Allcroft family from 1869 to 1986, Stokesay has since been under the guardianship of English Heritage."
"Granted, on the whole we are getting our fixes in charity shops and bootsales, so it's not costing us what it could do, (note I am now lumping you in with me, thereby making myself feel better because it's not just me...) but how much of this gear do we really need?"
"Axelrod: he has a moral core just like Ebenezer Scrooge did"
"Then she smiled a sweet smile and said, \"Well, I want a big wedding\"."
"CONSERVATIVE: No, scones?"
"Nelson has an MBA in International Marketing and Finance from Kellstadt Graduate School of Business at DePaul University and a Bachelor of Science degree in Human and Organizational Development from Vanderbilt University. She was born and raised in Brooklyn, N.Y. and is engaged to be married later this year."
"Nevertheless, the hotel is nestle between a serene surrounding with a small hill behind it which is just perfect for a retreat. The hotel is just opened not long ago and most of the facilities here are still new."
"“Things will get pushed back.” And by “things,” I don’t mean anything in my personal life."
"Now the rain has returned and we are having another enforced break. Luckily it's just a general drizzly damp rain come windy fog and not another downpour. So hopefully no further damage... Meanwhile I have some kale and tatsoi ready to be planted out, But I don't know where I'm going to put it..."
"Couple of months later I took Steven back in again plus his new loser friend Kevin."
"Now, let's go check and see what the other Dueling Darlings created..."
"Cesare sadly makes his way through the halls of…somewhere, it’s not clear where, and comes across Juan trying on some new armour and talking about how he wants to dress it up with a big yellow Borgia bull on the breastplate. Subtle."
"Things are getting annoying, but I'm determined to keep the court date and really fight for this money. I did find a new job (not as a nanny, for the first time in almost a decade) and am very happy with my life, but this one thing is really bothering me because I was flat out taken advantage of and treated like garbage. I'm hoping she shows up for court and I can look her in the eye as the judge reads her texts aloud, the ones where she acknowledges how much she owes me. I'm livid with the situation, but I've got a good feeling about mid-December. Nannies need to stand up for themselves and I'm doing my part in that."
"Maybe I'm a fool but I'm still falling"
"Sheikh Al Luhaidan, the oldest member of the highest Islamic council was probably the most shocked by King Abdullah’s speech. In an interview on an Islamic cable TV network, Al Majd, he said that he had no prior knowledge of the king’s decision nor was he asked his opinion on the inclusion of women. He also said he wished the King had not mentioned the highest Islamic council at all."
"Just when everyone was getting ready to go to the park, we were hit with a really gloomy weather that we did not know whether to proceed with the barbeque, or to have a change of plans. After a slight drizzle for a short while, the sky was still grey. We were at the park, but hesitated whether to start the fire. We waited and waited.... for another half an hour or so, eventually the rain stopped completely and the weather was cool. :) Heaven was on our side!"
"Thu 9/25 Johnson City, NY Magic City Music Hall"
"Me: o_0"
"I am so glad I made the switch. If things keep going this well, maybe I'll never have to 'Poo again!"
"It is more like window shopping..."
"1. The decline of print advertising as a major lead generator In the past, newspaper ads would produce a fair number of calls on FSBOs. Today, a three-line ad in the local newspaper has little chance of competing with the wide array of information online, including video, color photos, 360-degree virtual tours, and a wealth of community and lifestyle data."
"There are two caveats to this, however. One is that the location of end-point of the wormhole would be difficult to control (this fits in with what happens in the series, the doctor is always ending up in the wrong place and time), and would only allow travel forwards in time from when the technology to do all this was discovered. However this is all right too -it just means that the time lords have been able to do this from the start of the universe!"
"I shall not buy a dryer because where I live I think it is totally unnecessary and it uses electricity that I am sure the farmer would rather not pay for. If I lived in a flat, or even in a town, it might be different. But certainly if my neighbour filled the line with washing out to dry, knickers or no knickers, I would even fetch it in for him if it rained and he was out. That's called being a good neighbour!"
"Number of Rest Days: 12"
"Now onto the rules:"
"Deirdra: What authors do you admire, and why?"
"- I used an 8 x 8 pan and baked it for 52 minutes."
"I have loved to write for as long as I can remember. When I was in fifth grade, I published my first book, There's a Huge Pimple on My Nose: A Collection of Stories and Poems. It received a glowing review in the Los Angeles Times: \"If you simply want to enjoy some remarkable writing, it would be hard to find a book more satisfying.\" My second book, 3 a.m., has also received high praise and was featured on the national book talk show \"Between the Lines\" on PBS. I have also published articles and essays in Family Circle, Writer's Digest, The Los Angeles Times, and eight Chicken Soup for the Soul books."
"It was pretty easy to put together. I had to get different Indian seasonings and herbs I’m not used to using, but this will be a good excuse to try and make another Indian dish again."
"While I was working at the office that day, I was doing just fine in our morning meeting. At 8AM I went to the rest and thought my SOUL just left my body. Kinda like if you have a stomach virus one day, and the next day your body is just plain out of nutrients. Then the coughing comes, and I keep coughing and coughing. All of 30 minutes later my heart is pounding through the roof and I started FREEZING. I ask the boss to leave and he agrees looking at me like I'm about to keel over. I barely drag ass to the car, get in, and TURN THE HEAT ALL THE WAY UP. That helps. Remember, it's a good 85 degrees outside at the time. Somehow I manage enough energy to make it to the Specs and HEB to look for Divine Reserve. Finding none, I make it home, chug some Dayquil, and lay on the couch and sweat it out."
"The scarf was a last minute addition today but I'm glad I wore it, if for nothing else, than it gave me something to clip my nametag to :-)"
"Football clubs are out of the ordinary because of the huge gulf between the wages of the top 30 or so staff and the rest. Whereas in a normal trading or leisure company, for example, once the CEO and a couple of his colleagues are out of the way then the high earners will be few and far between; in a top level football club, there are a number of highly paid staff who could be let go, saving enormous sums. It is harsh to say so, and I am not encouraging job losses, but injured players and players far from the first team, and indeed those who are out of contract at the end of the season would all be on the administrators’ “hit list”."
"Now I just need some BLANKS so I can add a few of my own.... like \"Bike to Trader Joes\"- or - \"Bike to Michael's Crafts\""
"If you have any further questions, feel free to contact me."
"The case has sparked a windstorm of controversy across the country about the issue of race and justice. The widespread opinion is that Zimmerman, a White Hispanic man, racially profiled Trayvon as being a “suspicious and presumably dangerous” individual because he was young and black. In this interview, rapper and producer David Banner speaks with Black Enterprise magazine and gives his view on what implications the Trayvon Martin murder gives about racism and classism in our society today."
"Bradford Smith — Professor Emeritus, Veterinary Medicine: Medicine and Epidemiology"
"2. Heels are not always a wise option: No matter how good they may look with the outfit, alcohol + heels = almost certain failure. Not saying I ate shit, because I didn’t (this time), but the more we drank, the slower we became. I mean, we REALLY had to think about what we were doing. It was like walking behind my grandmother….Fuck it, next time I’m wearing boots."
"The Phoenix. It has a special meaning for me as my name, Anstice, means 'she who will rise again'. I also love Fawkes from Harry Potter."
"Justice League Dark #7"
"Militants opened fire on cattle traders who frustrated their bid to steal cows"
"Bethesda-Chevy Chase 17, Wheaton 7"
"\"Did you take him yet?\" My friends would ask impatiently. \"I'm telling you...he's the perfect age. He's gonna love it!\""
"- I didn’t have time. I need at least 45 minutes every morning to get ready to go out without make-up. If I were going to do it, I would have needed an hour more (as I said, I didn’t know how to wear make-up at all). During the whole previous year, I was waking up at 5:30a.m, and I was already always lack of sleep. From where could I get more time? Simplest solution: don’t make-up."
"For Two"
"Wholly Guacamole Salsa or Queso $2.00/1 - expires 3/31/2011"
"I thought Amber was making a joke when she said Maureen has won the award for Most Interesting User to Follow on Twitter, but, no! Mashable, the largest independant web-site that covers social media, DID indeed choose her as just that in 2009. Maureen was super funny & had great banter with John & Pamela; she has written several YA books & I am now interested to check out her Suite Scarlett as well as its sequels; it focuses on a teenager in NYC amidst all the theatre drama of the city."
"Oh, and for the record, even if you have a huge and slavish following as an author, shame on you if you play this \"leave 'em hanging\" game. Can't you keep your following without such gimmicks?"
"The brown ale has long been a favorite of mine, and coming off the success of Sierra Nevada’s Harvest Fresh Hop Ale, I was excited to try this one. I like brown ales because they offer a very distinct flavor; the nuts, toffee and roasted malts all combine excellently into one enjoyable beer. If you haven’t had the pleasure of trying Rogue’s Hazelnut Brown Nectar, I suggest you rush to the nearest Rouge brewery and grab one."
"Saturday, October 4th, from 10 AM – 4 PM"
"In this post I will elaborate more on the ideas that are used, which are the very heart of a nocebo or what I am calling padeas (pathological ideas)."
"Application is easy since it blends so well. I take the time with all self tanners to really work it in and blend up and down and circular. I ended up with no streaks using this and had only one small spot that I missed on my arm. Color developed in about 4 hours and was a light tan. It's a gradual tanning lotion so two apps were needed to get more tan and to go even darker , you need another etc. I was tanning pretty pale skin the first time .While it is said to be Instant Bronzing also, it only leaves behind a slight bronze tint on application, but it does give you a little glow ( without shimmer)."
"The cost - which includes graduate credit, if desired - is as follows:"
"It wasn’t all the noise about my parents being proud, blah blah. It was when Glenn told me that grad students wear hoods at their ceremony (and yes, we are allowed to eat Skittles as well.) Apparently, grad students get attachable hoods for their gowns."
"Till she was lost in them…"
"The report says officers were racially stereotyping African-Caribbean people as criminals, and thus disproportionately subjecting them to stop and search. It says officers were exercising the power without having the legal requirement of having reasonable suspicion that the person stopped was involved in crime: “Many police officers make the illegitimate step in their minds from ‘black people are disproportionately involved in crime’ to ‘the black person I am about to stop and search is likely to be a criminal’ without consideration of the other factors necessary to establish sufficient ‘reasonable grounds’."
"- If I do become a mum, will I be able to hold my baby in my arms? Will I be able to take care of him/her when I am not able to look after myself?"
"\"All right, I’ve never really married a Sontaran. Got engaged to a Cyberman once, though. Ha ha! No I didn’t! April Fool! Got you!\""
"These books and websites hold some really great advice. I look forward to sharing some of the insights I gain with everyone. I hope you will do the same and please, share where you are in your writing journey. I’d love to hear from you."
"Islip, NY 11730"
"1/2 teaspoon of butter or olive oil"
"This isn’t love!"
"(Hyperion Books, an imprint of Disney Book Group)"
"With only the faint scent of you remaining."
"It snowed that Christmas on Vancouver Island. Outside, his beautiful garden lay peacefully hushed in its pristine white blanket, a rare event for that area. Struggling to breathe, he lay inside on his hospital bed overlooking the garden. Gazing out on the snowy landscape, he fully aware of the poignant symbolism of his precious garden held in winter’s grip."
"They were better able to tune in to the important information – the speaker’s voice – and block out other distracting noises – the background chatter.”"
"I also really love Jeanine Bee's very short essay \"Hearts of the Fathers\" which is beautiful in a very different way. Like, in a way that makes you smile and cringe and laugh out loud (and which makes me think about my relationship with my own father, which makes me smile and cringe and laugh out loud all over again)."
"I was hoping that the searchable part of Intute could have been developed to be a single unified search of books, e-resources such as articles, theses and dissertations, the latest research, items in repositories (taken from what eventually became the Institutional Repository Search) etc, personalised to produce results/resources which were actually available to users depending on their institution, with additional subject slant options also depending on the user."
"The last week and half has been extremely stress full as I had ranted about in my earlier post.Yesterday after office I decided enough is enough. I need time for myself.Time to relax ,enjoy and indulge.Coming home, I announced to my husband from now on I am on a mini break for one and half day.I am not going to do any of the usual household chores and do things my way only.He saw my face and realised I meant business and if he argued it would have resulted into a long bitter fight so he agreed.(Only after I promised to take his share of chores for two days after my mini break was over) And right then and there my break started.Yippeee"
"If it is the season, an amusement park or a theme park is a good first date idea. It doesn’t matter how old you are, we can all be big kids at heart. There’re so much you can do at amusement parks and theme parks that most likely you will forget about the dating pressure and just have fun."
"Or we could consider high fructose corn sugar, which marketing gurus call corn sugar to make it sound less evil; they further say it’s the same as sugar in your body. True, when it enters the cell, sugar is sugar (consider the variety of “-ose’s”). However, the chemical structure of sugars is different, and when high fructose corn syrup (HCFS) is broken down by cells, it is not used in the same ways as other sugars are, and can cause individuals to gain weight by not feeling full, a signal that other sugars, once processed by cells, will send to the brain. Personally, I am incredibly disappointed to find HFCS in products I see at the store; there are only a couple products in my pantry which I just discovered over the last week have high fructose corn syrup, and which I will find substitutes for on my grocery trip this weekend…but I digress."
"This having-it-all-backwards is a propensity with you and it stems from wrong thought. The wrong thought is your idea about money. You love it and yet you say it is the root of all evil. You adore it and yet you call it 'filthy lucre.' You say that a person is 'filthy rich.' If a person does become wealthy doing 'good' things, you immediately become suspect, you make that 'wrong.' You see, in your mind, a person who chooses the highest calling should get the lowest pay ..."
"No disrespect to the Penguins’ fourth-line guys (Craig Adams, Joe Vitale, Aaron Asham, Richard Park, and to a lesser extent Eric Tangradi), but that group provides almost non-existent offense and as a group is much slower than what the Flyers can throw out on the third and fourth lines. Craig Adams may be a terrific penalty killer, but he is not a threat to go the other way and score like Sean Couturier, Max Talbot, or Claude Giroux are."
"And not only that but it sort of flushes this mother with a vague sense of superiority that she is aware of things that her friends in the pub on Friday night are not."
"When I married my second wife, we soon discovered that our parents had given us some of the same identical childhood books. As we merged our lives along with our household items, we found we both had many of the same record albums (although mine were more scratched-up than hers). There exists a common thread between two people of similar age that is often built from nothing more profound than simply being on the planet at the same time and place. Hef may be able to recall what he was doing the day John Kennedy was shot; but likely his current girlfriends’ parents probably were not even born yet."
"V. BIGFOOT AND THE WILDMEN"
"CRUMBLE remaining bar mixture over jam filling"
"But then I thought of who we were and what we have become. The article in the Post contains this statement: “The expanded authority will allow the CIA and JSOC to fire on targets based solely on their intelligence ‘signatures’ — patterns of behavior that are detected through signals intercepts, human sources and aerial surveillance, and that indicate the presence of an important operative or a plot against U.S. interests. Until now, the administration had allowed strikes only against known terrorist leaders who appear on secret CIA and JSOC target lists and whose location can be confirmed.”"
"Why is it that almost no prosecutors are disciplined for procedural errors or withholding evidence?"
"My only issue with the book is the name of the villain of the piece; Skulltaker. For those who don't play the tabletop, this is skulltaker;"
"James Hunt’s first win in his world title-winning season. However, this is another contentious race because the stewards at Jarama disqualify James’s M23 for being too wide. McLaren appeal the decision and he is reinstated when it’s proved that the extra width is due to tyre expansion."
"Cover and refrigerate until very cold."
"13 Heather Kennedy W Valencia, CA 11:02.7 34:18.76"
"Which is, I'm sure you'll agree, slightly over-the-top, even for a prelate so impressively bearded as the late Shenouda. The title \"Pope\", by the way, is older by a couple of centuries than that of his Roman equivalent. Strictly speaking, we should refer to the latter as \"Pope of Rome\" to avoid confusion."
"When our waiter delivered our lunch, Brooklyn screamed, \"I LOVE ca-cakes! YAY!!! CA-CAKES!\" (pancakes)"
"A fair point. Yet, after summarizing several products Bond has hawked over the years – most notably cars, watches, and vodkas – Olmstead states the matter’s importance: “But switching him to beer is something quite different, a paradigm shift from his love of martinis…Furthermore, if Bond did drink beer, it would almost certainly be something more substantial than the ubiquitous Dutch lager, like an ale, porter or stout, likely of the British variety.”"
"I proceeded to email him back immediately telling him ABSOLUTELY YES and within 5 more minutes I got a very excited email from Kallie!"
"Boo, I stabbed myself with the reamer :("
"Raider once was a daring outfit with lots of ideas and innovation, also prepared to be independent and brave as a self-publishing provider of services to new authors. Seven years is a long time for an author solutions service, and I just do not see the improvements I should see in a service over that period of time. If anything, Raider have gone backward - far backward - and the recent launch of Purehaven Press offering pretty much they same looks a cynical move to clear the slates and start again without addressing what has gone before. I think the comments section below - built up over several years - speaks for itself."
"2 proposed"
"Aries is the first sign in the Zodiac wheel. As such, it is the energy of pioneers, progenitors, and paters (fathers). It is an intensely masculine energy, and intensely fiery. It is no accident that Aries, the sign, and Ares, the Greek god of war, are homonyms, and that the name of the ruling planet, Mars, is the Roman form of Ares."
"It's a rustic tumble of spaghetti, the short strands studded with bits of cheese, garlic and errant disbursement of salt and pepper. I love my pasta dry like this, moistened only with a splash of olive oil."
"Since I have started using it regularly (just last month) I found that I had plenty of energy in the day, it kept me full for a long time, and my sugar cravings went down. That's a really big deal for me because a sweet tooth is something that I struggle with while trying to eat healthy. And I just love knowing that I'm putting something SO nutritious into my body, yet I don't even have to think about it. So, if you've been wondering what this Shakeology stuff is that I've been posting about, then give it a try this month. There will be money going to a good cause for it, and your body will love it, too. And if for some reason you don't, Beachbody does have a 30-day \"bottom of the bag\" guarantee in which you can get your money back if for some reason you don't love the way it makes you feel. But you're gonna love it."
"Father, as your child in Jesus I desire to be totally an instrument for Your Kingdom to manifest through my life. I desire to receive your Promise of the Holy Spirit to those who believe. Jesus, my Savior and King, baptize me in the Holy Spirit so that the power of your resurrection will work in me and transform me according to your will. Holy Spirit, empower me and fill me to overflowing. I hold nothing back from you. Work your gifts in me and through me so that the Father’s Kingdom may be manifested in and through my life. I ask this in Jesus’ mighty Name. Amen!"
"“You’re really hot aren’t you?” I ignored him, all my attention was focused on the girl I was looking at. How was it possible that I hadn’t noticed her all this time? As if on cue, Salman decided to let us go on break."
"In addition, and contrary to concerns raised by both Red Bull and the European Commission, the ECJ dismissed the idea that its decision would permit the customer of an SCP to circumvent the protection offered to the proprietor under the Trade Marks Directive by dividing the production process and awarding different elements of the process to different SCPs to escape liability, as those services may still be attributed to the customer who could remain liable under the Directive."
"Like a lot of NYC apartment dwellers I don’t put full screens over top of my windows. I go down to the hardware store and buy these 15-inch tall screens that adjust to the window width. The idea being that you’ll screen out most of the flying crap when your windows are open. But not all of it, because there’s a gap between the plane of the window and the plane of the screen, a one-inch gap that a determined mosquito can fly down into quite easily. And they do. And they come into my joint and hurt me. It sucks. I think they must breed in the clogged gutter just above my ceiling (I’m on the top floor of an old four-story building)."
"To the rhythm of my soul"
"I’m not a massive fan of athletics but I do like big events like this and this should be BIG."
"Odland JO, Segejeva IV, Ivaneev MD, Jensen IP, Stray-Pedersen B. Seropositivity of cytomegalovirus, parvovirus and rubella in pregnant women and recurrent aborters in Leningrad County. Russia Acta Obstet Gynecol Scand 2001; 80: 1025-1029."
"\"The shell (cylindrical body) is a right circular cylinder formed of three cylindrical courses joined by circumferential welds. Each course, in turn, is made of two semicircular plates joined by longitudinal welds. The longitudinal welds in the three courses were oriented 90 degrees from each other to avoid possible crack propagation.\" The text continues to indicate that on the top of this cylinder was welded a forged bolting flange (to bolt down the closure head) and that to the bottom was added the lower head, again by welding. The lower head was made from four pie-shaped plates and a central dished or domed section, all welded. The nominal thickness of the lower head is given as 6.2 inches."
"*Always consult the Help feature of your processing software for additional techniques specific to your brand."
"If Dad already has a widescreen TV, well, what’s dazzling Video without astounding audio? Pick out a home theater! For small rooms, a home-theater-in-a-box — a package containing the amplifier, tuner and speakers — is enough but not too much. For Dads who never shout, “Turn your stereo down!” go with surround sound speakers — a multi-speaker system identified by number: 5.1, 6.1 or 7.1; the “.1″ is the subwoofer (the deep notes); the other number is how many speakers are in the group. Spread them around the room and they’ll reproduce theater-quality audio."
"HartalMSM was at the NIAT press conference on a bright sunny Saturday morning (7 May). Dato Thasleem started the conference with a recap of the Interlok saga."
"On the first day of every month the first thing you should say is \"sub me a tenner.\""
"Despite my dreams of Medical School, I was getting bored of just studying health and science subjects all the time. I took on a Painting and decorating NVQ, and whilst on the course considered setting up my own business with the only other girl doing the course, but I got bored again, left the course once I had learnt enough to do my own decorating and enrolled on a Catering NVQ course. I completed this one, so I am a qualified chef, but I never wanted to work in a kitchen, just wanted to be a better cook (thankfully!)."
"Learn some survival 101. While I’m as fond of the Israeli issue gas masks as the next gal, you’d be better off taking a Mossad offered basics course and a boy/girl scout refresher. Always be prepared is your new motto."
"Last year, South Africa was ranked 43rd in the world with a rating of 5.1 out of a potential 10 points on Transparency International's (TI) 2008 Corruption Perceptions Index."
"Oh. No. Stop. Don’t."
"You have feet in your shoes."
"I think I’m getting a cold…eeeurgh. Noooo. I’m lying in bed, and I can’t breath through my nose at all. I think my immunities are really bad. Aw man."
"1 important"
"OSWALD"
"06 peter gunn"
"The beds are always made in this vision of mine."
"“I’m Going Down”"
"“I agree. I think I might end up moving there. I look at pictures and I swear it’s like I’ve been there before.”"
"Round red hat: The round red hat looks funny, so I like wearing it. It has a lovely tassle on the top for swinging the hat around your head. The round red hat with tassle can be thrown at cars, donkeys or clouds. Hat!"
"This decision seems to be in line with the criticisms expressed on the other side of the Atlantic by several commentators vis-à-vis the recently proposed Stopping Online Piracy Act (SOPA), which was introduced in the US House of Representatives on 26 October 2011 (also known as Enforcing and Protecting American Rights Against Sites Intent on Theft and Exploitation Act). This bill would compel ISPs to adopt filters to prevent their customers reaching pirate websites easily. It is believed by several commentators that the bill's vague wording might leave open the door to intrusive forms of filtering, which would multiply costs and performance problems for ISPs and expose their users to a violation of their privacy (see The Economist, 26 November 2011)."
"So much to do and all I want to do is zzzzzzzzz........."
"Today, Nate didn't eat anything. And he didn't complain either."
"coming through the doors. I was amazed!"
"No wonder no one wanted to acknowledge him."
"I’ll tell you a story. I fell in love at a very young age, probably about 12 or 13, with Ray Bradbury’s stuff. He did the Twilight Zone type of stuff, and he was an amazing novelist, but mainly did short stories. A limited number of Ray Bradbury titles were available in Australia, so at a very young age, I might have been 13 or 14, I wrote a letter addressed to Ray Bradbury, well it was addressed to sort of ‘Random House, America’ - there was no address other than that, and six months later a package arrived in the post, and it was the five books that weren’t available in Australia, with a letter from Ray Bradbury saying how truly thrilled he was to have a young fan on the other side of the world. And I feel that was one of the reasons I became a writer, I think, just because of the generosity of spirit of that man, and his astonishing act of generosity. And so I always remember Bradbury."
"Instead of \"EVERYTHING UNDER THE SUN\","
"Ch 8"
"A fine piece of Edwardian architecture"
"Click on the photos for alarger pictures, also keep in mind that my microphone wasa brushed silver prior to paint."
"Read said: “At the moment Essex Life rarely produce web specific or web exclusive content.” Though this is common for regional titles it is not the norm for the big consumer magazines."
"Meri texted me, \"Come up\""
"For a chance to win a $500 Alice Allowance you must visit radioalice.com and become an Alice Rewards member by filling out the required membership application. No purchase necessary. Then, enter your name on the ALICE ALLOWANCE official entry page and listen to Alice @ 97.3 weekdays at 810, 12:10 and 5:10. When you hear your name, you have 10 minutes to call 1-800-400-FM97 to claim your prize. The station will award up to $10,000 a month (20 winners per month). Once the station gets 20 winners, the contest ends for that month. Must be 18 or older. Prize non-transferable and not redeemable for cash. You can only win a prize from Alice once every 60 days. Official rules"
"My sister called a few minutes later and also tried to make me feel better. \"I saw your pictures on Facebook, and it looked like you had fun!\" \"It was awful! I hate everything! And life! And baby Jesus! And also I'm bleeding from the vagina and I can't even change my tampon and I hate everything, including fluffy baby animals and ice cream and happiness! Wahhhhhhhhh!\""
"2 consequences"
"I have the sense that to many Russians’ minds, these are the men who stepped into the power vacuum that emerged in the wake of the Soviet Union’s rather sudden collapse. Maybe not these exact thugs, but other, bigger-time thugs, opportunists with extensive criminal histories who knew how to seize the moment, or the oil industry, or whatever happened to be lying around for the taking. And now these delightful fellows are enjoying the bounties of freedom! The freedom to fly planeloads of hookers to alpine resorts! I imagine our young entrepreneurial dinner companions, now 40something, tearing the corks out of bottles of Cristal with their teeth somewhere on the French Riviera."
"I’ve mentored spiritual seekers for two (2) decades now. Many of them I met in the astral and etheric planes, while some others I did handle right here on the ground. From out of their narratives did I conclude that evil masters are very busy disguising as Light Beings whose messages request to be channeled and disseminated."
"Going through the various articles associated with doing so, one particular duty of the ‘Director’ made me pause and reflect."
"They were ordered through Franklin Mint I had to wait 2 months before receiving the next one."
"Olivia has spent the last ten years fundraising and building the Olivia Newton-John Cancer and Wellness Centre in her hometown of Melbourne, Australia (www.OliviaAppeal.com) which will open its doors this June. She’s always been an ardent environmentalist and continues to support many a good cause. Currently she and her second husband ‘Amazon’ John Easterling are on the board of the Amazon Center for Environmental Education and Research (ACEER.org), which champions the rights of indigenous communities. For Olivia, the appeal of celebrity seems to lie particularly in leveraging it in the support of others."
"Its not a mere coincidence that women make up 70% of the poor population worldwide. Its this whole “I can do this! I got this! I don’t need you” attitude that’s a leading cause. Don’t blame wars, and mistreatment or whatever weak responses I know I’ll get regarding this… Pick up a pair of boxing gloves, a stone, something. Don’t let them take away your kids, beat that soldiers ass! You want to be so empowered learn how to take a punch, and then give a couple more. If you want to be empowered."
"Let’s look at how Random Acts says it’s going to spend the money it raises:"
"EasyBebe Store."
"OK - so why is America finally standing up to all the illegal aliens invading and living in the country? Well, read below to get an idea of the crime rates of these illegals. On average, they are arrested 8 times. Hello! I don't know about most of the readers of this blog, but in my nearly 40 years, I've NEVER been arrested for anything. How do you manage 8 times? No wonder true American's are now fed up."
"A dyslexic man walks into a bra."
"Soft kisses fade away in frothing soapsuds"
"Arty McGoo is the alias for my creative side. My Sasha Fierce, if you will. Like a gremlin, she usually comes out in the middle of the night brandishing a paintbrush and a glassy-eyed stare. Besides being part gremlin I am a wife and mother of 3 who uses the word AWESOME way too often. To find time to create, it is often necessary to stay up all hours of the night finishing a project in those quiet, uninterrupted, dark hours of the morning."
"This is a nice examle of the things you can find by doing a little research. The table is an original made for me, to my needed dimensions and for way less than stores wanted for something similar. Way. Less."
"*****“Hello, thank you very much for your participation in our scholarship program. We had great response with a number of amazing submissions. The judging was very difficult due to the number of submissions and the level of photography. Though you were not selected for the scholarship you had applied for, you have been chosen with select others for the Honorable Mention scholarship.”*****"
"Goes down on my cock extremely slowly"
"Still I didn’t think it was such a big deal. I thought she’d stumble and pray but she’d pray and I’d have my… silly little token."
"Thank you to all my beautiful friends who also attended yesterday's reception to make it such a memorable and wonderful celebration of family, friendship and love."
"(2) In wording of past tense as it had happened, and was confirmed and it remained as it was."
"Judd's office and lab were on the corner of building twelve, the McMillan, and somehow the walls were standing, but the roof was blown off and presumably the second floor had fallen in. He didn't have a good feeling, but Xi was positive about a signal, so Judd climbed into a open window and started poking around in what he thought was his assigned rooms. His SomCom floated over to a pile of rubble and excitedly bobbed. “Here, and here.” It zipped over to another heap. “Here here.”"
"God took the strength of a mountain,"
"For starters, this means that I have to work at a climbing problem until I pull myself up over the top."
"On Capitol Hill, the chorus of senior lawmakers calling for aid to Egypt to be suspended over the affair is growing, and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has warned that the funds could be in jeopardy."
"To summarize, private language is formed by public language in two ways. First, it precedes private language and provides its very source. The idiosyncrasies of private language result from the way individuals take and create specific paths through language. Secondly, after this private language comes into being, public language, through education and editing, reshapes private language to make it more conventional and understandable."
"So for your delight and delectation, here’s my top three ‘good excuses’ to leave your house, that have nothing to do with Islamic New Year- but, hey, we all need a good excuse now and then."
"David was a modest man. I remember one night we were in a quiet little bistro in London when a couple of \"swingin' birds\" (that's what we used to call \"smokin'-hot nymphos.\" It was a simpler time) recognized him. When they asked him if he was the famous ad man he demured and said no, he was King of Denmark."
"Galvion spoke of Skyrim and all of it’s mods as well as his decision not to play Mass Effect 3."
"Specifications of the disks:"
"They LOVE school."
"Happy as a clam."
"It's Deborah from Uganda. A nice match with our other sponsor child Debika."
"I Coulda Been a Contenda"
"Russia's Vapid and Misguided Immigration Policy"
"A poem by John Wandzilak (1958)"
"The Urutsk: Space Age is envisioned as the core Urutsk game, written with Advanced Dungeons & Dragons in mind, and the other eras would be expansions off this hub. I'm writing up Generalist class, and knocking the XP tables down one level, so that everyone starts at 0th and graduates to 1st. The Starship Crew Positions get a Class and Profession treatment. Advanced armour and arms and gear will feature things such as Blasters, Light Battlesuit Armour, and Networked Dataslates. Etc."
"Or that they will be the victims of some random killer."
"Sriracha was an Ingredient of the Year in both Bon Appetit and Saveur last year, but I’m not sure if they meant as a dessert ingredient. If you know someone who puts hot sauce on everything, make them some sriracha ice cream and see if they can guess the flavor!"
"Freestyle moto X -II"
"Now wipe it with a baby wipe and your white doilies will be seen clearly over the painted tag."
"The mind still boggles how such damage can be done. And yet I find it so amusing as to some of my most familiar areas and roads, with debris floating waist deep down the street!"
"I serve my Self, and others with Love;"
"Q Can entries be cancelled?"
"The line to get into the Montague Street Ricky's -- the \"hottest, craziest Halloween costume superstore in New York City\" -- extended down the block by 4:30 Friday (Halloween) afternoon. Someone on line told us it was the same deal the day before."
"I've assuredly had the befalling to briefly try out Ghostbusters on the Wii. While it was far from abundant time to abode a abounding review, I anticipate I got a acceptable abundant consequence of the bold to analyze it with the Xbox 360 adjustment (henceforth referred to as the Terminal Absoluteness version). The aboriginal few things annual advertence are the visuals, controls, and features."
"How cute would a fondant polka dot cake look or a pink Valentine's cake with lots of red fondant hearts? Any cookie cutter would make a cute design."
"Lord keep us humble, dependent, yet serenely joyful. May we be calm and"
"“This program is really one that keeps our roads safe on this busy night of the year,” Reichert said. “It really serves the citizens and helps individuals avoid unwanted situations and results.”"
"\"May ne'er a noble"
"I would like to thank each and every one of you for your kind words and prayers on the passing of my mother. The funeral was hard for my Dad (he’ll be 99 in August) but he was doing pretty well on Thursday. The entire family felt surrounded and uplifted by your thoughts and prayers. Thank you from the bottom of my heart."
"\" ...and i'm trying to please to the calling of your heart-strings that play soft and low... \""
"I´m taking a break from cardmaking and blogging, so I just wanted to wish you all a very happy, healthy and prosperous 2012!"
"Note: If the headphone jack on your audio interface is hardwired to a particular pair of outputs, such as 1 and 2, it is a good idea to use this as the Pre-Listening output. Otherwise you will need an adapter to merge the left and right outputs to a stereo headphone connector."
"Now that May is finally upon us, I have to admit, I´m like a child at christmas - unaware of what to expect and completely unable to contain my excitement! On Friday evening, once another week of work came to an end (can´t believe how quickly the weeks are flying by!), I embraced this excitement and took to the streets of Córdoba in search of Las Cruces and the vivacious atmosphere which comes with them!"
"This inspires me. Sometimes I worry about my low word counts, but then I see something like this and I remember that I work at the pace I can work at, and that’s ok. And slow as it is, it still sometimes feels like my writing is consuming me. Which isn’t a bad thing at all…"
"Alexandra isn’t just some bloodsucking damsel in distress, though. She’s on a mission to save her people—and she’s dead certain that Winn’s family legacy is the only way. Luckily, aside from grace and class, she also has a stubborn streak a mile wide. So like it or not, Winn is going to come back with her to the mountains of Transylvania, and while he’s at it, change his opinions about vampires, demon-hunting, and who exactly deserves shooting. And if she has her way, he’s going to do his darnedest to save the world"
"About the Class"
"It's been a while since I update my blog..."
"Now that the spare bedroom is empty, I should be able to finish the sorting and unpacking this weekend...yay! (I WILL win the craft hoard war- even if I end up keeping some stuff I thought I was going to get rid of...because Hey we all win when we get to keep cool stuff right...lol)"
"“Jack is having a wolf dream,” Fortunatus said, after he closed the door behind them. “He has had one almost every night since Derrick was killed by Mara.”"
"-Three-ring binder"
"I recently tried out two shades of the VMV HYPOALLERGENICS Lip Gloss. The shades I have are Giggle and Goo; I like Giggle better. The formulation of these glosses are really nice; they are dye-free, free of irritating waxes, free of all types of fragrance, super shiny, have great pigmentation and feel comfortable on your lips."
"Who knows what will happen next,"
"On Thursday afternoon Adi came home with her friend N as her parents requested us to pick up the kid. Both of them spent the afternoon at home, exploring Adi’s long touched toys, playing board games, watching Alvin and the Chipmunks and I was working from home watching over them. Around 4pm I asked the girls if they want to visit the nearby library. They agreed provided I promise to treat them with pizza. So, after mutual agreement we spent a good one hour at library. Adi was happy to find the latest Magic tree house book # 47 “Abe Lincoln At Last” and settled with it, N settled with few reading books and myself with “Palace of Illusions” on my Kindle. I was determined to finish it on that day and did finish it at 1am . I know I know I must be the last one in the blog world to read this book but I deserve a pat on my back as at last I pulled myself to stay up late to finish the book rather I couldn’t really put it down. It was mesmerizing to read about all those familiar characters again especially Karna though some details were contradicting to what I knew about the epic. The very next night I watched the age old tamil film “Karna” and listened to this song at least hundred times so far to quench my thirst. I have not got over it yet. The song sung by Krishna when Karna is at his death bed at Kurukshetra war. Krishna sings this song praising Karna’s qualities and the fate of his life."
"Once you see the top bubbling and getting caramelized, take it out and keep aside to cool. Hold back the urge to touch it, it can burn your fingers (yes, been here done that)"
"Friday 4:30 - 5:30 - Joss Stone (Hot, young and a soul revivalist from Britain....maybe some of these youngsters get it....but why oh why do they have her up against Big Sam?!?! Arghh)."
"\"I could stay cool in space.\""
"There is a certain possessiveness inherent within otaku culture that is especially unforgiving towards female idols and seiyuu, and how much latitude they have in presenting themselves. Like a number of things, it’s about image built around a cult of personality. Should a female with a notable, established reputation make, for instance, a sudden wedding announcement or express an interest in moving on to other things, or, God forbid, do something not seiyuu/anime-related that indicates they in fact are real people with outside interests, the results can be ugly. Even before the scandal, Aya was unfortunately already well-acquainted with this side of otakudom. In fact, a female seiyuu/idol can even be crucified for events in her distant past, even before she came to prominence. Such was the case with Miyamura Yuko, seiyuu of EVA‘s Soryu Asuka Langley, whose career was more or less destroyed after fans recognized her from an old, amateur AV."
"a Woman who has been nothing short of spectacular to"
"I learned alot about myself during this experience. I am stronger than I thought I was. I didn't do a whole lot of crying and there were a lot of times where I thought I should have been scared but I wasn't. Also, I am a little more feisty than I knew. The way I talked to the cop that arrested me, and the fact that I butted heads with several of the guards showed me that. But I also know when to cut it off. Can't let my mouth get me into extra trouble. I know better."
"The plastic ono man was then cut down"
"This is essentially a fun and challenging game where users are set up against some near impossible basketball shots with hoops in weird spots, covered by boxes, clouds and planes in the way, and anything else you can think of. It reminds me of a mix between Angry Birds and Paper Toss only you are playing Basketball, and it’s loads of fun. Make your own trick shots today and check out the video preview."
"And I have run with my dog. Who loves to run, and waits at the door whenever I go out. Whines at the door while I am out on my long runs. And gets a few laps when I get back."
"Psalms 5:8"
"I wish them luck as they attempt to use their considerable influence to improve the elite level of the sport in this country."
"As a woman, Maas was often assigned work on flapper comedies and light dramas. Her first big success, The Plastic Age (1925), was a smash hit for Clara Bow, the “It girl.” Maas' screenwriting and story efforts – sometimes credited, sometimes not – include other Bow films like Dance Madness (1926), Hula (1927), and Red Hair (1928), two films featuring her friend Norma Shearer, His Secretary (1925) and The Waning Sex (1926), the Garbo movie Flesh and the Devil (1926), and the now lost Brooks film Rolled Stockings (1927)."
"Your Name:"
"Later at night, Hang Ah got herself a date. She’d be meeting an old friend. At the train station, Hang Ah had a flashback where Ki Yoon gave her make-up and happily recalls the moment. When she finally arrived at the meeting place, everyone started to sing as she came in. Ki Yoon knelt down suddenly asking to make their relationship official. As Hang Ah was about to accept the flowers, Ki Yoon quickly stood up. As it turns out, he was just practicing for the real proposal. WHAT THE!!! Hang Ah’s eyes started to tear up as things dawn at her and decided to immediately leave. Who can possibly stand that celebration?? Poor heart.."
"I have to say, this is the first time I have seen James Murdoch giving ‘evidence’ without using the phrase ‘zero tolerance policy’, so perhaps things are looking up. But I am still unable to grasp why the British policing and legal system hasn’t yet decided to feel Murdoch the Younger’s Brooks Brothers collar. Much as I admire Tom Watson’s thoroughness, the fact that he had to resort to using words like ‘mafia’ to get a reaction out of Lewis Murdoch is really a reflection of the fact that we’re watching a panel of amateurs trying to catch a grinning snake. The frustration is beginning to show through: young Jimbo is taking the piss, and it’s time the proper forces of law and order took over."
"Pakatan Rakyat has three members on the PSC, including PKR deputy president and Gombak MP Azmin Ali."
"I hope he will forgive me for my mistakes and we will be again the old friends we used to be."
"So yeah - bless the Farmers Weekly who reported 40% of Dairy herds have about a sixth of the cows producing gallons of pus"
"The Lord put it this way in Matthew 16:26. “For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?”"
"hysteria akin perhaps to the witch craze of the Middle Ages. How, they"
"Saturday: Chronis Pou Vasiliou and Matthew Beasley playing Greek Music."
"Champion’s parents have sued the company that owns the bus where the hazing took place."
"Elijah's Coins"
"But the most fantastic and exciting event of the night was ice dancing! The final portion of the ice dance competition, the free dance would finally determine who would win the gold! And would this be history in the making? Would North America finally knock Russia off the gold? This was an epic war for dominance, and all the athletes brought out their best!"
"“I Am a Singer” has focused on artists and performers who are not currently enjoying a great amount of mainstream popularity, so our choices must exclude massively popular acts. The singers or bands may have once been popular in the past and we are being a little flexible with what we consider popular. Since this is indie/underground we're talking about, few singers and bands will fail this test."
"Fenugreek seeds"
"I will miss our local market and I will relish the memory (and tastes!) of all the various markets we have either stumbled across in our travels or made a point of visiting."
"Oh, I just fell in love with the place. I felt like I was a kid trapped happily in a Wonderland of my favorite clothes, not to mention the “We Found Love” backdrop from Rihanna, which added spice to the experience. If there’s instant love – then this is it."
"This is of course entirely consistent with socialism and democracy being valid ideas – because few things are as obvious as that our ‘democracy’ is undemocratic, and that the Union of Soviet ‘Socialist’ Republics was a class system. But for Nietzsche of course, this distinction – between socialism and ‘socialism’ – cannot appear, for the same reason that the distinction between priests and ‘the suffering’ on whose behalf they speak cannot appear. But we need not imitate his blindness."
"As a corporate trainer for the company, he has provided assistance for the Recruitment department by coaching and setting expectations with both the walk-in and invited applicants to increase the likelihood of them passing the selection process. He has also co-designed the company’s internal Near-hire Training, which is aimed at giving a second chance to those who didn’t pass the entire application process by rectifying and refining their voice quality, accent and delivery, grammar, and pronunciation. With this, when they go through the application anew, their chances at landing a job in the company are increased. Furthermore, he has created most of its documentations and established/streamlined majority of the accompanying processes and procedures. He, additionally, was instrumental for the enhancement of the organization’s New Employee Orientation in terms of its work flow and presentation to the new hires. Finally, he’s the mind and the hands behind the design and development of most of the training modules that are being run in the company, some of which are Business Correspondence, Email Etiquette, Creative Thinking, Effective Teamwork in the Workplace, and Training Plan just to mention a few."
"Dr. Masaya Matsumura, National Agriculture and Food Research Organization, Japan"
"Use the Crisco to cover your hands and knead the mixture with your hands. The Crisco isn't an ingredient, but just a tool to keep the marshmallow from sticking unmercifully to you. Having fun yet? You should only add water if the consistency of the 'dough' is dry and breaking apart. It will feel like Play-doh."
"Now it shall spring forth;"
"When a dark stranger begins watching her from afar, and her prankster best friend becomes strangely protective of her, Meghan senses that everything she's known is about to change. But she could never have guessed the truth—that she is the daughter of a mythical faery king and is a pawn in a deadly war."
"Obdulio Ruiz Diaz, 44, New York, N.Y."
"I hope you enjoyed my card today, and I thank you for your visit and your kind comments. Have a wonderful crafty day! Take care."
"We got another mistakes."
"David Seamands wrote in his book Healing Grace: “Because of the Fall, imperfectness permeates the whole universe. Try to grasp the all-inclusive losses which came about. The original and innate human perfections are gone, and we can never again regain them through our efforts, no matter how hard we try.” (61-62) He lists 6 major categories of lostness we are facing since the fall. He then goes on to point out that even though there is no way for us to regain this lostness, there is hope: “If the ultimate cure is grace, then the ultimate cause of the behavior is the failure to understand, experience, and live out grace at every level of our lives. This means we must learn to give up every futile attempt to achieve right relationships by any other means than God’s total plan of grace.” (67) Grace, in freeing the entire person, is liberating, freeing. It enables us to get up and obey and worship."
"In the opinion of the four men hustling back to their cabin … the U.N. troops had just made a huge mistake."
"Genre Appeal: (7/10) – As an action movie, Wrath is decent. The action scenes are reasonably fun to watch, the sense of powerful stuntwork is there, and I’d be lying if I said that the movie wasn’t thrilling in its own small, but noteworthy way, especially since the 3D effectively adds to the movie’s sense of power and atmosphere. As a fantasy movie though, Wrath feels a bit too gritty and grounded, despite the appearance of Greek mythology beasts and titans trying desperately to claim otherwise. It’s not quite so down-to-earth as Immortals was, but Wrath lacks a sense of wonder and enchantment, even as a Greek mythology movie, making it seem kind of weak as a fantasy film. If you’re going for the thrills and spills, Wrath is good enough to check out if you’re laid-back and easygoing with your action fix, but if you want a really strong, memorable fantasy blockbuster, you might want to keep waiting for the Summer offerings that are right around the corner."
"I'm gonna take your money"
"I, for one, will be there! As a matter of fact, I am writing the program essay about Pandora's Box for the Festival booklet, and, I will be signing copies of my \"Louise Brooks edition\" of The Diary of a Lost Girl following the film."
"Wennborg H, Magnusson LL, Bonde JP, Olsen J. Congenital malformations related to maternal exposure to specific agents in biomedical research laboratories. J Occup Environ Med 2005; 47: 11-19."
"Dad or, maybe, Mum?"
"Garden Path comes next and has an incredibly irritating chorus ‘don’t follow, follow, follow, follow, follow me’ ugh. I’m done. Oh wait, two more songs. Really? It seems like this guy has done all he can. Liiines at least mixes it up making it a bit more bold, and feels like we’re getting somewhere. It’s not good yet though. Floating then ends the record (finally) and makes me feel like I’ve been underwater the whole time listening to the album but finally I’m floating."
"Hello and happy Tuesday... !"
"Another thing that St. Michan’s is famous for is the presence of mummified remains in the crypts under the church. In the crypt one can view the mummified remains of four people, at least one of which dates back to the time of the crusades. These bodies were preserved because of the limestone in the walls of the crypts. Additionally under in the crypts there are two brothers also interred there and their claim to fame was that they were involved in the Wolfe Tone uprising in the 1790′s. Wolfe Tone is often credited with being the first inspiration for the Irish Republic."
"Hittin’ it hard on hump day!"
".blink….blink…..yeah….small smile…...no worries…..sure…....this will work……ARE YOU NUTS???”"
"For books, the style required for the reference list should be: Author surname followed by given names with first (or legal) given name in full and others as initials, followed by the year of publication in parentheses, and a full stop/period. The title of the book should be italicised, with its principal words beginning with a capital letter, and should end with a full stop/period. The publisher's name should then be given, with the town or city of publication included in parentheses. If the book is co-authored by two authors, their names should be separated by an ampersand; if co-authored by more than two, all but the last name should be separated by commas, and the last name should be separated by an ampersand. Here are some hypothetical examples:"
"The ladies and I have crossed the street, still heading north, and are now on a newer section of the path, still the Jordan River Parkway. The river looks almost wild here and you don’t realize how close to the city you are. Russian Olive trees are not native to Utah and there is a movement afoot, more activism, to eradicate them. Personally I find them beautiful, especially in a riparian situation, and I hope this movement fails."
"Amongst the various items on last nights BBC2 Newsnight was a report by Nick Bryant on racial violence in Australia, aimed at Indian students. It appears that there have been at least 97 reported attacks on students from the sub-continent who are studying in Australia, which has resulted in demonstrations by Asian students demanding that the government take action to halt the violence."
"Duuudes you have no idea what happened to me. This is so damn funny, I have to share."
"But, when trying to make a decision,"
"The producer’s role is not limited to the recording studio. Ideally, a producer brings insight to the project’s songs long before recording starts. Many producers are talented arrangers and songwriters who can bolster your songs with their fresh ears. Similarly, producers have often been around the block a few times and have many helpful hints, or even connections, to help you promote your recording. For the indie recording artist, a producer is a good resource for guidance about publishing, mechanical royalties, performance rights, and referrals to the entertainment lawyers you will need."
"While lurking, and taking a brief hiatus from writing at CRN.info, I read this in the comments thread of another post: “This place is supposed to be the “Christian” blog…er…right?” Well, I can say: “Yes! It is.” We don’t always agree (sometimes we don’t really even like each other very much); we certainly do not all share the same ideas about theology or politics!, but at the end of the day, we still have enough nerve to love each other, correct each other, demonstrate grace to each other, and help one another carry the burdens of this life. This is why I cannot, even though I said I would, stay away for a week. Not only is writing my passion, but I love those I write with here and those who read. This place, as a microcosm of the church, is where I meet grace daily–no matter how badly a post is written or how many people take umbrage with it. Grace. Ahh…how did Annie Dillard write it? “One catches grace as a man fills a cup under a waterfall.”"
"1/2 teaspoon saffron threads, crumbled"
"I have my fingers crossed, as well as my pedal phalanges, my eyes, and everything else that it’s possible to cross. The main reason is, of course, to piss off that Alien and send it away to an alternate universe. I’m tired. And I’m tired of being tired! It’s tiring being tired. But enough of that. I’m tired. Good night all! (It is still night somewhere….)"
"So I took up scuba diving - is that close enough?"
"On a similar note, my little ones in their outfit of the week:"
"Protest the haters, riot the bigotry"
"There’s a little girl in Penny’s class who always arrives with armfuls of stuff. A transformer. A wooden crawfish. A princess. A baby doll. Something different every day, thrust into the hands of her teachers."
"Note to new mommies- Tanya offers a special mom-package and “baby barre” classes at the studio!"
"The straps are too big, hence their hanging on the side. I decided to leave them like that because they look better that way than up. Although I might just make tie straps..."
"4. I like Vanilla Ice. That has nothing to do with why I have been absent, but I felt like getting it out there. Word to your mother."
"Exhaustion helps justify almost anything."
"Whitt's mandolin lay quiet in her arms like a baby held lovingly against it's mother's breast, tired and fast asleep. Warm and happy from the love passed from mother to daughter and around them, the world healed."
"So, lets get on with the fun stuff right away shall we? pinky promise i will not babble on and on today."
"Mickey Rooney, and Little Nellie Kelly with Judy Garland. Plus, remember,"
"What you might not be able to see from the picture above is that the tree was stamped, colored with Copics and carefully trimmed. It's popped up on dimensionals."
"T3 - The Elemental Keys could be about finding (a) particular artifact(s) allowing entrance (perhaps Goldenskull wasn't kept inside the Temple but safeguarded elsewhere!), and wouldn't require railroading if the characters were already (falsely) accused of 'treason' and being hunted."
"Please accept our apologies for what you and your wife experienced on our Route 86 tram. Just as your questions are based on the predication that the police could not have possibly taken so long to respond to our call for assistance (and the cause for delay must have been within Yarra Trams), our Fleet Operator also believed that police would be available to meet with the tram in a timely manner. Regrettably in this instance, there were no police officers available to attend to the tram until 7:20pm, which contributed to the negative experience of those customers onboard the first Route 86 tram."
"by Elizabeth Madox Roberts"
"I love the simple elegance of this Valentine's card using one of the new paper packs from CTMH and my Cricut Art Philosophy cartridge. I like the look of using the negative space and tried my hand at machine stitching on my art for the first time (it was almost my last when my thread snagged six stitches in). The bow was made with our new baker's twine."
"He's \"extremely fond\" of me."
"We've had thunder here most of the afternoon, but the storm isn't here..over the mountains a bit. Definitely the weather will break soon because it's been so very hot."
"For every problem, a solution: a take with you wherever you go makeup sac that keeps products cool in all kinds of weather. At the beach, in the car -- anywhere where it's hot and things can melt, we now have one less worry. Tintamar has invented a system like those other sacks for sandwiches and such where you slide in a ice thingie right from the fridge that will keep all cosmetics cool."
"“Because I said so.”"
"Furthermore, will the Fed and global central banks try an reduce this risk with coordinated quantitative easing? Imagine the reaction of the “crack”/liquidity addicted markets to such a policy surprise. Gold would likely soar $200-300 on such an announcement."
"Although she was very docile in the cold weather, I can imagine my fright if she were active and running around in my house."
"However, despite its success on the international stage, the film has received short shrift from Iranian cultural officials."
"So I am pleased to introduce you to the final two, Amelia and Sharon together with a few comments from the DT as to why they selected their entries, plus a little bio about each along with their winning entry. I do hope you will take time to pop along and visit them both and see more of their fabulous work."
"Sincerity without selfish agenda."
"Blend until smooth. If I drink one for breakfast I'm still full at lunch and only need a mid-afternoon snack."
"No question- I'm still my father's son and sometimes that's just a little bit scary."
"Harvey, already pretty eccentric, skittish, and proprietary to begin with, eventually soured on me after a bizarre incident worth mentioning, since this blog also sometimes is about writing and publishing."
"Me: You are, a little."
"Today was the day. We went to Kelowna. I forgot to bring the paper with the address. I couldn't remember the Dr's name. Maybe that was a sign... And when we found the office (I remembered the street and asked someone), the receptionist (who was wonderful!) said that there had been confusion and that our Doctor had said the appointment was cancelled... Perhaps another sign I should have heeded and gone home... Nevertheless, we went through with it and filled out the intake form."
"Share one thing you're nostalgic for from your childhood, and I'll enter you into the drawing. Two lucky winners will get a pack of Garbage Pail Kids in the mail."
"The important thing about the third conditional is that both the condition and result are impossible now, that’s why it is called Past Unreal Conditional. Sometimes, we use should have, could have, might have instead of would have, for example: If you had bought a lottery ticket, you might have won."
"father's boxers"
"\"Not at all. Brigham Young told us--\""
"The WORLD says… Wealth and possessions are mine to enjoy because I earned them."
"- Gil"
"Once again, it was time to take the Tea. For many of the others, it was obvious that the drink was truly disgusting and difficult to get down. For me, however, it was about the same as last night – not really that bad. I think holding my nose helps and just getting it on down quickly, but I had no trouble ingesting it or keeping it down. Just lucky, I think. Others have told me that I should not assume it will always be so easy."
"76) You’re daddy must be a hunter because he sure caught a fox!"
"This crisp was such a hit with everyone I've served it to. Son and Daughters both clamor for more and Son will sit down and enjoy this dessert like it's his last meal. I'm not so fond of giving Children tons of sugar as a way to make them eat, but somehow, watching Son enjoy this particular dessert really made me smile. He just loved it. He loved eating something that everyone was eating together. These sweet times, are really just that, sweet."
"from a cabinet he tore out of the kitchen"
"17. Renee"
"*we shopped at the local boutiques"
"Look at what we're faced with every few days. At least we know a lot of people who are happy to take them off of our hands, it's a reminder of the bounty of summer that is so important to capture and store to spread throughout the year."
"When he did gain power, he implemented economic policies that would endear him to many of the Left today. His policies were basically protectionist. He controlled the exchange-rate of the Italian currency and promoted that old favourite of the economically illiterate -- autarky -- meaning that he tried to get Italy to become wholly self-sufficient rather than rely on foreign trade. He wanted to protect Italian products from competing foreign products. The Leftist anti-globalizers of today would approve."
"SWEET STUFF for my FOLLOWERS!!! It has been a bit since I offered some SWEET STUFF so no time like the present!!! All you have to do is leave your info with the little Blue Froggy before Wednesday, May 16 at midnight EST and you will be in for the draw. If you don't have a blog just skip over the URL info and you can still leave your info. Hope you like this SWEET STUFF!! Good Luck!!"
"So he stuck his head in the sand."
"252No pulse that riots, and no blood that glows."
"I just need a few days, ok?"
"One of the quilts I've recently completed- she asked for a simple border pattern, and this is what we came up with. I've never used this before, but I really like it- I think it fits this quilt."
"With that, he opened the fire extinguisher,"
"fallen piñatas full of slippery promises"
"Who wouldn't like to have a 457 page guide written by almost 50 experts on what to buy for resale when you are out shopping garage sales, thrift stores, flea markets, and estate sales? I mean really, why hasn't a book like this been put together before now?!?! Lucky for us, the amazing Janelle Elms from OSI Rockstars had the idea and made it happen - and it is going to be released very soon!"
"I was running the other evening, listening to the Beastie Boys when the song Sure Shot started playing that says \"Because you can't you won't and you don't stop\". I was running up a hill (a HILL!) and kept repeating that line in my head like a ticking clock or a dripping faucet. It worked. I didn't stop as soon as I felt tired, I kept going for what felt like a long time, but in reality was probably only 30 seconds."
"Basically I cut the wood to the length I wanted the table to be, glued the edges, butted the sides together and clamped the whole thing together for a couple of days - I omitted the clamping last time which I would never do again."
"Click the link above for the entry form. Please type your name or screen name in the Caption or Title field, then choose the link and photo you'd like to enter. Please link directly to your specific blog post with your card in it, and not your general blog url."
"- Bloomington Symphony Orchestra: $855.87 for its 2012 Summer Concert in the Park project."
"-11 57 ’6.67 , -76 52 25.71"
"I want to start seeing some Hearts since Valentine's Day is fast approaching."
"Douglas Murray"
"So Feynman “stopped trying to keep up with what others were doing and went back to his roots, comparing experiment with theory, making guesses that were all his own.” Thus he became creative again, as he had been when he had just been working things out for himself, before becoming a famous physicist in academia. While this is an important lesson for science, it is a supreme lesson for any discipline where “current knowledge” can be dominated by theories that are simply incoherent."
"Maybe he's just playing a trick on me. Maybe he just wants to have some time to himself. Maybe he will realize what a mistake he is making by breaking it off with me."
"I am sitting at home this evening, not feeling very well. I think it's one of those things where you have a slight relief of academic pressure and your body shuts down. Fun."
"dime was taken from the jar."
"5) At least once a week my husband and I have an argument about who is \"the funny one\" in our relationship. Contrary to what you might think, these arguments are never funny."
"for half day preschool & possibly kindergarten."
"i believe in success"
"It became pretty clear that I had lost everything. Work files, pre-drafted blog posts and about seven years of pictures. Gone. Not backed up."
"(I would also argue that women have their own art for attracting men that is rather impressive but I won’t go into that right now)."
"That was really vital when it came to this recipe because it was soooo good, it was really hard to stop at just one or two. My favorite foods have always been appetizers. In fact, if it were up to me, at the end of dinner, instead of a dessert menu, I would be handed back the appetizer menu. Who wants ice cream or cake if I can have wings or jalapeno poppers?"
"So, there you have it! My newest obsession, via Pinterest: making super cute things out of reusable shopping bags. And I'm just getting started!"
"I'm not entirely happy with how this project turned out, as I mentioned last post, I put a lot of thought into projects for the people I knit for. But what counts in the end is that they keep his hands warm in the moments when I am not there. I'll be sending these off to him tomorrow!"
"Carefully evaluating workers’ compensation claims is crucial in helping your company save money and prevent fraud. Workers’ compensation is simply a form of insurance that offers employees medical coverage in the event they are injured during a work-related function. Depending on the state of residence, it may also give compensation for disabilities sustained or cover rehabilitation costs so the employee can return to the workplace quickly and smoothly."
"Above all the conflict involves the question who gets to explain the world. Who is given the authority to do so. What science gives us, works most of the time, it’s useful for our purposes but still it can get falsified at any time. Physics are not so important in everyday life after all, so the people want to now how to be healthy, how to live, how to be attractive. Well, there are armies of false prophets scoring on these problems. All of them have in common one thing, trying to sound scientific (ok there is some new age stuff as well, but treated like a sect) Dr. House solves every hopeless case with logic. That’s good for him. He teaches us is that with logic you can solve any problem. I’d like him to meet Dexter sometime."
"of a giant wheeled suitcase with everything but the kitchen sink! This irritated many strangers as they had to help me hoist it onto trains, buses, and boats!"
"Look at how each side approaches the ideas of the other…"
"BEST ORIGINAL SCORE FOR A FANTASY/SCIENCE FICTION/HORROR FILM"
"Got back from a weekend of fun and sun with the girls in Langkawi."
"forward motion"
"Remember the optional glass cup?"
"we dare be brave"
"This fall card was featured on the cover of the November 2011 CARDS Magazine. It is my all-time favorite from this year. It represents so much for me, but mostly a dream realized... and the beginning of something that I hope continues to grow and blossom."
"Do I continue on with my days as normal?"
"Investigators noted that on 31st May 2008 that account contained USD 29.6 million!"
"It’s been two weeks, which means it’s time for friends and podcasters John S. Drew and Paul K. Bisson to release the latest episode of Cyborgs: A Bionic Podcast. The show is devoted to revisiting the cult-classic TV series The Six Million Dollar Man and The Bionic Woman in a roundtable discussion sorta fashion. Each show includes a guest host to share in the fun, and for this installment I was called up for third second stint in the extra chair."
"· Proven ability to drive decisions and actions among diverse groups to achieve goals."
"Seriously, fuck this show."
"Well, for a given value of ‘explanation’."
"Today is the last day of the free promo. At just before 10 a.m. EDT, Safe Harbor is now #217 in the Kindle Free Store, and holding at #10 in Free Suspense and #12 in Free Thriller. I’m aiming for the top place in Suspense and Thriller by the end of the day. And for the top 100 in the Free Kindle Store."
"When I sent my email to Yarra Trams, I imagined an overworked 21 year-old on their ninety-eighth email of the day (at ten past nine in the morning) scanning my email, seeing the word ‘poo’ and bringing up the “excrement-fouled tram’ template."
"I am a BNP supporter, and consider myself to be a nationalist, not a neo-Nazi. There is a difference! Were you aware that Winston Churchill once suggested the Tories use the slogan \"Keep England white\"? Google it if you do not believe me."
"The state-owned Dadu Hydropower Development Co., Ltd., which expanded to take on the dam-building, calls it ‘the enclosing of water resources. Its corporate website explains it tapped other companies (China Datang Cooperation, China Huadian Cooperation, Zhongxu Investment Co.) to “exploit several new sections” of cascade power stations. We hit new company boundaries every few hours, marked by gates of steel poles and flapping flags."
"Betty White was also an early winner, picking up her second consecutive trophy for Best Female Actor in a Comedy Series for her work in “Hot in Cleveland.”"
"Determine my flow"
"I have my friend Alex Keto to thank for introducing Tintin to my family. Like so many of you Alex mailed my boys books after our house burned and the books he sent were some of the many Adventures of Tintin."
"Decidedly not a shoe freak, Friedrich took photocopies of the prints and duplicated the shoes in glass."
"If you dig deeper, it is also about questions of where the rich-poor divide comes from: Is it just about hard work? Or is it because it takes money to make money, and those that start at the bottom of the pile face a much harder climb?"
"38. Christine: Stephen King +"
"Something happened March 13, when a woman, hired to dance at a private party, alleged that three lacrosse players sexually assaulted her in a bathroom for 30 minutes."
"God is not wearing three masks. And the word person comes from the Greek word persona which simply means mask. God does not wear three masks to reveal himself."
"Grimes’s academic background as an English college professor is evident in her fondness for literary allusions. In The Jerusalem Inn, she refers to two classic mystery pieces: Wilkie Collins’s novel, The Woman in White, and Robert Browning’s poem, “My Last Duchess.” Both narratives reverberate throughout the novel."
"We decided to start getting back as the sun was starting to set, but first we had to deal with a huge people-jam. Whilst we were amongst it all, we thought we would never get out. I was very convinced it was a dead-end as there could be no other reason for all these people also struggling to move in the opposite direction to us. 15 minutes of my life wasted later and we were out. I felt successful. On the way back to the bikes I saw a scout stall selling t-shirts which I regret not buying. They said “I crown(in picture form) NL”. I don’t have a t-shirt to signify my stay in the Netherlands and this one seemed very nice in comparison to the ones we would see the next day in Amsterdam. I also want this one in town that says “I rain cloud (in picture form) NL”. However they only stock this in XL and man size. The burden of being a women."
"9, Jenks by Kim Harrison"
"However, the Meme does not care how my friends call themselves; the Meme demands to know how my children will be named despite there being, as yet, no sire for them. So here’s my best assay:"
"Nor consider the things of old."
"Daniel, Lucy’s fiancé, represented this masculine, controlling society. While I was initially sceptical about the almost villainous turns that his character took, I couldn’t help but care for Lucy and fear for the control that Daniel exerted over her life. It took me a while to understand that he wasn’t being a brainless menace, as some villains are, but simply taking advantage of the control that any man had over a woman in this period. This image was powerful but also understated. I have to say that it was the development of Daniel’s character that could have really influenced my impression of this novel. I’m not keen on characters who seem to be overtly villainous with no redeeming qualities, but Daniel wasn’t like this. His controlling character developed slowly, and the turn that it took at the end of the novel really endeared me to this book. Olivia didn’t slip into stereotyping, and also managed to teach some contemporary lessons about mental health."
"On Saturday morning I had to admit defeat and tell hubby he was right…. I think I am better suited to sit up front and take the money than do all that running serving tables. Trust me, 54 years old is NOT the time to start serving tables unless you’ve done it for a LONG time or are in GREAT physical shape… neither of which is the case for me! To my chagrin I had to admit defeat and tell him that YES, he was correct…we WERE going to need to hire more servers and I’d be just as happy as a little clam to sit my big fat tookus and handle the money and greet the customers and help out serving if we got slammed. I am just smart enough to know when to yell “Uncle”!"
"Storytelling and narrative a bigger part of the marketing for all BMW models."
"We have the power to make someone else feel like a huge piece of...poop. And that's not right. You have to realize that everybody isn't that annoying; you're just in a bad mood and you have to stop yourself before unleashing your rage and say things that you might later regret."
"“This is easier than opening a can!” He says. This is a recipe that my mom taught me. The name refers to how the biscuits are wide and flat on top… perhaps resembling the top of a cat’s head? Regardless, you will like these biscuits."
"In drafting the know-how section, the licensee should assure more than just the transfer of information. Show-how provisions, wherein the licensor agrees to demonstrate how to use the technology correctly, are also vital."
"American History"
"A week after Nick Saban mentioned the possibility on an SEC teleconference, Curry said, “We have not heard from them.”"
"“We, like you, are refugees from the world. … We, like you, could no longer handle the pace and the pressure. We, like you, have made the decision to escape the madness and to find here, on our asteroid, a far simpler lifestyle. A lifestyle you are more than welcome to join in."
"2 c. light brown sugar"
"Now it was time to hand off to Van 1 again and go find our midway hotel. Because of the twisty-turny nature of the route we were able to get a midway hotel which we were able to go back to during our off time. It was great! During our first break, we grabbed a shower, some food & a nap. Our nap was cut short when we got a call that the other van was way ahead of schedule and we had to hit the road in a hurry. So 30 minutes for me. As the first runner in our van I hit panic stations trying to make sure I had all my requisite nighttime gear. In the process of dressing I made a bad decision. I decided to change my shoes to my ascics cumulus that I run in occasionally thinking that the wider toe box would be nice. OMG, my right heel was killing me within 2 miles. It was a hard run for me. I have never run in the dark...and it was a little spooky. I had to put my headphones away because every time someone passed me I'd freak out. It wasn't much more comforting to hear the heavy breathing bearing down on you though. Plus the sidewalks were uneven so I had to be really careful with my footing. So I was slow. Like 11:24 pace slow. I passed a beach along the way and then wound through some residential neighbourhoods. My awesome van stopped at a turn they thought might be hard for me to find and made sure I was ok. It was so good to see them and they pumped me up for the rest of the run! It is weird running with a headlamp...like running in a tunnel! I had a lot of miles to cover in this second leg, but 2 of my van-mates had to do trails....now that was spooky for them! Lots of people didn't like the trails and were surprised they were there. We were surprised too, but I guess if you actually READ the Ragmag, you'd have seen they were clearly marked. None of us got lost, for which I was very thankful! But I will say that the road markers could have been closer together, especially on the trail sections. It was all very Blair Witch Project-like."
"Mr Dawkins had backed up his claim by saying that the proportion of people identifying themselves as Christians had plunged from 72 per cent to just 54 per cent in the past ten years. He said the findings supported his contention that all signs of religion in British public life should be removed, along with Christian opposition to social changes such as gay marriage and assisted suicide."
"5) WD Wisconsin - 50%"
"This was a wonderful experience, not least because of the yummy biscuits I received. The sense of connection with six other people, knowing the care that went into choosing a recipe, baking, packing and sending the biscuits off was really special - I honestly can't decide if I enjoyed receiving or sending them more. Luckily I don't have to choose because I think it was the combination - receiving my biscuits in the post made sending the one's I'd made out that much more meaningful and fun!"
"I knew I should probably start looking at our options."
"NYU contends that the W-2 form and the emails between Fleurimond and several NYU employees conclusively establish that Fleurimond developed Orion while she was an NYU employee, acting within the scope of her employment. However, in the Court's view, these documents may not be considered on a Rule 12(c) motion for judgment on the pleadings. These documents were neither referenced in Fleurimond's complaint, nor relied upon in drafting the complaint. It is equally clear that they are not documents of which the Court may take judicial notice."
"Whether or not someone stutters when they speak or you just can’t understand them at all, do you take the time to listen? Or do you just walk away………………"
"Someone will always tell you it can’t be done."
"How about you? How has God led you to know Him more deeply? How has He shown you how to trust Him to provide? What are the stories of your Standing Stones?"
"Brenda Russell blocks the cold with a blanket,"
"Since when did I live in your heart?"
"These simple coconut flour cookies are easy to make, soft and chewy , and of course gluten free. I love using coconut flour for baking. It has an interesting taste that is rich. moist, and creamy. It is also very high in fiber and has five times the fiber of brown rice flour. Fiber makes snacks more satisfying and filling and keeps our system moving. I also used palm sugar which is lower on the glycemic scale than regular sugar and lower in carbs."
"Seven years ago when I entered graduation, my father handed me the first mobile phone of my life. It was not a really great phone in terms of the ones we see today. There wasn’t any camera, MP3 player, 3G etc. It was just a normal Nokia phone which could be used to do the basic functions like making a call, using the GPRS, sending an SMS etc. Since then a lot has changed in the world of Nokia as its market share in India plummeted from about 90% to 30-35% today. But nothing changed in my world of mobile phones until a week back."
"Why would I want to when I had found the absolute love of my life?"
"Father’s approaching him"
"when we were young, oh hoh so young"
"I honestly don’t know who has the right plan, so that’s why I’m going to talk about this stuff with all of you. Sometimes it’s going to be hysterical and sometimes it may be a little sad. Either way, I have a feeling 29 will be far from boring. I also have a feeling 30 won’t be some kind of a life sentence of 24-7 maturity and bland living."
"Odds are…it will not happen. But if we look at where we are right now, and work with what we have, we’ll find that we can overcome the challenges and fears we face and create the perfect opportunity that we’d likely never find without the experience and determination we have because of it."
"This fabric wasn't cheap, but it's so cute and also 2 yards in length. It's hard to find yardage in vintage fabrics and I wasn't going to pass it up."
"Torn to shreds of the dead"
"and Life goes on down the road, sir, down the road."
"150g (1/3 lb) all purpose flour"
"Preheat to 350°"
"- 4PM Goblin \"Fuckin\" Cock who is going to \"Fucking rock our world!\" (Say in devil voice, but sing it in Ozzy voice). These guys showed up looking like alternative rockers, changed into matching \"Goblin Cock Crew\" uniforms (kind of looking like hayseed fed-ex guys), started a dry ice machine, then came marching out in Grim reaper robes with satin face covering. I think they took their Black Sabbath fetish too far. The music was definitely spooky, but not as bad as you're probably thinking....and the FREE BEER Showed up...\"A Whoo Hoo!\""
"The Buck Pets - The Buck Pets (Island 1989)"
"While there is occasional drama in the blogosphere I suppose what I want newer bloggers, or even just disillusioned bloggers, to focus on is the very real relationships that come about because of blogging. All of the swirling angst is irrelevant. It doesn't matter what authors and publishers say or what they want. It doesn't matter if you write \"reviews\" or \"reactions.\" It doesn't matter what anyone's opinion of blogging may be. It doesn't matter if you're getting paid or not. We do this for us and we do this for each other. We blog because we love books and we love sharing what we read."
"Happy Sunday - I hope you all had a great weekend! Yesterday, my daughter Courtney and I along with my sister, niece and Courtney's friend all went wedding dress shopping. Yes....Courtney is getting married June 2013. After 5 bridal shops, she finally said \"yes\" to the dress. She looks absolutely beautiful and the dress is perfect! :)"
"STEP 5: From this point forward, ALL pitches will be thrown AT Derek Jeter. Somebody needs to teach him a lesson and we all know he doesn’t move well enough to get out of the way anymore."
"and orange peels."
"A co-worker presented me with the earrings that were her mother's once she saw me wearing the first brooch and they really compliment each other. My little butterfly pin is so sweet as well and for the life of me I can't recall where I came across it. Odd for me as I usually remember where all of my treasures originated and what we had to pay for them. Some really great finds for really great prices have enabled me to have a great collection."
"180g chicken breast"
"One of these films is 1990’s Coupe De Ville, staring a young Patrick Dempsey and Daniel Stern with Alan Arkin playing their father. The story is of 3 brothers who famously don’t get along assigned with the task of driving their mothers birthday present , a 1954 Cadillac from Detroit to Florida. The brothers encounter various problems along the way and go so far as to nearly wreck the car. They are then forced to repair the damage themselves before delivering it to their mother. While it may sound like a basic plot and a simple movie, it is. What makes it stand out is the chemistry between the characters and the razor sharp dialogue. You truly take this trip with them and feel as though, for a time, you are a member of the family. With comedy that will leave tears in your eyes to the love each brother shows for the other that will fill your heart."
"This could go on actually if we don't have a rule about the same song featuring in different versions- a dub cover of The Clash's Spanish Bombs by O' Luge and Kornerstrone Allstars from a dub tribute album to The Clash called Shatter The Hotel (a line from Spanish Bombs)."
"Nonsense, says Hustler publisher Larry Flynt. Absolutely no proof, says Steven Hirsch, founder and co-chairman of Los Angeles-based Vivid Entertainment, one of the largest makers of erotic movies."
"What I think:"
"Clearly Charlie Whiting is still unhappy that the engine is being used for aerodynamic advantage, he has brought in a restriction on the maps being changed after qualifying. I asked the teams what has been introduced. McLaren told me “same engine map from Q1 until the start of the race”. A fact also confirmed by Lotus and Renault. Therefore no specific engine maps are being banned, merely the teams have to make the judgement call, on whether they can run the first stint on an aggressive map or qualify on a softer map."
"The whole \"Free Tibet\" thing was well meant, I think. Ultimately, what can musicians do to convince the Chinese government to return Tibet to the state in which they found it? Nothing, that's what. And they seemed a bit pretentious about it. You know, \"I'm a rock star and I can use my fame to change the world!\" I think he would have been insufferable to be around at times. A bit self-righteous."
"First, I am working on a Christmas CD. It will be mainly original songs that I've written about Christmas, and a few \"standards.\" I know that no one on earth -- well, maybe my mom -- is dying to hear Ross King versions of holiday classics, so I won't fill the CD with too much of that. But I do have several new songs that I want to share, and I have some ideas for how to produce/arrange some of the familiar stuff as well."
"Keep the spark alive throughout your engagement and your marriage by doing little things for each other. You don't have to spend a lot or any money. Leave a post-it on the bathroom mirror or front door that reads \"I love you\" or surprise him with reservations to his favorite restaurant even thought you hate it."
"Meaning: God is gracious"
"Jaycee Carroll G 6’1″ 187 Utah State"
"50g caster sugar"
"Well, it's time for me to head back to a secondary world, clearly, since all of my novels this month took place in some incarnation of earth - either a historical version, or a futuristic version, or a right now version! On earth, I went to Canterbury, and Canada, and Yorkshire amongst others. I would most like to live in Conrad's house in A Girl's Guide to Kissing Frogs - a truly spectacular and down at heel mansion in Northumberland."
"As we had our drinks we enjoyed the salsa and standards music selection in the nearly completely dark room. Manifesto certainly has a unique look and feel to its bar area. I can’t think of anyplace in KC anything like it. As mentioned before it was quite private where we were sitting even though there were about 10 other patrons in the bar. Plus it definitely had an adult vibe, not the kind of place younger people go to try to slam as much alcohol into their system as they possibly can in the shortest amount of time possible. Those people have the Power and Light district. Manifesto is for people who want to enjoy a well crafted drink and pay attention to their companion. The drinks were sufficiently strong to ensure that some extra attention is paid to your companion once you get home or a dark street with some parking."
"I tried to comfort Uloma but, she emphatically rejected my help insisting that she was okay. I knew she wasn’t…later, I tried to tell someone but, there was nobody to tell. It was like Uloma was in a place where no one could get to her."
"PS: All the blunders written in this blog have actually happened in reality nothing fake here."
"Alcohol helps."
"I hear people talk about the world's problems and how things are going to crash and burn. Maybe. But take our energy crisis. For some of the smartest da Vincis of our day, it looks impossible. But I think with time and other inputs, we will some day be pouring water in our gas tanks."
"Wind protection"
"After buying this package there wont be any need to buy any other package."
"Do you guys have any funny gym tales? Homeless people allowed to loiter in the gym’s massage chair? Guys using the squat rack for bicep curls? Leave a comment below!"
"Henry's sleeping patterns are still a bit wack*, and I am discovering how bad I am at enforcing bedtime. I think we kind of lucked out when he settled into his routines, so we never really built them up on purpose... For the last couple of nights we've been doing dinner, then a bath and a feed and bed, but he wakes up again after half an hour, all refreshed and ready to hang out."
"- Remove tea and place in glass container"
"Mr Wight was also discussed during the testimony of Andrew Coulson, the former editor of the News of the World who was arrested this morning on suspicion of involvement in phone hacking. Mr Coulson confirmed that he had appointed Douglas Wight as a features editor at the National News of the World, possibly at the recomendation of Bob Bird the newspaper’s Scottish editor."
"Anyone who's ever used a dorm cube knows there's not a lot of room in there. Once you add a six-pack and some leftover Chinese takeout, it's full. Also, my cube had no freezer compartment, so at first we wondered what we would do for ice (nothing -- we did without ice) and how we'd manage without a supply of ice cream and those handy frozen insta-meals (somehow we got by). It just took a bit of adjustment. Was it a hassle? Sometimes, but less often than one might think."
"Royal Dutch Shell Sells Hydrocarbon Transportation And Power Generation Assets To Ashmore Energy 9"
"When starting my first novel, I couldn’t get more than a few pages into things before I’d freeze up and stop. I had no idea where things were going, so I couldn’t keep up the momentum. When that happened I felt like I wasn’t trying hard enough, like I was a quitter. But no matter what I did, I just couldn’t get the words on the page. How frustrating!"
"Always; usually; often; sometimes; seldom; never (Fowler, 1995, p. 56)"
"Perhaps the title to this blog should have been reversed as the darkness inside seems to be getting top billing but when I reversed it, I found it didn’t amuse me so it has been left. Deal with it!"
"Fail One: Do we or do we not have a reservation? I arrived at 7:30 to meet some friends, and I was told that even though we had a reservation, we don't. Apparently, they don't take reservations for more than one party of six, and there was already one reservation for a party of six. I'm really confused at this point. My friend, Michelle, had made the reservation knowing that a typical wait would be two hours or more. Someone could have told her that there would not be a table for us even though there was a six top table set up and waiting (not for us though). The hostess did tell us that we would have the next table that was big enough for a party of six and pointed to two tables in the corner. We watched as the table was cleaned and pushed together. Then we watched as the hostess seated another party at that said table while the first six top table remained open. We were seated at a tiny, barely big enough for four table squished near the door at 8:05 pm. All the while, the original six top table remained open until 8:20pm. We were later told that the other reservation of six failed to show up so they gave the table away to a walk up."
"\"Most people in business are trained to focus only on problems: things that don’t work and need fixing,\" Williams finds. He says, \"It’s more effective to start by identifying something in your business or industry that’s not necessarily a problem, and then go about methodically breaking it down.\" To do so try the following steps:"
"Some of this morning’s papers, published before today’s events began to unfold, included a report, in small print, and hidden at the far end of the news pages stating that the French police had cleared all three of the now heavily over exposed “Nazi soldiers” of any involvement in the attacks."
"84. In the last years of the Seventeenth Century there was to be found among the fops and fools of the London coffee-houses one rangy, gangling flitch called Ebenezer Cooke, more ambitious than talented, and yet more talented than prudent, who, like his friends-in-folly, all of whom were supposed to be educating at Oxford or Cambridge, had found the sound of Mother English more fun to game with than her sense to labor over, and so rather than applying himself to the pains of scholarship, had learned the knack of versifying, and ground out quires of couplets after the fashion of the day, afroth with Joves and Jupiters, aclang with jarring rhymes, and string-taut with similes stretched to the snapping-point. —John Barth, The Sot-Weed Factor (1960)"
"Our yummy-in-the-tummy food options no longer include buffets, ice cream or biscuits."
"8/17-19: Central Regional Qualifier (Dockdogs)"
"An important part of the broad radical opposition to Islamophobia and the ConDem coalition’s offensive to bring back the welfare of the nineteenth century workhouse, Marie-Angelique lives and agitates in Levenshulme, Manchester."
"Ready to entertain millions in the Parade of magic are stars from music, stage, and screen who will perform for the nation at Macy’s famed red star mark on 34th Street. Stars joining the festivities this year include India Arie, Big Time Rush, Betty Buckley, Ann Hampton Callaway, the Big Apple Circus, Broadway’s Million Dollar Quartet, the cast and Muppets of Sesame Street, Miranda Cosgrove, Jimmy Fallon & The Roots, Gloriana, Michael Grimm, Arlo Guthrie, Keri Hilson, Eric Hutchinson, Juanes, Victoria Justice, Gladys Knight, Mannheim Steamroller, Kylie Minogue, Miss USA 2010 Rima Fakih, The Power Rangers Samurai, Joan and Melissa Rivers, Crystal Shawanda, Jessica Simpson and Kanye West."
"The FIA’s response was a technical directive, coded TD35. It’s not surprising that it confirmed such an splitter would not be legal. But, crucially the FIA confirmed that they reserve the right to alter the test to ensure the deflection test procedure isn’t being exploited. Therefore future scrutineering checks, may well include an inspection of the splitters mounting and conducting the deflection test with the cars weight bearing down at different points, rather than sat flat on top of its plank."
"Remember kids, “Justice that love gives is a surrender; Justice that law gives is a punishment.”"
"- 3 x 0.07 oz Eye Shadows in Tufted Suede (soft tan), Velveteen Bunny (ivory), Fresh Linen (pale pink)"
"I have two sons. When they were about four, they both went through a phase of having nightmares. I would go into the room and switch on the light. Two small eyes blinked at me from the corner."
"* “Submit yourselves, then, to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.” (James 4:7 NIV)"
"Bright and cheerful, cosy and welcoming, Cath Kidston again..... slurp! Sheer eye candy!"
"9. Black Friday"
"All made from her garden, she must have spent the entire afternoon to prepare for that meal."
"Resist the New World Order:"
"See you Monday."
"Darryl James is an award-winning author of the powerful new anthology “Notes From The Edge.” James’ stage play, “Love In A Day,” opened in Los Angeles this Spring and will be running throughout 2011. View previous installments of this column at www.bridgecolumn.proboards36.com. Reach James at djames@theblackgendergap.com."
"A number of impressive studies (cf. Tagg 1979, Fornäs 1985, Fornäs et al. 1988/1995, Roe & Carlsson (eds) 1990, Berkaak 1993, Lindberg 1995, Bjurström 1997, Michelsen 1998) have been published and network ties been developed, (1) but strikingly little has-been said about Nordic popular music, its place within the global picture or the national cultural scenes. Especially missing is a critical reflection on the Anglo-centric bias in popular music studies as well as in popular music itself."
"This is one of the kind of spiced crackers I make at home, sometimes to re-live and to love those fun tea times, but mostly to keep a stack to snack on a couple of them once in a while. They stay fresh for a couple of weeks at room temperature, so they are really handy when you have to entertain on a quick notice. They also take very little time and effort to make."
"To find out which science programmes are on offer at the University of Leicester ISC, or to find out more about studying at a top UK University in this momentous year in British sporting history, please visit the website."
"Being a responsible SA citizen, and abiding by the law of the land that requires you to help those in distress, I informed SA Police Services and the ambulance services."
"“High and rising unemployment is likely to impact at a political level and may make the reforms more difficult to undertake,” said Eric Wand, a fixed-income strategist at Lloyds Banking Group Plc in London. “If the political desire to reform comes in to doubt, then the market wouldn’t like that. There’s good scope for the crisis to get worse in the near term, the economies are still on pretty shaky ground and there’s a lot of political risk.”Daniel Tilles at dtilles@bloomberg.net."
"It's time for our 11th challenge here at Send a Smile 4 Kids and the theme is Cats and Dogs for Kids. Our generous sponsor is Digi Doodles Shop and the prize is a $10 gift certificate ro our lucky random winner. Of course, as always, the top three cards will receive a SAA4Kids blog badge to show with pride."
"“The reason the Afghans have a new tomorrow is because of you,” Mr. Obama said to 3,200 cheering troops assembled before dawn on Wednesday in a cavernous hangar, against a backdrop of an American flag and several armored vehicles."
"The dominant sense auditory learners use is hearing. They learn best by listening to and talking with other people. As long as the sense of hearing is involved, they absorb facts and concepts more efficiently. They prefer studying in groups for the sake of the discussions. When reviewing alone, they prefer to read aloud rather than just eye-reading. They like attending lectures and participating in class discussions."
"Blend liquid into dry ingredients a little at a time. Add remaining flour until dough remains soft but does not stick to sides of bowl or kettle."
"Does one of these enigmatic neighbors have blood on their hands?"
"So, her first day finally arrived and she very excitedly galloped down the hallway to her classroom. I put on a brave face and walked my little girl into her preschool class. I looked around at all the moms dropping off their children. I think the average age of these parents was fifteen. When did everyone get so young? Oh well, that’s okay, I thought to myself. I’m a very young looking forty-year-old. No one would ever guess me to be forty. Just last month, I was carded at the grocery store for buying a bottle of wine. (Nevermind the fact that I’d driven miles out of my way just to buy my wine in a neighboring town that has to card every single person by law whether they look eight or eighty.)"
"Using the image of the morphogenic field as a template, she says, “we can look at the mission of Jesus. Although he never could have used these words, Jesus was about creating a morphogenic field, one in which love is the standard operating procedure and genuine concern for the other is the behavioral norm.”"
"Sharpe's Justice (good)"
"A city that was named Fatehabad, but is known today as Fatehpur Sikri."
"But silently wish all away like puff."
"-Like the wings of ordinary generalized winged insects, e.g. as the image at this link."
"While in the Courtyard Garden, my Gardenia augusta is also blooming for the first time. The Spathiphyllum and Duranta 'Geisha Girl' make a great pair, and the vibrant colours of the Salvia splendens and Crossandras make a wonderful contrast with the soft and delicate purple of the Cleome spinosa 'Senorita Rosalita'."
"The new Weekly Candy is:"
"“Whip My Hair” – Stone Cold"
"revealing a creature too raw, too vulnerable for the world to receive."
"If you have asked God for something, you must prepare during the process. Most requests don’t happen instantaneously; there is a waiting period. Maximize this opportunity as your gift of time to prepare. If you are given everything you’ve believed for within 15 minutes of reading this, would you be ready to receive it; or would you suddenly find yourself scrambling to prepare? Don’t lose hope and begin to prepare and expect your dreams to come true. If you’ve stopped preparing, regroup and do those things that are necessary to get ready. Remember God has promised to give you and me the desires of our heart. So let’s remain in a state of readiness to receive the promises of God. We have come much too far to even consider turning back. Stand firm on His promises with the confidence of knowing, God’s power and provisions will always exceed our cleverness and our failures."
"Jamar from Team Cee Lo just sang “If You Don’t Know Me By Now” and did an excellent job of it! He chose a more modern beat for it and really killed some of those notes. I totally agree with Blake that he showed a different side of himself with this one."
"On the back of a whisper."
"Homeward, and brings the sailor home from sea,"
"Stepping to the edge looking down"
"Good 2: Mugison's \"Haglél\" (his first one in Icelandic), FM Belfast's \"Don't want to sleep\", Björk's \"Biophilia\" (if you can call it an album with all the Apps)."
"Recently I had the great pleasure of interviewing the legendary midwife, Ina May Gaskin after she wrote the new and very well-received, Birth Matters: A Midwife’s Manifesta. The book is published by Seven Stories Press and is available here."
"Can do tummy time longer and really arches his back and can lift his feet at the same time. His body looks like a banana."
"I began my card by first coloring the flower stamp using my Stampin' Up! markers and then I stamped it onto my card stock. Then I stamped my grass using the image on the other side of the stamp (this is a double mounted set). I first used wild wasabi ink and I inked up the stamp and then stamped off onto a scrap piece of card stock and then onto the bottom portion of my card. I repeated this step again, this time using chocolate chip ink."
"Renee wears more make-up than I ever have in my whole life. She wears playboy bunny outfits and talks about how she can’t eat foodcourt meals because they’ll make her fat, and that would be unappealing. My thirteen year old sister."
"“Pregnant?”Ask Yoochun want to make sure he doesn’t heard wrong."
"Plenty of other producers out there, however, do draw explicitly on their Christianity in crafting their dubstep. As with Buddhist Death Metal, there’s a whole series of websites that act as gathering spaces for Christian electronic dance music culture: christianremix.com, GodsDJs.com, and so on. The logo for the latter is a crucifix with headphones on. A frequent comment is that most dubstep deals with ‘bad things’ or dirty themes, with numerous people calling for or thanking people for creating clean dubstep devoted to ‘the good.’ We see throughout these websites that independent producers situate their music creation firmly within their religious journey; they are “worshipping God through the music,” and celebrating each other’s “dubstep for Christ.” According to one forum poster, it is a “serious blessing to hear the dubstep sound represented with Christ as the focus.” “Jesus wubs you,” others say."
"The day of the terrorist attacks in New York, September 11 2001, I saw a version of my dream played out on every television channel. I couldn’t believe what was happening. My psychiatrist told me that all dreams represent something that has occurred in the previous 48 hours. Maybe, maybe not!"
"While summer may be leaving, the best thing about it is that I'm in Australia, where winter is hardly even winter... at least compared to Wisconsin."
"Stephen Hill, WR, Georgia Tech"
"14. No. 14 In E Flat 1:10"
"“Show me the real me,” I whispered into the black glass, my breath fogging the sleek surface. “Let me be a good person, please. I’m a good person.”"
"I already posted this in two different places on here.. but I thought I might do so again on my first blog post since it’s my introductory post."
"6The LORD shall count, when he writeth up the people, that this man was born there. Selah."
"I was ready to go"
"The truth is that the eggs used in the studies were powdered egg, which contains oxidised cholesterol which we now know causes atherosclerosis. Dietary cholesterol such as found in eggs is not oxidised."
"Three women were being detained on suspicion of battery when members of the crowd set upon officers and tried to free them, he said."
"no longer do i feel like part of this house is mine."
"When you get old your Saturday's are \"different\". You have read the story about \"The Boss\" and me going to Greenville and then on to Denton where we lived when we first got \"hitched\". Spur of the moment. Well, we do movies that way too. We have breakfast around lunch time, (This week it was at the EGG and I,,maybe I will get a complimentary ticket for that plug) and then we could think of no place to run off to so we decided on a movie. Saturday tickets are at a discount. Six dollars each. That makes twelve dollars for entry fee, but I always outsmart \"The Boss\". I drop her off at the ticket booth and go park the van. See, that way she is tricked into buying the tickets. I park and we enter the gate and she runs off to the \"powder room\" while I get refreshments. They are a bargain at our movie house. Two Icee's, a box of Milk Duds and a sack of popcorn only came to twenty two dollars and sixy three cents. Good thing they were out of bottled water, it is only 5.25, but it is a pretty good sized bottle. I wonder who out-smatz who on this deal. reckon?"
"I love baking cookies. The problem is....I love to eat them more! It works out good when someone orders a batch from me because then I only have a few extras I can munch on instead of the whole batch! These little gems are delicious and light. They are Rosemary Cookies. I baked these for a friend at school. You wouldn't think of putting rosemary in cookies but it's delicious. Did you know rosemary means \"remembrance\"? I have given rosemary plants as end of the year teacher gifts because of the symbolism that goes with the plant. When my dear friend Nan married a couple years ago she had me make 100 little cellophane bags with 2 cookies in each bag as her giveaway at the wedding reception. They turned out so cute...I attached a little card with a ribbon on each bag. The card had a graphic of a rosemary twig in the shape of a heart...I put their name and wedding date in the center. It really turned out very special! Look for a blog post soon about using savory herbs in sweet concoctions....I have several yummy delicacies I'd love to share!"
"This evening, I was talking with a girl who is really involved in small groups at church. She also works full time and goes to school. \"How do you accomplish all these things and still do life?\" I asked her?"
"KathyJo"
"3.) A transpersonal God, again, offers nothing in the way of our individual lives. Why would a transpersonal God (extending beyond the personal; existence in a mystical, mental state etc) at all be concerned with any of us? In such a belief system we have no true, separate, individual identity. This is why in religions like traditional Buddhism there’s an elimination of even the idea of the “self.”"
"I pushed for an hour and 45 minutes and then he arrived into our lives. He didn't scream like in the movies... his cry was more subtle which worried me. He was whisked to his own little part of the room where he was looked over a ton. He had a bit of amniotic fluid in his lungs and was having labored breathing so the pediatricians wanted to take him to the NICU. I wasn't able to hold him until over 45 minutes after he was born. The pediatricians were still working on him when they told me they were going to give him to me for some skin to skin time. It felt so nice to have him in my arms. After about 5 minutes the doctors said his breathing had gotten better and he no longer needed to go to the NICU. Thank goodness."
"The only problem is that while many people are buying the right hair care products for their hair, they forget to follow basic hair care regimens that will guarantee the health and beauty of their tresses. Additionally, many are also causing needless damage to their hair by participating in unhealthy hair care behavior."
"You can sew together any motif that fits closely to the next . The effect you get when sewing together motifs is much more solid than the Join as you go method."
"Whatever we sent to the universe, comes back to us – that was another great point of their dialogue. If you are a complainer, you will find things to complaine about. If you are grateful and thank instead, you will have and be given more things to thank for."
"Turns out the three thugs who murdered him all are part of some weird neighborhood protection racket, which I think involved some kind of rigged lottery (?), that is being run by some crooked cops with assistance from a crooked local comic book store owner named Andre. So it’s no surprise that Darren wants revenge – in fact, he’s about to pull the trigger on one of the men responsible when Reese intervenes. Reese knows all about the pitfalls of revenge, and he spends the episode schooling Darren on how to get even without taking lives, but kicking loads upon loads of ass."
"I have to take my colour hit where I can and these pink umbrellas from the food vendors across my soi, are doing it for me."
"And I am your want"
"Our driver was pretty cool and told us some crazy stories while we rode around downtown Memphis for half an hour. Neither Jon nor I had ever ridden in a horse-drawn carriage, so it was pretty fun. When we got back we went down to Tom Lee Park for the festival. We had missed a few of the bands we wanted to see (Son Volt and Kenny Wayne Shepherd) but that always seems to happen on Saturday. We went to see The Cult but didn't even attempt to get up close. We sat in the grass far away from the stage and rested. The show was okay but neither of us were too impressed. We walked down to see Al Green next, and caught a bit of Yo Gotti on the way past. We also did a little browsing at some of the shops and got a foot-long corndog (not too impressive)."
"if we were callow, we could grow."
"Z is for zest WE still have-- in OUR minds?"
"Our work will be seen as strong and clean and good."
"When it was Father’s Day we had a little family lunch party and I decided to make an old family favourite, sherry trifle, for pudding. More recently we have called it raspberry trifle because Nick’s absolute favourite fruit is raspberries."
"\"Patterns! Yes, patterns! That's what I'll do!\" She cried,"
"I feel the urge to leave today, although no plans are in action for another trip to the desert."
"Dunedin may not being facing a huge blowout in the cost of the Forsyth Barr Stadium, but it is possible people or organisations may be “brought to account” following an investigation. It emerged on Friday questions remained about the final cost of the stadium – six months after the facility was built."
"Filled with romance and adventure, Awaken takes your through a labyrinth of situations, every corner asking you if we're leaving our real lives behind when we enter the cyber-world."
"Allegheny has some very interesting alums, including lawyer Clarence Darrow, President William McKinley, and Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails (who dropped out after a year and moved to Cleveland to pursue a musical career)."
"Oh learning to drive."
"AL West:"
"We are all called by love and freedom. They are our nature. We are unified and whole. Through awareness we can practice consciously taking the hand of love. In practice this simply means feeling what is already there. And guess what, freedom is right there with it."
"After about 30 seconds, pour in wine and broth, \"stirring to de-glaze the pan.\""
"It drags you until you can crawl back to your sofa, the composition, set-up and ambiance has so much inclination with European film making, taking each scene to have a dilemma, conversive acting that provides more intently to be submersed in drama and real life! It makes you feel you belong with them and the realization that gives a bittersweet aftertaste of who we are and what we have become as human beings such it is frustratingly coherent in this mundane society we live in!"
"Would you cling to the fog?"
"46Love but demands what else were shed in pray'r;"
"Says the article:"
"You're almost there. Now...is your novel ready? Have you applied all this hard won improvement to the novel itself? It does you no good to have an enticing query if your novel is still last year's writing."
"Hasbro is a branded play company providing children and families around the world with a wide-range of immersive entertainment offerings based on the Company’s world class brand portfolio. From toys and games, to television programming, motion pictures, video games and a comprehensive licensing program, Hasbro strives to delight its customers through the strategic leveraging of well-known and beloved brands such as TRANSFORMERS, LITTLEST PET SHOP, NERF, PLAYSKOOL, MY LITTLE PONY, G.I. JOE, MAGIC: THE GATHERING and MONOPOLY."
"Best thing about being a writer is freedom to express yourself once you’ve got a character up and running and finding that it’s caught fire with the reader. And when you’re writing a novel, you sit down and look at the blank page of the next chapter and it feels as though these characters you’ve created are waiting to see what they’re going to do next. My characters are very real to me and I love living with them! I don’t have a worst thing about being a writer. I love everything about it, because creating characters and storylines is what makes me tick. I’d have nowhere to go in my life if I didn’t write. Sad, but true!"
"Hello! Here's an easy mid-week recipe that takes 5 minutes to put together, then it's off to the dehydrator for an overnight stay. You'll wake up tomorrow with crispy, flavorful, fall-inspired crackers."
"But I wasn’t going to let that get in the way! I cleaned everyone and everything up … Patella helped, she licked herself and the floor and licked up all the bits she could reach and find on the walls and cabinet doors, Mei kicked her feet in delight and continued playing with her toys, watching Patella dart around the kitchen, snout to the floor, hunting for more bits to lick up and I put an extra teaspoon of brown sugar, white sugar and a tablespoon (since that’s what I guesstimated that I lost…) of butter back into the bowl. Thankfully, all this excitement meant that the whisk actually beat the butter up enough that I could run the whisk and everything would stay in the bowl this time and cream up nicely! Scraping down the sides of the bowl periodically, I beat the butter and sugars until they were nice, light, creamy and frothy and continued on with the recipe."
"“Friends With Kids” is funny, alarmingly true-to-life at times, improbable at others but worth seeing as a parent – just don’t take the kids. It’s definitely an adults’ movie due to sexuality and language."
"Knowles’s study of home-educated adults found that they’ve grown up to be largely autonomous, independent, and have learned to make way themselves. \"I think that’s one of the major advantages of home education that kids don’t have their self esteem attacked by other kids so much in the home context: they become a lot more secure in who they are.\""
"Between them they are draining the power from the nation’s people."
"And here I am this morning ............"
"wake me up when September ends."
"We are invited to this sacredness of time-an ability to sabbath once a week. In a jumbled sort of way, just as we are invited to become co-creators with God, we are invited to be co-sharers of Sabbath."
"and now BAFTA/Rocliffe - which is still on going but I've been placed along with 24 other scripts reading for the final 3 selection."
"A recent essay of hers puts the murder of the six members of our military by Afghan security personnel in its proper context — i.e., another example of lethal, treacherous Muslim Rage."
"Ultimately, though, the films come down to something of a comparison between the differing acting styles of Lon Chaney, in one of his final screen appearances, and Walter Huston. There's no doubting the physical commitment of either actor, although Chaney is particularly arresting as he drops, animal-like, down the rope that leads to his sleeping area. He allows his withered legs to drop before him, before slinging the useless limbs one by one into a wheelchair: it's a fascinating bit of physical acting, which Browning repeats a number of times with variations. Chaney achieves an entirely different, subtler effect in the key scene where he realizes just how mis-guided his vengeance has been; the transition on his face from feral outrage to heartbroken sorrow is extraordinarily multi-layered, and no speeches from Huston in the later version can hold a candle to the intensity of the moment."
"When I’m jamming on my iPod I feel at ease. I don’t worry about school, my friends, work, or my family; I’m at my version of this utopian awesomeness. The sucky part is that I can’t really describe the awesomeness that I feel when I’m in this bubble. I’m tranquil, happy. I can escape and daydream about whatever the hell is on my mind. I can think freely, and isn’t that what we all want deep down inside?"
"2. What you see, is not always what you get, there is inevitably far more."
"In other news we had an Afrikaans day at school on Saturday... *joy*. We were forced cook our own poitjie (stew basically) and nonsense like that. We also had to dance and listen to Afrikaans music and all that lovely jazz. There was one song I liked in particular however, it's called Loslappie."
"When you were buying your first home, what was the criteria that you stuck with?"
"Gregory: the economy is finally recovering"
"The trial: Amy Senser is on trial for three counts of felony criminal vehicular homicide. Senser pleads ‘not guilty’ to all counts. Senser’s attorney filed a request for a trial outside of Hennepin County due to ‘media attention’ but was denied. The criminal trial begins Monday, April 23, 2012 in a Hennepin County Court under Judge Daniel Mabley."
"I only hope now they have hopefully settled the crazy quest for the world's highest abv. with 'The End of History' beer, they will get back to producing great innovative beers in sufficient volume for us all, after all we don't want their creative energies burning out just yet."
"And there is extra magical energy available for everyone and anyone who chooses to tap into this wellspring of miracles will see their dreams come true. This is such an abundant Universe, truly believe there is enough for everyone and there is. All of you have seen magic happen, believe that you deserve it for yourself as well."
"(*Anne: Storing albums with this many pages upright might cause the binding to become loose, unless it's propped on a book stand that allows the book to lean back, stay closed, or lay open with the binding sinking into the spine instead of the pages pulling on the binding. Storing flat is the best way to preserve the binding.)"
"The first recipe I made is called Thanksgiving Leftover Casserole. This used my leftover turkey, mashed potatoes, and stuffing mix and created a yummy casserole. It has a really nice sauce that holds it all together. I enhanced the flavor by adding thyme, rosemary, and sage to the sauce. I did some quality control when it came out of the oven, and I give this 2 thumbs up."
"And this is the best part, because it gives me the chance to tell you about five utterly terrific blogs and urge you to flock to them. In no particular order..."
"Recently I had the pleasure of testing EcoStore USA's Herbal All Natural Ear Wash. The package says, \"YOUR PET WILL LIKE IT\", and I thought, \"Oh yea, I bet they will...NOT!\" It is a major ordeal in our house to clean their ears and I did not believe that this was going to be any different. But it was!"
"I am very sad to be saying goodbye to the man who has become my favourite Doctor, Patrick Troughton, fortunately I happen to know he might just drop back one or three more times in the future. It's like when Zoe asked if they'd ever meet again: \"Now, you and I know that time is relative, isn't it?\" said the Doctor with a wink in his eye."
"\"Islamophobia is a national illness,\" he said."
"I chuckle derisively to my self, “Hm Classy place this is”"
"Bert nodded sagely. “Exactly.”"
"These were the largest State projects – often described as being the flagship or centre-piece of this or that government’s policy – yet they were breaking the main rules and getting away with it. The ‘getting away with it’ is the cloudy part of the picture, because we never hear of any penalty being sought against those State Enterprise Directors who broke the governance rules."
"Ye Gods! We've been there and have come back again. Incredible but true."
"42 swans a-swimming,"
"mint leaves"
"Then we headed up to Portage, ate a yummy turkey dinner, then headed to Valparaiso for another delicious Thanksgiving meal! I love turkey."
"Nick Griffin was unfairly attacked on TV recently by the deeply unattractive Jabba the Gaunt, when he referred to a “Chocolate coloured sameness” Gaunt's implication being that the term was, in itself, racist, but how can it be when what Griffin described is no more than the obvious and and inevitable result of the sort of racial and cultural mixing so beloved by our opponents?."
"The twig man didn’t answer her questions, asking his own instead. “Ahh, so, you admit this, yes?”"
"Ever since My Love deployed I have been staying very busy!"
"There's a time to zoom in and there's a time to zoom out."
"I adore this quote. It has become my mantra of sorts, lately."
"They do deliver, but it's £6.50 delivery per box (or you can get up to 6 boxes delivered for the same price, but I have nowhere to store 6 boxes...or even 3 boxes because my house is so tiny!)."
"Each year I look forward to finding out who is in the Super Bowl, though I don't watch any other games, JUST so I can figure out what kind of food I will get to make (as I make my spread match the cities of the playing teams). This year it is pizza dip (as well as a few other New Yorkish Dips from the same site) and Lobster Rolls (made with 2 sad little lobster tails 'cause they were on sale and we needed to budget for the month) and Shrimp Skewers."
"Rest of the World - £2.50\""
"Oviedo they'll never take"
"the red cave beckons."
"After the symposium, the opening reception at the Museum gave a much more nuanced, heavily documented, and fascinating overview of all facets of the Lindsay years. At the same time, it provides a wonderful flavor of that era in New York City. An incredible amount of political activity, cultural events, and rampant creativity. Political and cultural memorabilia and tzatzches, newspaper headlines and magazine covers, movie posters, layoff letters to teachers in Ocean Hill-Brownsville dispute, photos, books, municipal government handbooks and documents – the exhibit does a fabulous job of exploring the nooks and crannies of the era. I loved the recording of the Mayor’s Inner Circle dinner song, I believe with Florence Henderson, that went something to the effect of “I go to bed every night/wondering what the hell we did right!/will there be another strike? ”"
"44 In this layer, create a 160 by 50 pixel rectangle, with round corners if you like, choosing any colors you like. Place it over the lowest third of the background square and center it horizontally."
"Unequal yellowness and platinum, withal, unpolluted silver is rather inconstant and oxides rather speedily. Thence, greyness jewelry is usually plated with added metal to protect it from tarnishing. There are two kinds of coat for silvery jewelry: metal and metal plating. Nickel coating has a solon whitish examine and metal plating has a darker face. Metal is utilised to shell unintegrated yellow and platinum adornment and is often more dear than nickel, and it ply punter imposition to the decoration underneath. On the opposite labourer, several superior sophisticated superior conductor jewellery does not bed any plating and the appear is refined byanisation to present radiancy. Also, \"oxidized silver\" jewelry is alter on aim to devote a saturnine unfashionable looking and is not plated with any other metals."
"Each morning, \"she would take each child on her lap and say that she was going to 'fill them up with Mommy love.' She'd start at their toes, work her way up and end with a kiss on top of their heads. Then she did the 'love egg.' Do you know that trick where you pretend to crack a egg over someone's head by gently tapping them on the head and then spreading your fingers down their hair? She would call this the love egg and crack it over them, spreading more Mommy love. Both older kids loved this and wanted to do it every day. This five-minute game helped them to be able to play on their own and with each other while their mom was busy with the new baby; it also helped them to be loving and warm toward the baby instead of resentful.\" -- Playful Parenting"
"High heels or low heels?"
"This past Thursday was my 22nd birthday. My family (both Zach's and my side) made it so special! Zach got me a bike! I am looking forward to going to the greenway and riding our bikes together (he got one for his birthday a few months ago). They are also matching! How cute! Then we opened presents with his family (Camille and Nicholas came down, too, and it was very fun to see them!). For dinner, we went to P.F. Chang's with my parents, Aly, and Kent, and our good family friend, Mary, served us. It was a very fun day! Zach and I ended the day by watching a movie. I, of course, fell asleep 30 minutes into it."
"This argument is jarring because the atheistic conclusion, “Therefore, God almost certainly does not exist” doesn’t follow from the six previous statements even if we concede that each of them is true and justified. At most, all that follows is that we should not infer God’s existence on the basis of the appearance of design in the universe. But that conclusion is quite compatible with God’s existence and even with our justifiably believing in God’s existence on other grounds. Rejecting design arguments for God’s existence does nothing to prove that God does not exist or even that belief in God is unjustified."
"BUT...on the other hand you have a Hispanic guy with a \"white\" name who also can put forth a defense but who used a hand gun and a self-defense law. Of course this incident gets national headlines, it is not a good example of racism."
"Networks are essential, help is vital. No one man is smart enough, you might be good on your own, if so imagine how good you’d be with the right people around you. Jesus was amazing in his three years on Earth, but his influence magnified exponentially when his team was empowered to work with him and for him."
"So says the Swede (Burt Lancaster) as he lies in bed bereft of all hope, and calmly awaits his end. I love that scene near the beginning of the 1946 version of The Killers. It is one of the great moments of film noir and says so much about the genre – if you can even call it a genre. A good deal of its bleak power comes from the fact that it seems to run contrary to all normal human instincts. If someone were to burst into your room and breathlessly inform you that a couple of mean-looking hitmen had just rolled into town with the express aim of rubbing you out, most people would take the opportunity to make tracks fast. But Lancaster just remains prone in the shadows and delivers that line in the detached tone of a man already dead; when fate pays that last call there’s no ducking out."
"Of course I wanted to ride to the barn, even though they just had harnesses on. Clendon rode Dick and I was on Baldy. Clen gave me a bit of an extra ride by circling the house before going to the barn. As we came back up to the yard he had to duck under the clothes line that was hanging loosely. He tossed it over my horse’s head, but I wasn’t quick enough, and it swept me right off of Baldy’s back, down over his rear end… I was so embarrassed, but I got back on and completed the ride. I got teased a lot about that!"
"Nancy Sit Ka Yin"
"Or her desire for June and evening, tipped"
"Huge Asshat is not as excited but they're happy they're having a baby together."
"I don’t enjoy texting just for the sake of it. So when someone texts me with boring conversation, I just don’t want to respond. I loveee text conversations when a guy makes me laugh, like literally laugh! If I’m in public and I get a funny message and I embarrass myself by laughing out loud, those are the types of messages I like to get. Or texts that make me smile. I don’t need some guy projecting his negative energy onto me. It’s draining and not fun at all."
"I’d heard some negative comments about this one and for sure it’s not what you’d expect from Sierra Nevada in terms of taste and style, however in the area of quality and taste, it’s the typical top notch product most of us have come to expect from the Sierra Nevada crew. I’ll try it again."
"In other news, I just finished this book:"
"Clearly some people believe such to be true. But is it?"
"The intern working on the other play, Van Badham’s The Bull, the Moon and the Coronet of Stars, has this to say on the Griffin Artist Blog about her process and experiences so far. Enjoy!"
"In a few days, The University of Bristol Debating Society will hold a debate on plain packs. Arguing for plain packs will be Stephen Williams MP, our Super Twat of the Month for April, and an unknown debater -- ooh, the suspense. Arguing against plain packs will be Simon Clark and Christopher Snowdon. I don't know if the event page on Facebook is an accurate gauge of how many people will go to the debate but at the time of this writing 33 people have indicated they will go. As chance would have it, I will be out of the country and cannot attend. I do hope someone films and/or transcribes the debate, but I have a good idea of all the arguments anyway, so it's not that important."
"Riveting stuff, isn't it?"
"While NATO and clients commit acts of aggression around the world, only those who “resist assault” end up on the docket. The U.S. plays with fire, engaging in brinkmanship with Syria, Iran, and North Korea. We could wake up any day to terrifying news of a new war. So why does Harper want to be a wolf in this wolfpack?"
"Once you’ve written 60,000 words or so you will see that it’s not so hard. So what if not every word is relevant to whatever book you want to write? That’s not the first step in this process."
"This release contains many bug fixes and some new applications. The binary packages could be installed with the installer by using the version “stable 4.3.4″ (or “stable latest”). In case you are upgrading your KDE installation, deselect the skip basic settings checkbox on the first installer page and press next until you are guided to the release settings page, where you can choose the required version."
"250g or 8 and three quarter oz strong flour plus extra for dusting"
"While I was gearing up to call her back, my phone rang. It was one of the other girls, offering to meet me for a drink so that I didn't go home and sit there feeling crap all night. I grabbed the key and a quick hug, then hopped back on the tube into town to the pub, having gratefully taken both friends up on their offers."
"And when we’re stuck, He is mighty enough to help us! Sometimes that is manifest in “out of the blue” financial or material gifts. At other times it is revealed in a person’s comforting word or a friend to pray with. And in yet more times it is shown in other ways not known me, or at least not to my memory! In short, my point is thus: He is able to meet our needs and can do so in a variety of ways."
"Who would you compare us to?"
"The same thing holds true in trading. Especially on the Internet, many, many people claim to be gurus of forex, futures, stocks and every other kind of trading instrument. And some of them probably are gurus – teaching gurus. Unfortunately, teaching gurus don’t always necessarily teach you the right things."
"movement of secret is described by John of the Cross: “in darkness the soul not only avoids going astray but advances rapidly . . . To reach an new an unknown land and journey along unknown roads, travelers cannot be guided by their own knowledge . . . the soul, too, when it advances, walks in darkness and unknowing . . . persons who tread this road . . . are unable to describe it. They feel great repugnance in speaking about it, especially when the contemplation is so simple that they are hardly aware of it . . . Not for this reason alone do we call mystical wisdom ‘secret’ . . . but also because it has the characteristic effect of hiding the soul within itself . . . this mystical wisdom occasionally so engulfs souls in its secret abyss that they have the keen awareness of being brought into a place far removed from every creature. They accordingly feel that they have been led into a remarkably deep and vast wilderness unattainable by any human creature, into an immense unbounded desert, the more delightful, savorous, and loving, the deeper, vaster, and more solitary it is. They are conscious of being so much more hidden, the more they are elevated above every temporal"
"Read Article:"
"Here is a video about Bolt’s theory."
"concerns expressed as to the current alleged unsafe conditions that his kids are have been exposed to for the past five years."
"Use liver of sulfur or another chemical patina to highlight the stamped letters."
"When I ordered a tunic from Wet Seal, it came with an elastic and faux leather belt. The belt was cute, but too big and I couldn’t do my usual cutting trick since the elastic was sewn to the rest of the belt. I came up with another solution:"
"We want you to know that you are making your way home with every step you take that carries with it Acceptance and Unconditional Love for your fellow human beings and your Galactic sisters and brothers. You are making your way Home towards the Light of Oneness. May you see and know that by converging with the hearts of all beings, you are treading the path back to Oneness with All That Is."
"There is a steel blue and an olive green field print fabric."
"The book is about John Smith, the fourth of nine children from a planet called Lorien, who fled to Earth after their planet was attacked by creatures from another planet, the Mogadorians. The nine have to find a way to beat the Mogadorians to get their planet back, but they are young and unprepared, so they need to train seperately. But the Mogadorians know where they are and they track them down one by one to kill them. The first three are dead. John is next. But he’s tired of running and he settles down in a town called Paradise, where, for the first time in his life, he makes friends. But it’s just a matter of time before his secret is revealed and they come for him."
"Reheat sweet potatoes in the microwave until piping hot. Divide evenly between four plates. Top with stuffed mushrooms, then drizzle with port reduction. Serve immediately, optionally with braised kale or green of choice."
"The first thing you need to know is that the earth tone whites fall into 2 categories; grey whites and yellow or cream whites."
"Lexicon word of the day: circumlocution."
"You discover that betting is complicated and you seek your mother's advice. She doesn't know what to say. She wonders: Should you hedge your bets? Is there time to do research? Should you throw this money at the horse with the coolest name?"
"How much data? According to WordPress, its system powers over 68 million blogs worldwide, with 500,000 new posts and 400,000 new comments generated on an average day. Facebook reported it has more than 800 million active users, who upload more than 250 million photos daily. YouTube stated that 100 million people “like,” share or comment on something on the site every week. Twitter’s chief executive officer revealed that the social network had over 100 million active users worldwide, and the company said it was processing 250 million Tweets a day."
"He'd already sworn the oath of silence, and those who broke it didn't live to tell the tale."
"Barbra's style in the past decade can only be described as one word: majestic. Her look is graceful, elegant, and classy. She always looks like a queen, whether she's draped in sparkly antique jewels or wearing a powerhouse suit."
"Some may say this is reality television at work. But I think there is more to it than that. I think that through her Biggest Loser journey, she faced some demons that allowed her to lose weight, like herself and change her demeanor. I think all the contestants did. And that’s the part of health that few discuss."
"You kneel down to admire what is placed before you and place your finger just millimetres above my clit, hovering above it, so close I can feel the heat of your finger. You use your fingers to spread my lips apart and blow hard along the ridge of my clit. I squirm, you can see the moisture collecting in my folds, but I stay silent. It’s my silence that makes you want to spank my arse, but you think this will give me pleasure so you resist. You rub your hard cock between the folds of my pussy, pressing against me, teasing me. You look down to see it covered in my sweet juices. You can hear me groan, knowing I am so turned on by you. I have gone to that place in my mind where I have surrendered to you completely."
"Yet I keep waiting…"
"all of us."
"Loops xx"
"Centsational Girl This blog is jaw-droppingly inspirational. Kate is one of the most talented DIYers that I’ve ever seen. She buys thrift store furniture that looks totally hopeless, and walks you through the process of transforming them into designer masterpieces."
"In a time and in a country where everyone goes out of his way to announce opinions or hand down judgements, Mr Palomar has made a habit of biting his tongue three times before asserting anything. After the bite, if he is still convinced of what he was going to say, he says it. If not, he keeps his mouth shut. In fact, he spends whole weeks, months in silence."
"Eventually the spiraling sandstone tunnel unwound into a long straight corridor. The air was extremely dry and stung her nostrils with every breath. She had caught her breath back, but now thirst became her worst enemy. Her lips were cracking in the dry air, and like her muscles, her clothes were stiff from recent exertion. The silence was overwhelming, seemed to buffet her ears with expectation, but for what, she knew not."
"See what Barton is doing here by his lies that this nation is Christian, that the founding fathers were consecrated men of God? He is telling God and the world that if you prosper it is a sign of God’s favor. Any nation that does not have a great military and modern technology is not favored by God is Barton and Dobson’s thinking. The gist of their message is that God wants those nations destroyed not saved by the blood of his Son."
"For the first time since negotiations began, he declined to offer assurances, when asked, that default would be avoided. Moments later, however, he said he was confident of that outcome."
"PS. I keep looking at the third violin, the one standing nearest the piano, who looks familiar. I wonder if it's Julio de Caro. I think he played with Firpo briefly in 1917; he would have been 17 or 18. Later he established his own orquesta."
"Lord Jesus, Thank You that You care about things we usually fail to notice. I ask that You will help us to keep our eyes focused on You, our ears open to Your leading, and our hearts open to Your love. Help us not to loose sight of what You are doing. Help us to recognize those people who are “along side of the road” that you want us to respond to. And help us to expect amazing things everyday as we walk with You, our amazing God who can do far more abundantly than we can ask or think. In Jesus Name, Amen."
"HAMPTON, NH -- The moving of an old farmhouse this week on a 14-acre property on Towle Farm Road signaled the official start to the construction of a new $16 million Smuttynose Brewery and restaurant."
"Can it really be March already? Did you remember to say \"rabbits\" this morning? (I forgot, the shortness of February always throws me). I love March, it is when I start to feel bouncy again, after the winter lull. March supposedly bring Mad March Hares, but I've already had a good hare sighting this year, a couple of weeks ago: three hares playing tag in a field by the main road on the way to Ely. Last March I spied a couple of hares boxing there, something I'd not seen for years."
"We’ve recently hit a lull in work at work, which for me unfortunately means I have little to nothing to do, as I’ve yet to train up to do anything else."
"( a REALLY bad start )"
"I am scared of moving on however as again it will be a new job after two years (the time I have been in my present role). And again I’ll have to explain to friends and family why I am moving again, and think up some reason to tell companies I interview at as to why I am looking for a new job."
"We always lived in rented houses."
"“Until her call, all I had remembered about that accident was that the passenger in the other car had been reading a novel called Dead On Arrival. The book was open, in the footwell, as we removed her body."
"garlic powder (optional)"
"These three unborn children will always be a part of me and I love them, wouldn't trade their brief existence in my life if I could. They shaped the way their live siblings came into this world. (And might I add here that I happen to be pro-choice and am not trying to romanticize the biological realities -- clearly these pregnancies would have resulted in much wanted children.)"
"e.e. cummings’ life story is one of love, loss & words to describe the previous two. His life was perhaps no more tragic than any other and he suffered no more loss than anyone else, however he allowed his emotions, love, and observations to pour out in the written forms of poems and plays."
"this one is bookworm fairy by hannah lynn."
"I got to combine my two favourite things, fabric and making pretty pictures."
"Snowmen made out of Card Stock and cut into large shapes to form a puzzle"
"I stared at him, eyes wide, pooling with tears, terrified of my response, of his reaction. “I don’t think I can, Grayson.”"
"I was pretty excited to check out the new restaurant (and the first since 130 some odd years) at the Palais Garnier Opera House yesterday. It's been open since June 27th and for an establishment which (proclaimed from the rooftops by their PR people), combined cutting edge design by Odile Decq that \"affirms the historic building's character\" and a cuisine by two star Michelin chef Christophe Aribert, it wasn't that impressive. And even less at more than 100€ per head. The curtain of glass enveloping the front of the restaurant gave strangely distorted views of passing Asian tourist groups and the concentrate of traffic and pollution outside, however the the red-tinged interior with ho-hum furniture, a real let down for a supposed 6 million € investment did resemble the culinary character of the place, a sort of gastronomic equivalent of a Fiat Multipla (with all options). The menu is short. The portions are tiny. We were offered two, yes two! gougéres with our champagne (I was surprised they weren't doled out with white gloves and a pair of golden tweezers). The following \"contemporary\" smoked salmon with a mustard sorbet was ok, as was the trout, although as with the following Pata Negra pork chop (sprinkled with popcorn and with a honey sauce made from opera honey) , vastly overpriced. The oeufs a la neige in a red berry soup were ok as well. Just ok. When the server explained that they \"opened too early\" and that the chef \"wasn't really in the kitchen, just a consultant\" , it didn't really surprise. Clients all around were complaining about their bills. Noone seemed to be having a good time with phrases like \"bof..\" and \"ho hum\" being bandied about. The only ones who really seemed to enjoy it were the American tourists next to us being invited out by their French friends: eyes rolling in ecstacy, dribble running down their chin. What curiously deluded creatures!"
"“They then put her body in the back of a pickup truck and took her and her luggage to Bald Rock Mountain, after removing her clothing and a ring, and they played with her body and then threw her off a cliff."
"You may not think much of you, but God does. He thinks you’re beautiful and dazzling and radiant."
"One of my favourite genres of film is the post-apocalyptic dystopia. I probably like them for all the wrong reasons. I'm pretty sure that they resonate with an empty, hollow ring in the large, cold, dark, stony space in my soul where the words, \"It doesn't effing matter\" are carved into the bedrock in letters the depth of a spear."
"Through this process of searching to understand his familial and spiritual roots, gratitude flowered. He expressed his thanks to me through a tribute written in the form of a MBA application essay, the entire content of which I cannot share until after the application process ends. Yet this line from the rough draft copy made me weep uncontrollably:"
"This recipe uses 3 cups of packed fresh basil, so this is a great way to trim your flourishing basil bush. It also freezes well. I put tablespoonfuls into each compartment of an ice tray and made pesto cubes. Once frozen, I placed all the cubes in a freezer bag. Freeze several batches throughout the summer so you can have fresh pesto during the winter months."
"6. I have had the same 3 best friends since I was 15."
"She pushed and pushed and pushed some more. First, a white bag appeared."
"Vanilla with vanilla buttercream"
"Imogen: Silly like a clown?"
"I had a wonderful weekend. I spent a lot of time with my family and I ate fantastic food and I drank some good beer and I drank some cheap beer and I went for a walk with some small children and I watched some football and I played a bunch of games."
"See if you can do this. Read each line aloud without making any mistakes.If you make a mistake you MUST start over or it won’t work."
"E2 - Power on the E2. From the home screen press the Settings button (the wrench) then press the right arrow four times. Press the last button (the \"i\" bubble) and you'll find the version info there."
"I think I’ve had enough of this week. Can it be over now? Please??"
"Cuff: Alexis Bittar"
"\"People are now more aware of their skin and of the need to see a doctor when they see changes,\" Dr. Brewer says. \"As a result, many cases may be caught before the cancer advances to a deep melanoma, which is harder to treat.\""
"So, which story will we choose to love, believe in and build our lives upon? Perhaps our answer is most clearly revealed in the songs we choose to love and believe in. So let us choose wisely. AMEN."
"7. Tragedy (Ballard) 4:48"
"Gone were the files I used to plan my wedding, including invitation lists, inspiration boards, receipts, contracts, etc. My entire dream wedding, gone."
"St. Marianus"
"931 **D-III/15/1986. “Christianity and Classical Thought: The Case of Tertullian.” Conference on Christianity and Classical Thought (in honor of Frederick J. Crosson), The University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, Indiana. (Incorporated in Item C-1993(2), above, pp. 47-68.)"
"On Tuesday I got an email saying all my stuff was there. Thank god for that. When I got them back, the phone was a bit dirty from some puke, but all was safe. Apparently, the phone, wallet and keys were on her computer desk, which may or may not be odd considering I have no recollection of going near her computer, or actually of taking any of them out of my pockets. I figured that all was over and done with and that I could actually get back to being normal when I got a call from the mother. Holy shit was she pissed. I sat there and took the verbal beating about teeth and the destruction that was caused and all of the things that need to be done and repaired. What else could I do? So after about 15 minutes of that, we said our polite goodbyes and have moved on."
"So in old England , when customers got unruly, the bartender would yell at them 'Mind your pints and quarts, and settle down. It's where we get the phrase 'mind your P's and Q's'"
"Mama and baby are doing well."
"In the world of endurance sports, exercise isn't just an activity, but a lifestyle.\""
"However, when I’m at Disney, I can’t hear your disapproval because magic pixie dust makes all of the world’s problems disappear and all the people come together and hold hands, singing songs of peace and cooperation. Cartoon characters come to life and people in the parks smile and talk to one another. It is probably not uncommon to strike up a friendly conversation there, with the same human being that you wished a fiery death on while driving on the toll roads to the park that very morning."
"your animal prints - some of you even used both, which was fantastic to see!"
"Set the alarm on your phone to wake you up just fifteen minutes earlier. You probably won’t jump out of bed with a huge grin, eager to take on the day. You will likely moan a bit. I understand!"
"I love the beach."
"Back to my knees. I realized my running form wasn’t ideal for my knees, and I changed it. I no longer land on my heels, I land on my forefoot. And it works great for me. It also helps me breathe better, a big plus for me."
"For Death is the great equalizer."
"Of 30 employment agencies, all but five agreed to send only white workers for the job. It was all done with a nod and a wink of course, and often an acknowledgement that it wasn't allowed. But they still agreed to break the law. As one woman charmingly put it, she would just send \"normal people\", i.e., white people."
"GYM CLASS HEROES / THE ROOTS 10/17 9/13/08 @ 12 noon"
"June 9, 2008 — Casey Anthony and her daughter Caylee move out of Casey’s parents, Cindy and George Anthony’s home, and in with her ex-boyfriend, Ricardo Morales, and friend, Amy Huizenga."
"Something about the nature of his birth did, he believes, give him a soul, as well as a number of strange abilities. He has remained vigilant for over 200 years, waiting for Victor to make his next moves and thwarting him when he can."
"But now, on to what we did Christmas Day!"
"I miss him."
"For most eavesdropping on embassies, federal law requires the F.B.I. to obtain an order from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, which meets secretly at a federal courthouse in Washington. By law, if an American citizen calling an embassy turns up on a recording, the F.B.I. is required by law to redact the American’s name from intelligence reports, substituting the words “U.S. person.” That didn't happen here, and Leibowitz simply stole the unredacted material to give to Silverstein."
"(Translated by W.S. Merwin, from Transparence of the World: Jean Follain, Copper Canyon Press, 2003)"
"Taking a deep breath she continued, “Ok, so then, here’s the new idea; instead of leaving it in your wardrobe, and gradually building up such a huge store of unwanted clothes that you have to buy a new house to keep them in, as we have all been doing so far, what you do is…You Take Them To A Store And Give Them Away."
". I had so many ideas for this weeks challenge but when I sat down to to start I just couldn't get my ideas to work! :o("
"Before that I only know them from Japan. So everytime I'm drinking this one it reminds me of"
"I neared the huge blocks (some weigh 10 tonnes), came to a sandy patch, after all the rain and probably the type of sand they used to ‘create’ the beach they were working on, I’d felt and seen that my shoes were leaving deeper imprints… so what?"
"…likes to “cook” me chicken and apple juice"
"and on that note, i shall stop pontificating and get to the knitting. i am feeling more in control at work by setting some clear boundaries about my time and availability, but instead of just resting with that, i decided it was a good time to take on a knitters guild responsibility. apart from being co-secretary of my own guild group, i have offered to co-cordinate the sydney royal easter show feature display. this is not the competition part, its different. every year a particular craft gets a separate space to showcase its best work, hold displays, talk to the public etc. the knitters guild will be part of this display this year along with the handspinners and weavers and the machine knitters. its already started to be bigger than ben hur, and my spare computer time has been taken up this week with endless spreadsheeting and emailing. so much for taking things off the desk."
"I've been trying to avoid using photoshop. :( I have salon-pas on my wrist and lower arm now. I've never had carpal tunnel pains that lasted for more than a day so I'm a little worried!"
"than 3 years unbroken, Nigeria was"
"Datin Seri Rosmah appears to have also sounded the warning bells to the citizens. So, the people are now asking in rebuttal, “well what if we do bite that hand? what are you going to do?”"
"The question is, can someone who is among the best get better?"
"I have coloured this one with my Copic's on X-Press It bending paper and the DP is from My Minds Eye - Madison Avenue' Collection which is also available from Bizzy Bec's along with the flowers and pearls. The border is done with a Martha Stewart punch."
"When it turns a deep amber color, add the butter and stir until it is melted. Add the heavy cream and whisk until the caramel is smooth. Remove from heat and let cool. (I totally forgot to take a picture of the finished product, but I promise this will turn into caramel!)"
"Pick #9"
"A new light fixture isn't really in the budget, and removing the fan isn't really practical for my little head-sweater...but I've got an idea to mask the homely of the big bulb. Fingers crossed."
"Maple Butter cream:"
"But at least Yemeni women can drive. It surely hasn’t ended their litany of problems, but it symbolizes freedom — and nowhere does such symbolism resonate more than in Saudi Arabia, where child marriage is also practiced and women are perpetually minors regardless of their age or education. Saudi women far outnumber their male counterparts on university campuses but are reduced to watching men far less qualified control every aspect of their lives."
"Here are the bags from what I bought:"
"Needless to say...we are really looking forward to Spring, RSV season being over, and being able to have our entire family in church - where we feel that we belong!"
"7) Garlic, 1 bulb (cook with skin intact)"
"both now and forevermore."
"All the hubbub and hoopla in the local poetry scene is about The Last Poet Standing — a head-to-head poetry slam like no other, produced by Up From The Roots Entertainment. Sixteen poets from Canada and the US (The P.O.E., Kuya Patrick, Gary Jones, Lip Balm, Eytan Crouton, Dan Murray, Just Jamaal, Shoolie, Noah Kaplan, Poetic Speed, Tallawah, Electric Jon, Ritallin, Deonte Osayande, Eddy da Original One and Tomy Bewick) will step into a boxing ring, two by two, to spit 3-minute poems in front of a panel of celebrity judges and a rabid crowd anxious to see some poetic blood spilled on the canvas."
"As I've been arguing for the last year, the main hit is to Welfare. That was obvious, because Welfare recipients are atomised and pretty defenceless. There is no Claimants or Unemployed Workers Union with any economic or industrial muscle. Moreover, every Government, in such circumstances proposes Cuts, to FUTURE Welfare Payments, because, being in the future, it is open to all sorts of variation and manipulation. The other target, as Paul Mason points out, is Public Sector Pay and Pensions. Experience of Public Sector unions is that they may fight to save jobs, and, where that involves closure of services, it opens up the possibility of linking up with other workers affected by the closure, but, when it comes to pay and Pensions, they have been loathe to take action. Moreover, its pretty unlikely they could get the support of other workers simply to defend pay, and certainly not to defend Pensions. According, to the document, photographed on Danny Alexander's lap, it appears that they are proposing 480,000 job cuts, ONLY if some equivalent saving cannot be found from pay and pensions."
"New & Now of what IBB Design Fine Furnishing has to offer! Each week"
"for when comes the telling"
"If you do this, then your heart shall be with my heart, and it will be inflamed by my love in the same way that anything dry becomes rapidly inflamed by fire. Your soul shall be so inflamed and filled with me, and I will be in you, so that everything worldly becomes bitter to you and all fleshly lusts like poison. You will rest in the arms of my Divinity, where no fleshly desires exist, but only spiritual delight and joy which fill the delighted soul with happiness – inwardly and outwardly – so that it thinks of nothing and desires nothing but the joy which it possesses. So love me alone, and you will have all the things you want, and you will have them in abundance. Is it not written that the oil of the widow did not decrease until the day the rain was sent to earth by God according to the words of the prophet? I am the true prophet! If you believe my words and follow and fulfill them, the oil – joy and jubilation – shall never decrease for you for all eternity.”"
"Be careful little feet where you go"
"Whether we’re near or far, together or apart."
"Today, David Hoffman and I removed the GATR system from the World Concern building and brought it back to the airport. The World Concern folks still as yet do not have an infrastructure in place to keep the VSAT system inflated for the night. With the price of gas reaching $10 a gallon in the city and even that is watered down, they don't have the finances to keep the generator going. Each time the GATR system deflates, it must be reinflated and recalibrated which is up to an hour process."
"Jamie's mate Mark had had 2 teeth knocked out last night and no he wasn't fighting he was “wrecking” which I understand its what these not so youngsters do at these gigs."
"Because of a decades-old treaty with Mexico prohibiting building in the Rio Grande floodplain, the government built its border fence more than a mile north of the snaky river, trapping tens of thousands of acres of Texas–land in Cameron and Hidalgo counties–on the wrong side of the fence. The border wall is also riddled with miles-long gaps, seemingly placed at random. The U.S. Border Patrol says that illegal crossers are pushed to these gaps, where they are more easily apprehended."
"Lip Service"
"It just seems that the foundation of loyalty is something that is best formed at the earliest age possible. Wait too long and the efforts to instil it are doomed to diminishing returns. It seems…."
"The other class I'll be teaching is a recycled memory book. We'll turn the covers of an old book into the covers of a Coptic tip-in book that can hold all kinds of unusual objects. For mine, I put in a bingo card, a record, a sheet of metal as well as an old envelope, fabric and a file card."
"Broc and Mark both had a lot of challenges in their parenting journeys. Both were divorced when their kids were very young. For those of you who may be reading and don't know us, Mark and I have two kids, Brenna and Logan. Broc has three children from his previous marriage and he and I have been married for almost 13 years. I'm sure that doesn't even begin to explain the complexity of it all but you get the general idea!"
"As soon as the planner was downloaded I dove into it with eager anticipation... until I discovered it was 614 pages long!! WHAT? Are you KIDDING me? I didn't know whether to be ecstatic or scared. I never ever expected to see that many pages in a planner! What in the world was included in this thing? I knew right then that I could have NEVER come up with anything even close to this on my own. Not in the remaining 10 years I have left of homeschooling! Who has the time?!"
"I have to say kudos to that office, though. The last time I dealt with this sort of sleazy salesmanship, I was buying a used car!!"
"The dear friend that sat next to me in Amy’s break-out session on Saturday lost her home last year to a fire, and she had brought her precious little one with her."
"Don’t agonize over decisions and trust your instincts. For us, it was about the marriage and not the wedding. We wanted something special, but we wanted to keep it easy and not get lost in the stress of planning a wedding. We planned most of our wedding in an afternoon from the roof of Aaron’s apartment building, with a bottle of champagne in hand. We decided to have a small, relaxed, wine reception later that night at the Nook Café, a favorite lunch spot, so we just went for it and let the staff decide on the final menu and it worked out great. We didn't fuss over the details. And one random logistical tip: We used an on-demand private car from Uber instead of battling the crazy SF taxi scene in our wedding gear or springing for a limo - super easy.\""
"After inking up the flower image & coloring it using my Copic markers, I cut it out using a Spellbinders Large Classic Oval die & set aside. To make the layer with the border image, I repeated the previous steps minus the use of Copic markers. The JustRite Breath of Spring Borders & Centers contains 4 different floral images & 4 decorative borders that can all be easily mixed & matched allowing for endless ways to use each stamp!"
"Emilia Big big world S"
"As parents we understand and now this but sometimes we too often forget the meaning."
"Green Line"
"I thought I could cure diabetes by spreading suntan lotion on sticks of chewing gum. Sea & Ski on Juicy Fruit, Coppertone on Big Red. I had the raw ingredients and a test subject, all under the same roof."
".....he has true compassion for others"
"Is there a man alive today with the manners and discretion of Lieutenant Cornelius Wagstaff?"
"...I decided to use domestic wool roving that I had on hand."
"I think that every person should be forced to work the food industry at least once in their lives. I have people come into Starbucks all the time on their phones. No big deal, right? Except for when you ask them what they want and they shoot you that glare like you're interrupting their phone conversation. To make matters worse, they whisper their order to you so as to not disturb their conversation which of course is always life or death."
"It was the best vacation ever."
"At such a time it is relevant to ask:"
"The birds have been happy and pretty. This is out the window of Holly's old room."
"\"It's 2:40 ? OH SHIT !\""
"Now, onto your Hebrews verses. To be frank, no one knows who really wrote Hebrews. Most historians tend to err on the side of an anonymous author and that it was not Paul, so this example is also moot. And even if it were authentic, it still does not explain why Jesus said to follow the Old Testament MANY times. It is just one more contradiction in a mountain of contradictions. I mean, why would God say that there is a new covenant when Jesus (who is God, but is also the son of God, but is also a part of God, but is also separate from God…) said that you should follow the Old Testament. Jesus never said that he was bringing forth a new covenant. In Isaiah 42:6 it says that God would bring forth a new covenant, yes, but then why did Jesus, who is still God, say to follow the laws of Moses, which are part of the old covenant? But why did God create a covenant with us that he himself even admitted was faulty in Hebrews 8:7? Couldn’t he have just created a better one in the first place? Then there would be no need for a second. However, the mere fact that God created something with the ability to be faulty, whether that be a covenant with humans or humans themselves, is proof that he is not omnipotent."
"On the border between the 6th and 7th Arrondissements, this small garden, squeezed in between the nearby rue de Babylone and boulevard Raspail, is not easily reached and is normally deserted. It is fairly extensive, as Parisian public gardens go. There is almost no vegetation. From inside, its forked shape becomes apparent. Its shorter leg is enclosed between blackened walls over ten metres high and the backs of some large buildings. On this side, a private courtyard makes it difficult to make out the garden's edge."
"And my heart will go on."
"Back in the day when I was a kid, there was no such thing as a reality program, and there were only a few channels to choose from. Things are so much different now that I can’t help but wonder what young adults are interested in watching."
"Strangely enough I hadn’t really fancied becoming involved in this series. I’m not overly fond of going back in time and reading about earlier events once I already know what’s going to happen in the future. Plus I wasn’t sure how Victorian England would lend itself to shadow hunters, particularly from the female’s point of view – couldn’t imagine all the bustles, long skirts and stays and corsets being terribly helpful when you’re fighting a demon (or more to the point trying to run away from one!) However, I was very pleasantly surprised with the first novel – it had a steampunk feel and Victorian London really lent itself to the story with it’s foggy streets and dark alleys, it was packed with action, demons and mechanical objects with automatons playing a very large role and I enjoyed it."
"Pass the pink glow in the dark polish please."
"1. Juicy Couture"
"Yea, I know...she turned three in August but we have been super duper busy. Shortly after I started working about 80 hrs a week between student teaching and my actual work. Now that my grants and stuff has finally come through I am not concerned with making a full paycheck and can relax. So here are some of the pics that we took at Emily's birthday. It was a great day, not too hot and not too cold. She decided that she wanted a Rapunzel party and since Hank thinks that I am trying to live vicariously through my child to have a good birthday, she got exactly that."
"Some recent adventures captured via instagram ..."
"Now to tie it into art. Somehow. Is it art? Is this new way of communication art? How the faces are created? In a way, I think it might not necessarily be an art, but a new way of appreciating arts. There are plenty of these that have been taken from photos, paintings, films, and animation- and recreated to mean something else. So while this isn’t a new form of art itself, it can be argued to be a new form of art appreciation."
"“The worst bit was…”"
"I had left the Labour Party in 1986 because under Kinnock, the values that I then adhered to were saying nothing to a new Britain, a Britain where education had become worthless, a Britain where the health system was overloaded and already showing signs of cracking and inability to cope with an increased population. At the same time, there was a decline in Britain’s economic and fiscal soundness. It was a nation that not even Enoch Powell could have predicted would have emerged with such velocity and speed. This was the mid 1980s when Margaret Thatcher had started to bring the incompetence of the unions, with their lack of vision, under control which I give her credit for. But she widened the doors to the immigration crisis and sealed our fate with the cheap gimmick of clawing back pennies from Europe, rather than expelling the Brussells bureaucrats from our shores. She should have kicked the EEC out of Britain when she had the chance. Because the majority of the problems we face today, together with the inability to do anything to counteract them, stem from our accursed membership of the EU."
"A relatively quick return to Wembley following the disappointment of the 1927 defeat to Cardiff City, the chance to erase the memories of that day. And it was an opportunity that Arsenal did not waste."
"Yesterday, it took me a long time to get home, twice as long actually. Why? Because of traffic."
"Today we are featuring what's soon to be one of my favorite sets called Lighthouses. I just love lighthouses!! My love of lighthouses started as a kid when my mom would take my brother and I to Pacific Grove with my grandpa. Mom and I would sit on the beach and just watch the waves near the Pacific Grove lighthouse while grandpa kept my brother busy by the water. We continued this tradition even after she was diagnosed with breast cancer. In fact, mom's last wish was to be able to walk/sit on the beach by that same lighthouse with her two brothers (who were on opposite sides of the country at the time) and grandpa made sure that happened. Somewhere around the house, I have that picture of her with both brothers on the beach and the Pacific Grove lighthouse standing in the background."
"‘Your iniquities have made a separation between you and your God, and your sins have hidden his face from you so that he does not hear. For your hands are defiled with blood and your fingers with iniquity; your lips have spoken lies; your tongue mutters wickedness. No one enters suit justly; no one goes to law honestly; they rely on empty pleas, they speak lies, they conceive mischief and give birth to iniquity. They hatch adders’ eggs; they weave the spider’s web; he who eats their eggs dies, and from one that is crushed a viper is hatched. Their webs will not serve as clothing; men will not cover themselves with what they make. Their works are works of iniquity, and deeds of violence are in their hands. Their feet run to evil, and they are swift to shed innocent blood; their thoughts are thoughts of iniquity; desolation and destruction are in their highways. The way of peace they do not know, and there is no justice in their paths; they have made their roads crooked; no one who treads on them knows peace. Therefore justice is far from us, and righteousness does not overtake us; we hope for light, and behold, darkness, and for brightness, but we walk in gloom. We grope for the wall like the blind; we grope like those who have no eyes; we stumble at noon as in the twilight, among those in full vigor we are like dead men. We all growl like bears; we moan and moan like doves; we hope for justice, but there is none; for salvation, but it is far from us. For our transgressions are multiplied before you, and our sins testify against us; for our transgressions are with us, and we know our iniquities: transgressing, and denying the Lord, and turning back from following our God, speaking oppression and revolt, conceiving and uttering from the heart lying words.’"
"This spring is shaping up to be one of our busiest yet. I have yet to plant my window boxes and hanging baskets but I did manage to pick up a 1/2 dozen heirloom tomato plants last weekend along with some beautiful herbs. My own startings are coming along but not quite ready for the garden."
"I love pasta and I love clams. So, on the menu this certain night was Linguine with red clam sauce. Of course anything with clams in it and I’m guaranteed to be eating solo. Well, I do have the dogs for company. They never turn their noses up to any of my food! John claims that clams are slimy though he eats mushrooms and I think they are slimy. What the heck dude? I’ll eat mushrooms on certain things but, they aren’t on the top of my list."
"Anne M. Cramer, 47, New York, N.Y."
"So that's how Tumbleweed got her name!"
"Say that title three times fast! I couldn't help it, such a perfect way to describe the INCREDIBLE space you are about to see!"
"Movement – So how do we move when no miniature is the same? Simple, you use a number of Good to move a number of inches. In other words one point of good = one inch of movement."
"I'll share with you gifts I've made for some bloggy friends and I really hope they all like theirs."
"In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook, combine the butter, egg, flour, sugar, salt, yeast and 3/4 cup of the water. Mix on low speed until a rough dough comes together. Continue kneading on low speed until the dough is soft and smooth, about 5-7 minutes. You may need to add some of the remaining 1/4 cup of water if the weather is particularly dry where you are. There shouldn't be dry bits of flour in the bottom of the bowl; if there are, slowly add a little bit of water at a time until the dough clears the sides of the bowl but clings to the bottom."
"Did Noah have woodpeckers on the ark? According to Jenny, the woodpeckers didn’t need to go on the ship, because they can fly! She added, “You should rather ask whether he had termites on his ark”."
"\"How you feeling Moon honey?\""
"“I ate earlier with the boys, so do you want to eat now?” (Suzanne rarely ate after 8pm)."
"Salary Offered: Unspecified"
"So, all you mommies with the happy pictures of your kids with Mickey and Santa. Phhttt...pphhttt.... Shit. How do you make a raspberry sound."
"GOT AN ANXIOUS KID? Lots of 2e kids are anxious, according to the parents we communicate with. A brief article in the Kansas City Star by Julia Cook offers tips for recognizing anxiety and ameliorating it. Find them."
"Anywho, more fun details and tons of pictures coming to you soon! Promise!!"
"If we can't stand it, my mom might get a midnight sleepover with two cats who hate each other (and hate her cats), a needy beagle, and us!"
"We were first told to choose a set of our favourite foods from a big list of foods it showed. These food covering both meat and vegetable – our basic food components anyway, right?"
"With all of our SAMPLES/ SNEAKS this week, Emma likes to do some FUN giveaways!"
"_____I punched my nieghbors kid in the face today and I told him to keep his goat out of my yard"
"The present Fish Market, a Grade II Listed Building, was built between 1878 and 1880 to a design by city engineer A.M. Fowler replacing the former one in The Guildhall which was enclosed and converted into a news room (1897-98)."
"Mirai Nikki gets into this groove of having a lot of mediocrity occasionally punctuated by a half decent or wholly awful episode. Nothing all that interesting happens, and when it does it doesn’t take long for it to fall back into a status quo of Yukiteru relying on Yuno. Quite dull. However, this all changed after his father ended up killing his mother and then dying as well in episode 17. A string of excellent episodes followed. After that moment Yukiteru, seemingly broken or fucked up or something at the loss of both his parents, takes on a new vigor to win this game at any cost, so that he can become god and resurrect everyone that has died as a result, but mostly his parents. He becomes cold-blooded, betrays and kills many friends and comrades just to advance his own chances of winning. He shows bravery, manliness and of course no mercy, and it makes such a refreshing change of pace. Hell, when he’s told that the Yuno he knows is an imposter, he just replies that he doesn’t give a fuck!"
"7. Cut into shapes. Place on parchment or Silpat covered baking sheet."
"For whatever reason, I was supposed to be fried today. I was here for MY test, but somehow, laying on that sterile table with electrodes and wires, and a bazillion watts of electricty buzzing throught my body, I was there for HER."
"But there are also memories from that day that still make me smile. And that have nothing to do with my ex-wife."
"As you can see my oven got a good workout this month. And I see that I still have to learn to remember to take pictures before I wolf down my food. Hehe whoops :) Guess there are still bloggy lessons to learn!"
"fresh ground pepper to taste"
"This week was a short one for me, yay! I worked just three days and took two days off to come to Houston for errands and to visit M's family for the weekend, so no need to explain how relaxed I feel right now. Here are my favorites for this week:"
"I’ve got an interesting story for you. Wait, scratch that. Don’t you just hate it when someone says that then goes ahead to tell you a story that is exactly the opposite of interesting/funny? I don’t want to be that guy. Anyway, that’s not why I’m here. This will be a short post so I might as well get to the juicy bits."
"Curriculum was totally new to me this year. My 4, 3 and 1 year old don't' require any obviously. But this is high school. This stuff counts. (In a \"you have to complete this or don't get your diploma kind of way.\") It all really counts no matter what you're doing. Even the non-school time counts. Is there really non-school time anyway? Life is school. My children are learning every day. They're gaining knowledge from books and experiences but they're also learning habits, character, morals, ways of thinking and more from the environment around them each and every day."
"Now here comes the fuzzy math... The pattern suggests that 42 \"teeth\" would be an appropriate number (anyone who has read Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, which the shawl is named after, will know why.) So counting up my teeth, I see that I have 14, which would put me at about 1/3 of the way done! Of course if you look at the picture you'll realize that the shawl started out extremely narrow and is getting wider on each row, so this math is obviously not accurate. I know that, but I'm going to pretend. ;)"
"5. Kate Moss’s grocery shopping list"
"\"The Lord is close to the brokenhearted"
"This album contains 32 works of three pioneering guitarist and composer of classical Spanish guitar as Fernando Sor, Dionisio Aguado and Francisco Tarrega."
"When entering the interview people tend to create an imaginary barrier to protect themselves, like holding a bag or a piece of paper. To the interviewer this means insecurity."
"The old Jewish guys at the gym talked about him, the old, provincial, West Valey landsmen who sit on their bikes, pedal slowly and talk about their illnesses, the good children and the bad Obama."
"I probably should not admit to how little time it took me to get through all four seasons, but in my defense, the episodes are only 20 minutes each. I'd also like to think that I've learned some things from the series. Okay, so I didn't understand most of the scientific jargon, but who does? Some episodes had me cracking up so much, I'm sure Vero thought I had lost it."
"6 - The Carter Family - My Dixie Darling - 2:58"
"How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days"
"Instead of comparing Dora (a woman who took money for doing something she believed was right, only to later discover that she was wrong and then does her best to fix her mistake) to a family using their ethically earned income to buy themselves luxury items. A better comparison could be made between Dora and the CEO of a major pharmaceutical company.This CEO makes hundreds of thousands of dollars off of a drug that his company been developing for years. This drug is supposed to do great things. Only after it starts to be prescribed, people start getting sick or dying because of an unforeseen side affect or a side affect that one of the scientists covered up in tests. The CEO didn’t know he was doing anything unethical by putting the drug on the market, but when he finds out something is wrong he does a total recall of the drug and begins doing his best to make amends for what he, unwittingly, did."
"Looking for new ideas while typing this blog, I decided to check out YouTube and I found this video. It brought a smile to my face and is nudging me to feel new ideas. Thanks to you, and thanks to the video, I am confident I will finish my project. Here’s to new ideas!"
"Also over on that side, we hit up the Wicked Twister and the maXair. Both of which were a dumb choice, since my cheeseburger was looking to make a repeat performance during the rides."
"Challenge # 28 - Your Favourite Colour Combo - Rosalien's Turn"
"I see that this pattern of being banished from various groups and people really needs to be looked at."
"Hing/Asafoetida - 2 or 3 pinch"
"This is not true. Introverts just don’t talk unless they have something to say. They hate small talk. Get an introvert talking about something they are interested in, and they won’t shut up for days."
"Now, I know I need not give any reasons why you must support Anna Hazare, for it is beneath Anna’s dignity to beg and make case for support when he is fighting for you against an abusive, corrupt regime. But, for those who still prefer to be the ostriches of their country (nah! country would be too vast a term, even I’m an ostrich then, in fact I may even be an ostrich of my city, Delhi, too! But, let’s just keep it to ostriches of the city), here’s a quick recap."
"It's very strange."
"Ash"
"Look now and see how low they have already brought you. Look what has already been stolen whilst you slept."
"Go here to read more about what all is included in the 2010 TOS Schoolhouse Planner, including information on some of the monthly articles which I think are one of the best parts. It lists so much more of what's included than what I have here. I guarantee you're going to be surprised!"
"A quick flash later and the demented Boy Chimney emerges from the booth, smoke belching from his top hat who deals with the thugs and delivers Darren to the hospital. That’s barely half of the story in this issue and it only gets more strange and amazing as it goes on, I absolutely recommend that you pick this up if you can."
"c - It doesn't require primer. Awesome."
"Safari (internet)"
"And off we went to the oyster bar for a very lovely lunch......"
"I woke up on the first day of my most awaited Holy Week break with tears in eyes."
"I don’t want this self-doubt, for me or any other mom. I want us to know just how amazing we are: all the way, deep-down know it."
"3) Determine your ‘flinch point:’ Amy has a system that she uses when she’s thrift shopping to help her decide what she’s willing to buy. She says that her personal flinch point is $5, and if an item costs more than $5 then she thinks long and hard as to whether or not she will buy it. Only at thrift stores could the $5 flinch point makes sense. Compare that to regular, new market retail: “Imagine what it’s like to pick up a new jacket from Banana Republic with the $99.99 price tag still dangling next to the $5 Goodwill tag, only to stop at a major retailer on the way home and buy a tube of mascara for $9,” Amy says."
"I see you. All of you."
"- Hazelnut dacquoise with scattered hazelnut on top"
"ARDC Individual Attorney Record of Public Registration and Public Disciplinary and Disability Information as of December 31, 2009 at 1:23:34 PM:"
"i am pondering..."
"i forgot to mention we added a few hooks on the small wall right when you walk in the back door to throw my purse, B's diaper bag, keys, and jackets on. they are simple but super helpful. it keeps our junk from piling up on the floor, which drives me nuts. next up is a boot tray to go underneath :)"
"I love tucking all the kids in bed, saying goodnight to my husband, and then withdrawing into my writing bubble until I just can’t keep my eyes open any more. I used to be able to stay up until 1 or 2am, but now that I’m older, I can barely make it past eleven. I tend to fall asleep sitting up in my chair with my fingers still on the keyboard."
"Low plank obliques: 36"
"I've set up my shop on Etsy, and even made my very first sale! Max the desk turtle found his home yesterday - and he'll be sent out as soon as this wicked snow is over. This legless little guy is approx 4.5\" from nose to tail, 2.5\" wide, and 1.5\" tall. He was made working in the round, without a pattern, and is one of a kind."
"I posted a similar article yesterday, but didn’t have all the details. Filed under WTF! Obama Gives Seven Alaska Islands To Russia. This is the same article, only the full article – including the addendum explaining that this issue is NOT NEW!"
"To share with you, I started planning 2 months in advance which gives ample time to take care of essentials and avoid any last minute of surprises. In my next post I will share with you more details on the essentials and some of the common issues that cropped up in the organizing phase."
"“One simple but effective prayer technique is to light a white or baby-blue colored candles. Think a moment in peace. Speak your intention to the flame and send the light of it on to the leaders who have the power to make war or peace.”"
"I still have tears rolling down my face from laughing so hard I had to run for the bathroom!"
"So I was thinking if we could all put a little money in (whatever people can afford) we could maybe raise enough for them to go away and have a nice honeymoon when things settle down. We could maybe get them some holiday vouchers or just get them a later flight to New York so they don't totally miss out on the hotels they've already paid for."
"I signed Oscar up for soccer. I'm looking forward to being a perfectly mediocre/sub-par soccer mom. I also look forward to the many arguments about going to soccer practices and games that are sure to ensue (because Oscar does this thing? Where even when we are doing something he enjoys, he still fights about it? It's pretty great.); and what is sure to be a crushing disappointment on the part of Miles William who is too young to play."
"Humanities Centre L41"
"Everyone knows that you’re either ahead of a style or you’re behind it, I’m not missing the boat on this one and neither should you. I recommend everyone rushes out and gets one—or maybe two, I’ve seen that quite a few times as well—of these suckers right away."
"why? why am I not good enough? why do we have to go through this? why is this not over yet? why do more things keep adding on?"
"when nothing seemed to turn out right"
"Hey everyone! Long time, no see. I was out of town for a bit, and it took me a little while to get back into the swing of things once I returned. But I am back now, and I have some projects to share."
"and how she drives me nuts!"
"Two Girls, Fat and Thin- Mary Gaitskill (p)"
"Sitting outside"
"As for the romantic elements . . well, they’re nothing to write home about. Gendo and Yui, who star as students in a sidestory that takes up all of volume five, have a nice little love story, but other than that none of the character’s love lives are particularly interesting, and certainly not unique. Really, Angelic Days boasts no unique or even notable plot elements."
"If fax is sent from outside the United States, dial first the International Area"
"my cricut"
"My fingers are lycra ice-skaters in the same skirted troop. They’ll keep on with their cantilever until an unsheathed blade finds the jugular."
"Example: Fellow fan: “Hah! I can’t believe we’re playing Vanderbilt!” You: “I’ve had just about enough of your Vassar-bashing, young lady!”"
"We're off track this week and trying to keep things as normal as possible while we're under construction. Dinner is last minute and cooking is not an option!"
"“Europe and the United States are heading in two different directions. That became quite clear today as the manufacturing numbers for Europe were dismal while unemployment for the entire Eurozone reached 10.9% which is up 9.1% from last year. The entire Continent is in a recession, with the exception of Germany, and I think their next release, in mid May, will show that they have joined the rest of their brethern. Austerity has its costs and two of them are increased unemployment and a decline in demand for goods and services which is then exacerbated by the drop in the number of people that are working. All of this will get played out in a number of ways including a drop in the value of the Euro against the Dollar, ever widening spreads for European assets versus corresponding American assets and increasing costs for the refinancing of European bank and sovereign debt. As the effects of the LTRO wane and as it becomes apparent that there will be no new easing by the ECB; the problems mount. Liquidity wins in the short term but the issues of solvency and structural deficiencies remain and, being unsolved, they continue to weigh upon various credits and worsen their financials as investors take note and shed European assets. In the months ahead, for both political and economic reasons, I think we will see a flight back to American assets as the picture in Europe becomes both clearer and obviously worse.”"
"Also, I'm making a major effort to update my links. Getting rid of dead blogs and adding cool new ones. If anyone wants to help by reporting dead links, new links for old blog, or just new good blogs to add, please do. Since every time I check I link I have to go back over the past year's posts (it's been that long since I checked most of them), it takes a while."
"As part of the surprise Sarah had compiled a ‘This Is Your Life’ style video that was great and reinforced my opinion that he is actually something of an understated legend in his own right with: a groundbreaking first release ‘Drum N Bossa’ on Hospital Records back in 1999, which predated the big wave of Brazillian and Brazillian influenced Drum N Bass that was to sweep the scene a couple of years later; a residency at FWD (seminal Garage / Dubstep club night); and some time spent drumming for possibly the greatest of the live D&B bands, London Elektricity."
"After the 5 day wait they FINALLY got the fax. The lady over the phone was empathetic but by this point I was frustrated and was annoyed by the sentiment. I knew I wasn’t pregnant 5 days ago and she should have known this considering I communicated to them that I had been testing at home and had not received a positive result."
"Different automobiles are different in make therefore, expertise is needed to service each type of vehicle. An expert in this field is trained in dealing with every aspect of the car. He is able to troubleshoot any anomaly in operation, correct any dysfunctions and advice you accordingly."
"I thought I would never do this again, but here I am remodeling an old house. This is a cottage I bought 17 years ago and it was pretty much a wreck back then. The work put into it in the early 90’s has been used up by time and the lives of some lovely people who tenanted the house over the years. So it’s time to fix it up and move into it myself later this summer. It’s a modest little house built in 1950 on a piece of land that is at the edge of the town of Jacksonville, Oregon. I have almost an acre of land and, praise be, neighbors on only one side so far and open land wherever else I look. Of course, as these things go there is always more work that needs to be done than time and money to do it. I am looking at a multi stage project and have decided to tackle those jobs that are most important to me in this first phase. Energy efficient windows are the top priority along with replacing all the doors with solid wood ones. And air conditioning, which led to needing a new furnace. (That put a dent in the budget.) And I need a nice bedroom with a wood floor and a glass door out to the deck we are going to build in the back. That will be where the handmade paper will happen. The indoor studio will be in the larger of the two bedrooms. The walls and ceilings need to be resurfaced throughout the house. The bathroom and kitchen are boring, but functional, and so they will just get a new coat of paint for now and I will dream about their upgrades in the cold of next winter."
"Those deemed to be former collaborators are obliged to resign from office and if they do so they are guaranteed anonymity."
"Now local, I phoned our tour guide arranger Mohammed, who joined us at our hotel to review the plans for the next four days. My one page of details and scribbled notes became the basis of all reminders and my travel journal. He also took us to buy water and sandwiches from one of the local delis. Fed and through showers, we adjourned to bed. Cairo continued it's noise, the noise pollution of car horns, sirens, etc, said to make the city 8x as loud as a city of equivalent size."
"Many events have occurred which have created uncertainty and risk"
"Whole wheat flour: About 2 cups."
"I was being massively in awe over the weekend of other bloggers, in particular Matt (According to Matt) and his latest creation, a granny square cushion with buttons. Swoooon! It's made me realise I need to start finishing more little things, then I keep you guys entertained! So I've made some more mini bunting flags and as soon as I have enough I'll photograph them and hopefully decide how to string them together :-)"
"Grab hold of all that God offers You. You’ll discover that He has a plan and a destiny for every child."
"Click on the title to go over and have a look at it for yourself. If you pick up a copy, I’d love to hear your thoughts on my thoughts."
"We went to a creche (a showing of nativities from all over the world) a few weeks ago. We had a great time looking at the beautiful- AMAZING displays of nativities and then spent time doing crafts and games. One thing I didn't expect was that I would be dressing up as Mary before the night was through. But I guess that's what happens when you have a 4 year old. Zorro saw the people dressing up and getting photos taken and wanted to join in. We completely encouraged it until we realized that he wanted us to be a part of that photo too. Well, I wasn't about to spoil that moment for him so I let them dress me and D let them dress him- OMG I can't believe D let them dress him!!!- and we set out to be Mary, Joseph and a Shepherd. The shepherd insisted I hold the \"baby Jesus\" doll."
"The sense that she diffuses of a simple, unselfish, patient nature and of impulsive tenderness of heart, however,cannot have been missed by anybody with eyes to see. And she crowns all by speaking the English language with a beauty that has seldom been equalled.”"
"Mashable also noted a study by AppData.com concluding that Pinterest – only two years old with 11.7 million active registered users has become one of the ‘top traffic driver to the websites of women’s lifestyle magazines as well as women’s blogs’."
"So we pray."
"BLOOD MONEY"
"Our 3rd and final day with the car was definitely my favorite. It was New Year's Eve, the weather was forecasted to be clear, and we wanted to do something fun. We decided to drive the Sea to Sky Highway up to Squamish and Whistler. Let me just say, it did not disappoint!"
"Sorry it is upside down."
"If you’re relying on job boards and recruiters for those interviews then all I can say is good luck because there isn’t a recruiter in the world who can put their hand on heart and tell you that all you need to do is re-write and re-post your CV on the job boards if you want to accelerate the process."
"SAN ANTONIO - Ranger Creek is releasing a new series of limited-run beers named RE:SESSION, with the first two beers available now at select locations in San Antonio, Austin and Houston."
"OK, I’ll use it also for upcoming works… to see if my characters have a balanced presence in order of importance, LOL! About the 8 steps… I must thank Tricia Kristufek for spotting my passive voice at least three times in Allan de Sayek – thanks, Trish! If you’re looking for a good editor, contact her!"
"Try interval training (shorter runs that mix in intense efforts with recovery) because studies have found these workouts burn more calories during and after exercise. It will hopefully help with getting bored, too. Because if you get bored, you’ll have a harder time going back."
"Consequently, we have very different ideas about money."
"My trouble with gatekeepers is not that parents or schools have the right to make the call about what's suitable for their kids--of course they do, even if I don't agree with the call."
"I'm not certain if I'll join yet."
"It only took us 5 minutes to get to her school so we made it there before the movie started. We even had time for us to get some popcorn and water that the PTO was selling for a buck each and Emma was able to say hi to numerous teachers and a few friends. Then we made our way into the auditorium to find some seats. Emma wanted to sit with her friend Haily but the seat around her were all taken. Of course that lead to me being a mean mom and making Emma sit a few rows in front of her. At that moment I really considered turning around and going back home but I didn't. Eventually Emma quite pouting and watched the movie."
"Gods compared to aliens, p108:"
"When you realize there is nothing lacking,"
"I just very recently spent the day cleaning out my baking cupboard from one mouse who was living the high life. I found, to my surprise, the bottom plastic of an 8 oz. tube of frosting chewed to bits and the entire contents, not only devoured, but, the inside completely licked clean. Talk about a last meal!"
"Now that I have been put right with God through faith, I have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. He has brought me by faith into this experience of God’s grace, in which I now live. And so I boast of the hope I have of sharing God’s glory! I also boast of my troubles, because I know that troubles produces endurance, endurance brings God’s approval, and His approval creates hope. This hope does not disappoint me, for God has poured out His love into my heart by means of the Holy Spirit, who is God’s gift to me! Amen!"
"The buck stops right here. (And it might as well, seeing as it’s not even worth much anymore.) You will work harder. You will succeed."
"Maybe I should grow up?"
"Now boasting about my self is not a good thing. If I brag about my self, show off or toot my own horn, well, it’s just “my bad”. When I boast in the LORD; I sing His praises and I glorify Him."
"I suggested we give it a try. I reached for a knife to cut a small piece. My neighbor who brought the cheese stopped me and said “Don’t cut it with a knife … use a Girolle”."
"I do not enjoy \"This American Life.\" Though I was never a big O.C. fan, I think Summer said it all with the following: \"Is that where a bunch of pretentious hipsters talk about how fascinating ordinary people are? God!\""
"Kawaii Fair, where cupcakes really do grow on trees, will be wrapping up this Saturday, which makes it the perfect time for a lag-free visit to pick up the exclusive Kawaii Fair items and the gifts…oh so many free gifts everywhere throughout the fair."
"The moon comes up at six o’clock,"
"She needed something at her neck (the cut from the cartridge just has it plain) so I cut another one of the tail feathers, cuddlebugged it with the swiss dots folder, inked the edges and turned it upside down so now she has some neck feathers."
"(King grabs Fareda’s hands and sees the red paint.)"
"Interstitial and Cornual Pregnancy"
"The ovaries produce and release usually one egg each month during the menstrual cycle. Along with the adrenal gland, the ovaries also produce the female hormones estrogen and progesterone, which regulate and maintain the secondary female sexual characteristics."
"On the day I sold my house, I collected keys. As I sat in the lawyer’s office, waiting for some documents to be copied, I fingered the keys I’d laid on the table beside me."
"I may exaggerate a tad but I’m not gonna lie, nor will I be Pollyannaish about it. Generally, Nicaraguan cuisine has less gastrointestinal goodness than Iberian, Mexican, Peruvian, or Venezuelan fare. This shouldn’t be surprising as Nicaragua lies at a great economic disadvantage to almost all of its Latin counterparts. This country actually ranks as one of the top three poorest lands in the entire western hemisphere. This means that a huge chunk of the population lives hand to mouth and needs to focus on sustenance as opposed to fancy food."
"He’s not a character devoid of controversy – but I would expect that kind of thing to be RetConned out of any filmic incarnation. It’s okay for Tony Stark to have some alcohol intake problems if they serve the plot – but nobody really wants to see the next “Iron Man” play like an indirect sequel to “Leaving Las Vegas“, do they? And I kind of doubt that Marvel are going to spend any of those “Avengers” takings on shooting a film where the lead character beats up his significant heroine other."
"She pulled the dress off the rack, I tried it on, decided immediately, then we went to have a delicious Thai lunch. (It's a pattern we've repeated over the years on other shopping expeditions.) The dress was perfect: subtle rainbow irridescent beadwork, elegant tapered sleeves, a multitude of cloth-covered buttons up the back. Plus the skirt spun beautifully! I felt a moment of pure silence in my soul as my new husband twirled me around on the lawn at the Henry Miller Library, the white satin flowing outward in a dramatic crescent, soft green grass whirling past."
"I’m not the first President to call for this idea that everybody has got to do their fair share. Some years ago, one of my predecessors traveled across the country pushing for the same concept… So this President gave another speech where he said it was “crazy” — that’s a quote — that certain tax loopholes make it possible for multimillionaires to pay nothing, while a bus driver was paying 10 percent of his salary. That wild-eyed, socialist, tax-hiking class warrior was Ronald Reagan."
"Our two friends from London, and this is their progress of love, asked us to go with them the following Monday to the Office of the City Clerk in Manhattan and witness their wedding - which we did, in the lavender-decorated ceremony room. I'm pleased to say that neither the color scheme nor the continuing rain dampened their ardor."
"Did you miss me? I missed you."
"The Progressive Exercise is a unique lesson in the Sensorial area of the Montessori classroom which heightens awareness of the child's sense of touch. This lessons aids the child's development of the haptic, or \"blind man's\" sense. The student is invited to feel with his fingertips one of four different objects in pairs and sort each one into sections of a tray or small dishes. Then, he closes his eyes or covers them with a blindfold and proceeds to feel the remaining items from the pairs, one at time. After one object is felt, the child compares it to the others and pairs the items by touch alone."
"Since 2009, the City of Brussels supports the fair by acquiring an outdoor sculpture for the improvement of the public space projects. Each year one of the artists participating in “Art in the City” is invited to create an outdoor sculpture for a specific public space for the city of Brussels. The artists in the exhibition are represented by galleries showing in the fair."
"A capricious period"
"1 riot"
"Other characters that make the story compelling are like sub-contractors that do their specialties in “reconstructing” Charlie. Shelley Jackson, Charlie’s chocolate Barbie, basketball-playing roommate and first girl friend, adds sparkle and vivacity to life like Charlie had never seen. The bond they form is strong and one of trust. The coaches, the nerdy, unique Jerry Khan that helps Charlie’s PLAN along, the wrestlers Tex and Mac, the construction firm owner Ken Duffy, and the remarkable people associated with “The Haven” a sanctuary for women and children all influence Charlie, but none of them absolve Charlie’s sense of guilt or ease the need she has to reconnect with her mother."
"Duberstein’s lobbying firm is American Council of Life Insurers"
"-When I came home from work last Friday, I open the door and stepped in about an inch of water. Reed had put too much toilet paper in there and it was pouring water. The hardwood floors in my hallway are still drying out. I really hope there is not permanent damage."
"MAKE IT"
"Perfect for the Vampy woman"
"I realize it doesn't bother most people, apparently, but then I am a purist when it comes to these things. I like each thing to be distinct and true to itself. I don't like blends and adulterations. But that's just me."
"Because it had a stairway that was perfect for playing 'Troll Under the Bridge'."
"b. The Supreme Constitutional Court shall rule on the claim within 30 days of being entered in its register."
"But exactly how bad a job do they do compared to self-pubbers?"
"Little did I know that when I made my first pilgrimage to Medjugorje in 1985 that I would find myself drawn to return again and again. This past June I made another pilgrimage to spend two weeks in prayer and reflection. I had the joy of being present for the 26th anniversary of the apparitions and attending the priest's retreat. However, this is the first time that I am writing a reflection on my experience in Medjugorje. A good friend of mine, Mate, suggested that it was time for me to start writing about my experiences. Actually his exact words were, \"Yo, Father don't you think its time to start writing about all that has happened to you!\" (By the way, unlike me who only speaks English and a bit of Spanish, my friend was able to ask me the same question in 5 different languages! ) I was touched by his invitation and sat down to write this reflection. When I was studying theology as I was preparing to be ordained a Jesuit priest, I learned that \"symbols/signs (given by God) have an excess of meaning.\" This insight came alive again this past June while I was in Medjugorje for the anniversary of the apparition and the priest's retreat (this trip was either my ninth or tenth trip - I have lost count - now instead of counting how many times I have been, I thank the Blessed Mother for her loving invitation to come and stay!) Undoubtedly, the extraordinary symbol that we are given in Medjugorje is that the Blessed Mother has been appearing here for the past twenty six years. We must understand that the Blessed Mother always points us to a greater sign than herself. She always draws us to her Son. In Medjugorje, we are truly given a gift because Mary calls us to her Son through the sacraments. As a priest, I am touched and moved when I see pilgrims returning to the Eucharist and to confession. I find that when I celebrate mass and hear confessions, I experience a little bit of heaven. As a sinner myself, I often feel unworthy when I am listening to pilgrims during confession and they generously open their hearts and their lives to me. It is through the sacraments of the Eucharist and Confession that we are given the grace to be healed and to courageously become signs to the world of God's fidelity and love. This is one of the many graces that exist in Medjugorje - the grace to be a sign like our Blessed Mother. If we live and embrace the messages of Medjugorje we too will point other people to Jesus. This time in Medjugorje, I had a feeling of being at home. I was no longer a visitor...I was returning home...home where I would experience peace and be filled with awe and wonder. This feeling of being at home began the minute I arrived. Within minutes of my arrival I was given the gift of being present for an apparition. I have experienced this gift many times, but this time, while I was kneeling and praying I had a sense that Mary wanted me to again open my heart to how God would use me during my stay. This feeling of being at home is both a grace and a challenge. Since, when you are at home you can no longer sit on the side lines and wait for God to act. When you are at home you are called to labor with God. When you are at home you are called to live the Gospel with all your mind, heart and soul. There are so many stories that I can share of my time in Medjugorje, so many experiences of God's love and Mary's presence that even thinking of them makes me feel humble and grateful! However, let me share with you one experience of how God works through our Blessed Mother. During my two weeks in Medjugorje, I had been praying to celebrate mass for the Cenacolo community. As a matter of fact, I had started praying for this even before I arrived in Medjugorje. As circumstances were in Medjugorje, it appeared that my prayer was not going to be answered, since during my first week I was not asked to celebrate mass and during my second week there were plenty of priests present for the retreat. The Cenacolo community had many priests to celebrate mass for them. As my time in Medjugorje was drawing to a close I had resigned myself to the fact that I would not be celebrating mass for the Cenacolo community."
"I'm going to pull myself up by my bootstraps (or maybe it is my shoelaces) and get a grip. I can do this. I'm a big girl (I think?). I didn't expect this to be so hard. The truth is, the processes of the past 7 weeks have all be hard. I just kept going through it, trying not to feel or think...just stay busy..keep working...I kept telling myself. Now I have to get real and face this. Right now, I'm torn between two lives and the memories of home that are forever changed."
"Happy April!! I have a few fun (I think!) announcements:"
"• Sweet Flavorburst Bell Peppers – it’s round 2 for trying Bell Peppers, last year didn’t yield anything so we’re going transplants this year to see if that makes a difference."
"* Cool on pan 10 minutes, transfer onto rack to cool."
"there; and what they of old could not endure so much as to see they now used"
"Faded stars are coming back from a distance in the sacred year of the Sigi Tolo"
"4.Jessica Simpson says her impending bundle of joy is expected to weigh in at a healthy 10 pounds. Is she having a boy or a girl?"
"In the meantime, here are a few cards I've seen in the few days that have caught my eye:"
"Sitting in a cafe in LA drinking iced cafe con leche. Behind me a model earnestly explaining to a friend: “They say I'm emerging. And you know, I decided I prefer that-- I'd rather be emerging than defined, wouldn't you?”"
"Regarding food ways, I have to agree with Michael Pollan who advises others to \"Eat real food. Not too much. Mostly plants.\" Simple enough? It's certainly manageable for me and it's where I've landed. No counting calories, nutrients, logging in foods, figuring percentages, or feeling guilty for eating one food over another. Just living with a lighter heart, lighter conscious, and more freedom."
"After that review, it was no surprise that Ben was one of the winners of the round. Who was the other winner? Christian. From lowest to highest in just a few hours! Too bad you could say the opposite about two of the cooks in the bottom three."
"Soft songs through café flowed."
"General hints: An MTA Day Pass, good for all modes, is $3.50--cheaper if you're a senior. It's only thirty cents more than the cost of two bus trips, or any round trip on the subway or Light Rail, so it's best to get said pass if you anticipate any use other than a simple round trip. Baltimore has also instituted a \"smart card\" electronic card reader program called the Charm Card, similar to Washington DC's SmartCard; in fact, they are interchangeable, and DC's SmartCards will work on Baltimore's MTA and even carry over cash balances between systems. (These cards do not recognize day passes on the Baltimore system yet, so get a paper \"day pass\" if you intend to take the above advice.)"
"Spread 1 bread slice with mayo. Fill bread slices with all remaining ingredients except dressing."
"“I did not really get you. Care to explain?” she asked him."
"Brief overview: The zombie apocalypse (a favorite of zombie fans everywhere--nearly a sine qua non of the zombie chic) has occurred turning the vast majority of the United States into small zones of the living sandwiched between large tracts of the Rot and Ruin of the title. Benny is the brother of one of the great zombie bounty hunters Tom, who he regards, for a variety of reasons as a coward. Benny is much more taken by his heroes Motor City Hammer and Pink-Eye Charlie. Benny needs to get a job by the end of the summer to continue on full rations and after trying out a number of possibilities finally approaches his brother for a position as apprentice. After the first experience in this apprenticeship Benny finds his world turned upside down. A little later it is turned upside down again when someone attacks his best friends."
"Are you a fan of zombies and video games, but recent games featuring zombies are not your type, because they all seem the same? Here's the solution!"
"Cakes and or stitching,"
"He was a total champ BTW. I was about to type that he \"took it like a man\" but that just seems all shades of wrong. You know, because most men I know clench just at the thought of an enema."
"For You are the Father’s Son"
"Not only did we have the news of Roger Joining us on the day, but we also had the news of a much younger Conservative activist making the sensible decision to join UKIP in the attractive shape of Alexandra Swann, who until last October was Deputy Chairman (Political) for Conservative Future. Both made excellent speeches and both were warmly welcomed by the UKIP members."
"Don't quit your day job, though--because you won't make much without working 16 nonstop hours a day (though a determined writer could easily make $300 to $500 a week writing for DS working about 6-8 hours a day, five days a week.) Still, if you can write on the side, or if you're lucky enough to have a working spouse who can afford to support you as you start your career, content mills present one option to help you get moving in the right direction."
"PC aren't immune either, they're in panic mode trying to figure out how to stop the bleeding. Overall the leadership in the PC is the strongest, but we're also talking about a government that's used to winning and everyon nkows, where you settle, there you die."
"On Friday night, before we retired to bed, I asked him if he had any “guest” fitness passes for his gym. I think the request caught him a bit off-guard but he recovered quickly by saying that he had in fact just received two passes in the mail earlier in the week. After a brief discussion, we decided to all head to the gym as our first activity of the next morning. I went to bed, kind of excited that for the first time in 20+ years of visiting with my friend… this would be the first time that he and I would have went and worked out together (or at least in the same building)."
"9) Bake for about 12 minutes, they will be soft, but hold up to a metal spatula when done."
"The temperature on Saturday was a toasty 99."
"The most powerful commonly available chambering is the .50bmg; a round originally designed in 1917 for heavy machineguns, and still used for that today."
"~ Divide egg white foam into 2 portions and add into the egg yolks batter separately."
"I've sensed you also are staring"
"Online community expert Amber Naslund gets a bit more specific, and a bit closer to an actual definition of engagement, saying[4] it involves one or all of the following:"
"I’d had trepidations about attending the function. Feared that the gathering would be reduced to some sort of freak show, with people gawking at those members of society who are normally overlooked, ignored, hidden at home. Because coming face to face with ‘nature’s mistakes’ discomfits us."
"GET INSTANT EVEN AT 2 AM GUARANTEDD"
"As told in Watson’s classic memoir, The Double Helix, it was a tale of boundless ambition, impatience with authority and disdain, if not contempt, for received opinion. “A goodly number of scientists,” Watson explained, “are not only narrow-minded and dull but also just stupid.” Feynman wrote one word, in capitals: DISREGARD on his notepad when he read that. This word became his motto. That, he said, was the whole point. That was what he had forgotten, and why he had been making so little progress. The way for thinkers like himself to make a breakthrough was to be ignorant of what everybody else was doing and make their own interpretations and guesses."
"Another good way to keep in the loop with what’s happening is to stay in the Word. Doing so helps you to understand God’s heart and character, his values and even his plan. It gives you perspective, especially if you’re doubting where the words came from. If they line up with God’s Word, there’s a guess. And, God doesn’t just randomly tell you things. You have to ask him, talk with him. Say, “Lord, I want to seek you and I need your wisdom!” (James 1:5) Align your will to His will. Awesome things happen when you do. That’s not saying that instead of doing what you want, you’re settling for what he wants instead. No, that’s saying that pretty soon you’ll want what God wants. And he’ll provide for you, while still getting what you want, in a way. That’s a tough one. I’m going to stop talking about that, and if you want to know more, ask someone authoritative who knows better than me. Oh, and you should ask the questions correctly. Instead of asking, “Lord, what is your will for my life?” Look at it differently. “Lord, how does my life fit into your will?” It gives a different perspective."
"I see now where I went wrong with my mother though. I assumed… No… I expected her to just “accept, and love me” because I am her child… I’m such a fool."
"The reason I enjoyed the movie is because it wasn’t short-changing me when it came to emotional range and that’s the problem with most male characters in romantic comedies. I don’t want to see a man fall in love with a girl to the point where he can’t keep it together and loses damn near everything else in life, because that’s not honest. I don’t want to see a man whose heart is so cold he can’t manage to fall in love with the perfect woman even though she’s staring at him right in the face, because that’s not honest. And I definitely don’t want to see the movie where the man eventually gets the girl because he worked out whatever issues he had, because that’s not honest either."
"I don’t know these people, so I have no reason to be hurt by their abrupt departure. Still, I thought to myself as I picked at the top of a muffin – this is my home. I did everything I could to make it feel like home to them, and they snuck out without even saying goodbye."
"Looking back, my theory that we’d see a huge upswing in fantasy for young readers seems to have come true. Yes, the then-recent success of Harry Potter was a critical factor. But beyond that, for many, the reality of life and especially death felt too real in 2001."
"Theme: Try a recipe with a blogger friend"
"The court learnt that he had used a PlayStation Portable (PSP) game console to distract the boy before ‘bending down’ to give oral sex to him. The same tactic was used on another boy who was eight at the time."
"“I look at what happened between President Obama and President Karzai as a 1930s, Chamberlain, Hitler moment,” West told radio host Frank Gaffney. “There is not going to be peace in our time.”"
"or else I left it out-of-doors"
"“Boss, he says there’s trouble down the corridor and he’s in a rush.”"
"The Sixers season begins with five straight road games, four of which take place in December. The Sixers’ December opponents are Portland, Phoenix, Utah, and Golden State. Continuity will help the Sixers in these matchups. The Trailblazers will be without Brandon Roy who has been forced into retirement due to degenerative knee issues. This stretch for the Sixers should be a good one despite having to start on the road."
"i need someone to put the pieces back together."
"About six months ago Bob and I had a long discussion about Apps. We even discussed creating Series Apps or a WDWPUB App with a development company. I, being the techno geek that I am, took a few webinars on App Development. Where I saw an App would be beneficial for our company would be in the Area 51 series BUT not as a book App, but as a game App! Oh yeah. Mike Turcotte roaming around in a bouncer, defeating the bad aliens. I’d play with that App. I also think Bob would have some really cool, neato ideas (I lost Bob the moment I said neato) for this kind of game. I mean, he was a Green Beret after all and is grandfather to the future leader of the resistance…"
"Words that pop out in the definition of hope are words like expect, confidence, and belief. God wants our hope and our faith. He wants them because He knows that we are all tired of being let down and disappointed. That’s why we are told to place our hope, our faith, our confidence, and our belief in Him……because He is unfailing in love, grace, mercy, compassion, comfort, and forgiveness. God is unfailing."
"“I have produced similar First Day Covers for 11 years now\" said Ms Sheridan of Sheridan Covers, \"and I have had the pleasure to produce covers featuring organisations such as the William Morris Society, The Mary Rose Trust, The Historical Maritime Society and Friends of the Earth.”"
"Other features a speech synthesis so you can figure out what the little robot is holding without ever having to poke his face. Another great feature would be the speech-to-text, so that you can simply speak out loud your response to your family member, and Kompott will take care of the rest for you. And there’s a button at the center of the robot’s chest, which if pressed will bring up the full list of all your contacts stored within. Unfortunately, there’s no plans to bring Kompott to the mass market quite yet, but what it will do without a doubt is work as a great jumping-off-point for more robots like it, with even better features to make getting in touch the easiest it has ever been."
"The thorny topic of animal sex tourism reminds of a conversation I had with a Welshman while tending bar at the safari guesthouse. After downing this third glass of beer, he asked me the following question:"
"Caveat: no book is ever perfect. This is not a licence to hold onto your book forever because it doesn't match up to the Platonic ideal you conceived when you planned the book. It has to be publishably good, not worthy of having been written by an omniscient god. If you hold on to your book for ages, tweaking and pithering about with it, you will never submit anything. And if you have a deadline imposed by a publisher, you have to submit by that deadline. Don't hang on to it for a bit longer because it isn't quite right. Read this post for a rant about the importance of meeting deadlines. Is this incompatible with everything else I have said? Not really - you just need to start the book early enough, and write it quickly enough, to leave time to correct and improve it before the deadline. That's easy, isn't it?"
"Louvin Brothers - When I Stop Dreaming: Best Of - 1995"
"“Hey, why don’t I walk you home?” he said. Cassandra lived near Washington Square Park. He could play the good guy. Drop her off. Safe and Sound. Then head down alone to Chinatown."
"And if you ever need reassurance or doubt how I feel.. then remember this post…"
"So, here's the ingredient line-up: all-purpose flour (I use unbleached), baking powder, baking soda, salt, sugar, softened cream cheese, vegetable oil, one egg, milk, and vanilla. (A printable recipe is at the end of this post.) You'll want to organize your ingredients, because you'll be adding melted butter, while it's still warm. This happens fast. Ready?"
"First things first though. Who was Pey Berland? Pey (Pierre, or Peter, in Gascon) was born in 1375 to a father who was a labourer from Avensan and a mother who was a peasant from Moulis. In spite of these humble roots, he was educated by a local notary before being sent to a clerical school in Bordeaux after the death of his father, then to university in Toulouse. Returning to Bordeaux, he became a priest in Bouliac to the south-east of the city around 1412. He went on to become secretary to the Archbishop of Bordeaux, travelling around France, Italy and England in this capacity, before Pope Martin V appointed him Archbishop of Bordeaux on August 13th 1430."
"and leading me into the room. 'Look,' she said softly, her"
"If you are interested in reading this and even if you disagree - and know how to be a responsible, respectful adult - please do read it....you will get a picture of what is going on and how to donate/pray/help."
"Big Day Out by Jacqueline Wilson, Illustrated by Nick Sharratt (Ages 8+)"
"those tiny marshmallows that melt in hot chocolate"
"Baby’s size: sweet pea"
"Dorado Films' DVD features a solid 2.35:1 anamorphic widescreen transfer from a reasonably decent source print. There's a little bit of dirt and print damage evident, and some very minor color shifting issues, but otherwise, it's quite stable, with solid contrasts, good detail, and no obvious cuts or missing frames. Audio is English 2.0."
"America is over-educating the population. Yes. *OVER* educating."
"Agilo are the company that forced us in administration over a loan by Simon Jordan that they are worried will not be paid. They are owed about 5 million from what I have been reading. Jordan is \"owed\" 20 million and the other 5 million is owed to tax man and other clubs I believe."
"Sources claim that John McCabe of McCabe Builders and Anglo Golden Circle fame has contracted to sell a site at 11-15 Arlington Street in St James’s in London SW1A 1RD for in excess of GBP 20m (€23m). The site believed to be this one described on the McCabe UK website has planning permission for up to 14 apartments but it is understood that the present intention is to develop seven apartments, each with a gross internal area of 2,000 sq ft. The relevant planning application is understood to be 00/02615/FULL available here. Apartments are fetching in excess of GBP 4,000 per square foot in Mayfair at present but Arlington Street, a stone’s throw from the Ritz hotel, would be considered a less valuable secondary location within London’s borough of the City of Westminster; the speculation is that these seven apartments would fetch GBP 2,500 psf or GBP 5m a pop. The buyer has not yet been revealed. It is understood that McCabe is selling the property under NAMA’s auspices."
"After a wonderful, relaxing and fun week/weekend, it's hard to start another week. (Especially since it's month end AND quarter end!) (All my financial friends feel me, right?)"
"\"I'm delighted that I've been rewarded for my efforts by the fans and my fellow professionals.\""
"The New Statesman’s exclusive George Galloway’s conversion to Islam seems to have quite a few people upset, not least Gorgeous George himself. But is it a big deal? Why do people care? And what does it have to do with his ability to serve Bradford? In my opinion, nothing. So why are people so bothered about his alleged conversion?"
"Some shine bright"
"During this time of tight budgets, the police department has been forced to put off or abandon certain programs. One of these was the patrol officer rifle program. The idea was to have at least one officer on each squad carry a rifle. The fight against crime has escalated and we have seen an increase in the use of high powered rifles and automatic weapons by criminals. Our handguns and sparse shotguns are no match for the arsenal being used by the bad guys."
"Persuasion, Northanger Abbey – Austen"
"that layered the windows"
"3) They both promised all the latest in preventing over drying of your hair."
"Diaby created some space for himself and fired wide."
"And I just don’t get it."
"Then, when he's taken to the witness room of the Joliet courthouse, William decides he is going to escape. When the guards allow him to go to the bathroom unsupervised, he climbs out the open window sill and launches himself twelve feet downwards to the grass."
"NB Piet's new book, Piet Boon III, has just been released worldwide by Lanoo publishers. I've already put it on Christmas Wish List."
"years ago; we don’t know how soon those might become a factor around the Atlantic basin, or even if they will. It’s unsettling to realize that we may have no way of finding out until the first one hits."
"Casein/Caseinate/Sodium Caseinate – Milk protein. In “non-dairy” creamers, soy cheese, many cosmetics, hair preparations, beauty masks. Alternatives: soy protein, soy milk, and other vegetable milks."
"o) What do you think would make a perfect first date?"
"\"You'll like him - he's got great hair.\""
"While Jesus Christ was on earth, He was the perfect “Man after the heart of God”. Long before His incarnation, King David was called “a man after God’s heart”. Now, while we’re awaiting the return of the Lord Jesus, are there still amongst us people whose hearts resonate with the heart of God? And what does it mean to be heart-in-heart with God?"
"¾ teaspoons baking soda"
"One year ago today, after returning from a Spring Break outing with The Girls, we decided to cool off in the pool. As I watched them splash and frolic, I logged onto FB and saw disturbing status updates from my friends and family back home in Alabama. Things like “angry skies here” and “debris falling in my yard y’all”. Immediately, I jerked up the phone and called my sister in North Alabama. Luckily, I got through, but what I heard on the other end was soul-shaking. My big sister, whom I’ve always known to be a pillar of strength, was crying hysterically. My own voice cracked, as I asked “What’s happening? Is everybody in our family okay? What do you need?”"
"Since so many people close to me read this blog I will have to tread lightly by what I say about this. I'm not about to bring something out in the open about someone I know on my blog. But since it has everything to do with me I think its OK to, at least partially, talk about what's bothering me."
"2) Arrogance & Oddity There was certainly a feeling amongst some fans that rising through the non-league pyramid was an absolute inconvenience as they approached that which they were righteously owed. And sometimes this arrogance grated on non-league fans. But others, both Dons & (blown away) rivals, embraced the oddity of it all, particularly in the first few years where thousands would invade afterthoughts of pitches more used to the proverbial two men and a dog."
"After the AGM is over, a free lunch was provided, including a vegetarian option (for all those vegetarian arms dealers)."
"I wrote this poem while on the phone. My refrigerator is adorned with magnetic poetry, and in minutes, I can write a brand new poem just by glancing over the words. At times that poor fridge has been covered with poems, the most being six. It has provided a space to write as I’ve been going through my rough break up, as I rediscover myself and start over on my own. Usually fridges are for food and drinks, but for me it supplies another need: my need to create poetry. It is because of those fulfilled needs that I thank it everyday. It may not be a human; it may not be able to produce hugs or kisses or even be a best friend, but it gives me the ability to create the one main thing that keeps me going: words, in between which I can provide my own words, add in some thought and create another beautiful masterpiece. What a magificent blessing!"
"Here’s where things get really ugly. TPMDC’s Brian Beutler calls “the” $2.5-trillion cost estimate a “doozy” of a “hysterical Republican whopper.” Not only is he incorrect, he doesn’t seem to realize that Gregg and I are correcting for different budget gimmicks; it’s just a coincidence that we happened to reach the same number."
"When seen in this way, the right to confrontation can be said to be the principal means by which the accused’s participation in the trial process is mobilised. The accused’s dignity is preserved because her role, on this account, is equalised with that of the state. To quote from Duff again,"
"This is not for the faint hearted."
"Much of the art I've found most exciting during the last decade and more arguably falls into this \"relational\" category, as defined in the way I currently find most interesting. I'm thinking of, e.g., Rotozaza's GuruGuru (discussion here), Cao Fei's RMB City (see also here), Meiro Koizumi's Art of Awakening and Human Opera XXX (here), eteam's Second Life Dumpster (see also here), Graffiti Research Lab (see also here) and at least some of Good/Bad Art Collective's projects (see here; and other highly-respected artists associated with this trend and whose work I admire or find interesting include Marina Abramovic, Liam Gillick, Pierre Huyghe, and Phillippe Parreno, to name a few)."
"In the same way, when you are “planted” in the Word of God, your spirit is fed and you grow strong just like the tree by the water. You’ll bring forth fruit at the proper season. In other words, you’ll be in the right place and the right time. You’ll be productive and fruitful. And notice the end of today’s verse. It says that whatever you do will prosper! Do you want to prosper in your relationships? Seek God’s Word regarding relationships. Do you want to prosper in your health? Seek God’s Word about healing. Do you want to prosper in your finances? Seek God’s Word regarding finances. Make sure your heart and mind are planted in the Word of God. Let Him illuminate your heart with truth. Let Him wash over you with His promises. Seek Him, trust Him and obey Him, and everything you do will prosper!"
"Anyway, the Senat. It's the upper chamber of the French legislature. There are... 340? members. (Their website tells me 343 - I think I was close enough.) And they have the job of scrutinising legislation passed by the lower house, the Assemblee Nationale, and amending it if they think it necessary. Any amendments have to be agreed by the Assemblee Nationale, and, when both houses are in agreement, it goes to the President to sign. (He can't actually refuse, though he technically has the power to do so, I think. What he can do if he hates it is sign it into law, but not implement it - not set an activation date, if you will.)"
"Most of the flowers on the trees were shredded by the wind yesterday, it makes the ground look pretty underneath the trees with all the flower petals covering the ground, but they would have looked even better on the trees."
"The reason for the snide title, however, is because of the ludicrous classification of Otto's new venture, Keewaydin Cider. It's available in 22 oz. bombers for just over $6, and you can get a taste of it - it's good. However, after dinner as I was about to settle up, I learned that those handy 22 oz. bottles can only be consumed in the restaurant! Why? Because the PLCB considers their cider to be a wine, and therefore Otto's lacks the correct license to sell it for take-out. So Woodchuck and Bulmers and tons of other ciders are fine to buy in sixpack stores - but somehow PA-made Otto's Keewaydin cider is a wine."
"Make sure you visit the other girls' blogs to see what they dressed up as!"
"So where did I decide to set my Pendragon Legacy series? Well... if you haven't guessed yet, you’ll have to read the first book to find out!"
"Fortunately, I've been feeling more movement again which is helping me"
"We can experience the redemption of our souls even now. But what exactly will the redemption of our body mean—that redemption which was made possible through Christ’s Resurrection? We can find no better description of this than in the words of St. Symeon, who undoubtedly beheld something of this future age in prophetic Divine vision. St. Symeon writes:"
"And began kicking and screaming"
"Flicking through profiles, I was thinking.. Why are a lot of women fixated on the idea of being with a ‘bad boy’? I’ve seen a large number of profiles where the women LOOOVE ‘bad boys’!! Why is this?"
"June 19: Winnipeg – Winnipeg Jazz Fest"
"Do you even wonder what your pet is thinking when"
"Are you truly living your life? What do you think?"
"* We ask design team members to vote on submitted layouts for each challenge"
"How did India begin is bonhomie with these rich sports? A lot of it has to do with British. How is it that India took Cricket so seriously and left out Rugby and Soccer? One word answer to that question would be ‘Fitness’!!! One look at the list and we can see that apart from Tennis and to some extend F1, none of the above sports demand astute physical fitness. Apart from Tennis, the other sports are played in a handful of countries. In other words, India has done well where there is less competition and requires less physical fitness. India is nowhere near the world’s most popular sports – Soccer, Athletics, Aquatics, Hockey, Basketball, Rugby, Volleyball, etc. Cricket is the only popular sport where we win matches regularly. It is followed and played by a lot of people but very few countries actively play the game."
"And there we have it: Alper's theory of fictional reality. You saw it first here."
"On the picture a section of the snake, not because I don't want to show it all, but as this part is so beautifull."
"They totally gave us pizza."
"Structure does not, by definition or intent, mean rigid. Structure does not mean unbending. Structure does not mean coercive, or manipulative. Structure does not imply the restriction of choice. No, structure, at its most direct, simply means a framework within which we live our lives and make our moment-to-moment and day-to-day decisions."
"I am giving them up as the RAK"
"Payment options: Do you only accept Paypal, or do you also accept EFT and Credit Cards? People need to know when planning to make a purchase from you."
"Amber Kingsnorth and Kyla Bidgood of Victoria's own Inoui Design collective are fun, fresh, vivacious and talented designers. Inoui took the Victoria design scene by storm when they opened their doors earlier this year to residential, hospitality and commercial clients alike."
"I needed help. I needed help really bad. I was crazy... slap crazy, damned near entirely mad. I couldn't stand to go out in public, I couldn't stand to look into anyone's eyes, it pierced my soul, revealed more than I could stand to share, to do so... and though I hated the light, the darkness frightened me even more. I curled up in bed at night, fetal style, as the darkness filled the room, just waiting for the dawn. I'd never really been afraid before. Now I was. That's a bad place, that's called not living... that's stuck. Stuck in some indefinable hellish place."
"but please please powers of the universe hold the flooding this year!"
"You must be wondering how much I travel. Dear me, I am wondering the same thing myself. And I am pinching myself too. To see if I am dreaming or this is really happening. One month I go to Paris, next to Venice. Am I in some wistful travel dream?"
"The organization created a proprietary online system to allow individuals and businesses in nearby cities to order fresh produce from growers local to Rutherfordton. In many cases, the growers pick the food the same day the buyers receive it."
"No Sight is as Beautiful.."
"Most of the info is applicable to Photoshop CS and Elements."
"Or is he simply lying low?"
"Unfortunately, despite all of the great things about the novel, there are also a lot of bad things. After the half-way mark in the novel, the entire thing goes downhill. The plot is rushed, actions taken by certain characters are abrupt and unjustified, and anything negative in the first half is magnified."
"And yes, while the Nets also introduced some warm-n-fuzzy Community Week events, more important was the worldwide publicity, accentuated by NBA Deputy Commissioner Adam Silver."
"Lift and drink up!"
"One night (after I had pushed training to the back burner) the Mr. asked C.A.P if he wanted to take his bath, he of course said yes, but then the Mr. said \"Well, to do so you have to use the big boy potty\". C.A.P said \"Okay\" without hesitation and that was that."
"4. Don’t be afraid to trust your instincts and stand by your convictions. This is a sticky one and a thankless one. This one has earned me more nasty nicknames than I care to admit - Mrs. Right; Mrs. Never Wrong; Mrs. Always Right, etc. I get this thrown in my face more times than I also care to admit. But my husband knows that if I am being particularly stubborn, it perhaps rates a second, third, and maybe a fourth look. Your opinion does count – you do have a voice and you are important. There is another side to this also – knowing when to admit defeat – with grace. A little self-deprecation doesn’t hurt either."
"Every homeschooler, no matter style or philosophy, will be on the receiving end of this question more than one time. It is a question that can be asked out of genuine interest. It's also a question that can be asked with a tinge of disgust, in which case it becomes the most annoying question in the world. In this instance, I try to smile and be pleasant, give a short and succinct answer, and move about my business. It never helps to be sarcastic (though I have been at times) and it's typically better to be brief (the exception being with a new or potential homeschool parent)."
"The book’s premise is actually a bit more stunning than the book itself. Wes Moore, the author, is about to become a Rhodes scholar when he learns of another man named Wes Moore, who is about to be sentenced to life in prison for killing a police officer. At the time, the two Moores live near one another and are about the same age. The author wonders what happened in their lives that sent them on such a dramatically different path."
"The holidays. I have to look at my calendar to remember. Family came together for the celebration in my hometown. My granny surprised me with a visit from West Virginia, my father surprised me as well and I got to spend some time with my grandmother in her majestic home not knowing it would be the last time I’d see her."
"As the last few paintings have taken me a long time to finish, I decided to do a less detailed piece this time."
"People would say-- Oh you will worry to much, be over protective, buy silly things that you will never use... You will learn alot by the time your second child comes along.... Now here they come. and I feel like a new Mom again. Not in all the same ways but in a lot of new different ways that I never even thought of before. Thinking about the ways to prevent this child from dieing. Thinking of ways to help them remember their sister. Worrying if ill remember how to do things. I forgot what foods you could and couldn't eat. I forgot different things that happen when your pregnant. I forgot the age you start feeding your child solid foods. I'm getting my baby books out and honestly feel I have never read them before. I am not only feeling like a first time mom, but at the same time I'm feeling like a old mom who is starting over after years of no babies. I have seen it begin and end. I have been there every step in between. I am scared of what will happen. I am scared of who I will be. As I have been thinking of that 21 year old becoming a first time mom I have been quickly reminded of that 22 year old that made the choice to end her daughters life. Fearing if that person was good enough. She didn't know anything. But there she was. and she lived through it. I lived through it. I have been praying that Makenzie forgives me for all the times I didn't do enough. For all the times I should have been a louder voice for her. Those moments that are forever engraved in my head. The hardest of hard. The darkest of dark. The moments where I prayed harder than I have or ever could pray. Pleading with God to help my child. Some of those moments I believe I did everything I could. Others, I wish I would have done more."
"but even worse than getting my head wet (which i certainly did), i was wearing my cowboy boots, which have literally no tread on them. in fact, i can pretty much guarantee that if there’s a teeny bit of water on the ground, or god forbid, ice, i will slip and i will fall."
"In my country I try to promote burlesque dancing and vintage lifestyle. I dance in the first polish burlesque group Betty Q and Crew."
"Was it the case that DCS Williams found no evidence of a conspiracy at the NotW simply because no effort as made to look for one?"
"p.s. also, yes as you can see my user account on my laptop is Baybee. I sit with my laptop on a computer desk in the corner. Oh yes, somebody put baby in the corner!"
"Saturday–On Saturday, I go to the farmer’s market (sometimes I do this on Friday, but whatever). Since I know pretty much in advance what will be available to me, I pick up what I need as well as any orders I have placed for meat, fish, etc. While I’m at the market, I make a list (!) of new items that are available or anything interesting that I might consider for next week. Then I go to Trader Joes and get whatever else I need."
"Aquaman #8"
"Change is as simple as"
"Life as we know it, won't always be this way."
"“That’s because he’s a detective, Giovanni,” explained George. “He can’t help following people. It’s part of his nature, like a…um…”"
"We must be home in time for tea."
"O thought that L needed a little assistance."
"Allen issued his apology two days after his original comments with this statement :"
"Over the long weekend in Mali (Easter Monday was a day off for schools and offices here), the country’s process of transition from military to civilian constitutional power was officially launched. President Amadou Toumani Touré appeared on state television on Sunday night, for the first time since before the coup, to announce his resignation. National Assembly speaker Dioncounda Traoré has been meeting with various members of the classe politique in Bamako as well as with the CNRDRE junta, and Mali’s supreme court has convened to pave the way for Traoré’s official designation as the country’s new head of state. This process has been hailed internationally, including by the United Nations, and members of the global media have confidently reported that the coup leaders are stepping down."
"I hope you have enjoyed this and maybe find the time to"
"“These persistent temptations come from the malice of the devil,” says St. Francis de Sales, “but the trouble and suffering they cause us come from the mercy of God. Thus, despite the will of the tempter, God converts his evil machinations into a distress which we may make meritorious. Therefore I say your temptations are from the devil and hell, but your anxiety and affliction are from God and heaven.” Padre Quadrupani suggests the following strategy: “Despise temptation, then, and open wide your soul to this suffering which God sends in order to purify you here that He may reward you hereafter.”"
"Your neighbours bake cakes for you."
"Cricket podcast is the action indoor cricket through which they can always remain connected to their favorite game. Fans have started attaching their emotions with the play indoor cricket and results of the indoor cricket nets is completely free to express all that he has not played well. The game of cricket. It would require a whole book to document all their interests, which are sometimes pretty immoral and unpalatable to talk about facts from the stumps indoor cricket a match goes on. In fact it is completely free to express his most coveted feelings. The invention of cricket board. Now current president is Shard Pawar."
"Well, there you go."
"Hi/Hello/How are you/Good Morning/Bye Bye/Stop/Go/Come back/Come on/Nigh Night"
"I struggle because I want things to define me. I want to be complimented - I want to be noticed - I want to be accomplished."
"I have watched Gerry Ford be little more than target practice for kooks and fall down stairs."
"George Stephanopoulos"
"I must say they're really generous with their ice cream!! Look at the huge scoops of ice cream!"
"Smile, be brave and know that you have given God a precious gift. You have given Him the gift of your youth and beauty. The amazing thing about God is that He will not be outdone in generosity. He'll take that gift you've given Him and transform it into the most amazing gift you've ever known. In the blink of an eye you're going to see your children grow up and become beautiful and handsome, strong and full of youthful vigor. Some of them might even get married and someday have children of their own. Your gift of youth and beauty will be multiplied many times over as each generation repeats the giving."
"to understand"
"According to Country Life, October 2002, \"Alnwick is the most picturesque market town in Northumberland, and the best place to live in Britain\"."
"I've used this gorgeous fairy image by Mo's Digital Pencil. She's coloured with Prisma Pencils and the papers are from the Me to You paper stack. The leaf branch is a sizzix die and the flower leaves are made with an MS punch. Sentiment is from Craftwork cards, and the lace, gems, flowers, doily and brad are from stash. And of course lots of stickles to finish off!"
"I didn't get the clearance fabric I ordered! The rest of the order came 2 days later. I WON'T be ordering from this store again. They definitely lost a customer!"
"Long before Jack left his South Carolina hometown to attend college and eventually move to New York afterward to become an investment banker he remembered his grandmother talking about something called a conniption fit. According to her, it was the worst of behaviors usually reserved for hopelessly spoiled children who desperately needed a good, old-fashioned spanking with a belt until they could not sit down anymore. As a child Jack had never actually seen the nearly mystical seizure put on by anyone but the woman he believed to be his new wife was surely showing him one now."
"Around 5:30 pm, one of the Occupiers climbed on the roof and began throwing heavy metal pipes, bricks and other objects down on the police and crowd gathered outside the building. While several bricks were aimed at the officers on Turk Street, only one of the demonstrators was hurt when he was hit in the face by a brick. The man on the roof, Jesse Nesbit, 34, was arrested after he left the building and charged with felony assault."
"Above all, a creepy feel is well-maintained throughout most of the movie."
"sure, i had shown him outside and the snow through the window before."
"I am not an advocate of banning cigarettes and alcohol. I just don’t understand why we single them out for being legal, when marijuana, cocaine, and heroin could have more legitimate medical uses. Marijuana apparently is good for both easing the pain of some cancers and AIDS, and for treating glaucoma. I can speak from firsthand experience that cocaine is an excellent coagulant and can be used in times when there is a hemorrhage. And Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain once said that heroin was the only thing he could find that would ease the pain of his congenital stomach problems. I believe him."
"Autoeczematization (or autosensitization) is a reaction pattern in which eczematous disease elsewhere on the skin induces “metastatic” eczematous lesions at some distant spot. The hands, particularly the palms and fingers, are frequently involved in this reaction. A vesicular component that resembles dyshidrosis is often expose. A diagnosis of autoeczematization is likely: (1 ) if vesiculation is explosive in onset, (2) if there is minimal grouping of the vesicles, and most importantly, (3) when marked eczematous disease is found on the feet or elsewhere on the body."
"After holiday indulgences, I was ready for some healthy soup. Something hot and filling. I must mention here that our downstairs heater decided not to work on this day so cooking was a good way to stay warm. We do have a wood burning fireplace and thank goodness we had some wood. The downstairs was hovering in the 50 degree range for which I am thankful. It was not the same temperature as outside. It was cold and it was snowing which by default makes one colder and it was the day after Christmas and we were getting snowed in and I had already cooked enough. Seriously."
"Yeah yeah yeah I know, I should speak to someone about that / sort my shit out / unfuck myself over but that is a helluva lot harder than just buying the wood to make a bridge."
"Maybe I’m just damaged. Maybe I’m not supposed to see this way. Maybe the reason I don’t fit in is because there is something wrong with me. I’ll never know whether that part is the truth or not. Frankly, I could care less."
"Lakewood Montessori Middle School has gone digital. If you have access to the Internet, you have access to over 200 ebooks from our collection."
"2031.E-XI/18/1973. On Athens and Watergate. St. Louis Post-Dispatch, November 18, 1973, p. 2-C; Chicago Sun-Times, November 20, 1973, p. 35; Chicago Daily News, November 20, 1973, p. 8; University of Chicago Maroon, November 20, 1973, p. 2; Hellenic Chronicle, Boston, Massachusetts, December 13, 1973, p. 21."
"To show their usefulness, at least in the case of S.U.C.C.E.S.S., the article provides the example of a Japanese immigrant who was unable to find work in Vancouver so S.U.C.C.E.S.S. helped her open a flower shop. But if she was unable to find work then why is she in Canada if there are no jobs for her here? How is her opening a flower shop beneficial to Canadians? How many jobs does that create and how many are well paying? How does it improve our standard of living? It contributes to economic activity but so does a crime wave. In any case economic activity does not equate quality of life."
"The 7 laps the horses had to run represented the days of the week."
"It was a great day. I’m so proud to call this smart, beautiful, little “big” girl my daughter."
"What stands out in my mind throughout the difficult process is how the Principal was not only professional but personable as well. She advocated for Fred and focused on what he needed to help him succeed. She followed his progress and honored his individuality. She inspired me to be a teacher, and taught me that as a teacher I have a tremendous responsibility to see my students as unique individuals and to advocate for their specific needs. I hope when I am faced with situations such as Fred’s, I will be slow to judge, quick to support, and patient be with frustrated and hurt parents. I want to be sure that as I listen to their words, I truly hear what both the students and the parents are saying. I want to be the true advocate for those students and parents that others were for me and my son."
"What happens next?"
"The lady who sits about 12 feet to my left, facing in my direction, has worked with me for about 11 years. I can’t remember the last time we spoke to each other."
"With big hugs to all,"
"So much for foreign protection of civilians in Israel."
"If you were to have children, would you choose to unschool them?"
"But when you write a kids’ book with an Asian hero, you’ll have a bookseller come up to you and say ‘I can’t see anyone in my area buying you book because we’ve not got any Indians living around us.’"
"Those of you who have been part of our community here for a few months will remember that this Cathedral is a new building. Our original building was something of an icon, having pushed the boundaries of building techniques in its time and won an award for SL architecture. Monty Merlin did a truly superb job in creating it. Though it was becoming a little dated in looks, the Cathedral still drew many to visit it, Christians and non-Christians. It was therefore with some trepidation that the attempt was made to create a new design. For many months Cady laboured and others commented, both the Leadership Team and as many of the community as were prepared to take a look. We even had a RL architect look it over!"
"To argue that the Creation story privileges a heterosexual view of the relations between humankind is to make one of the weakest arguments possible: the argument from silence. An argument from silence is no argument at all. The Creation story is indeed about Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve, as critics of homosexuality like to admonish. But though heterosexuality may be the dominant form of sexuality, it does not follow that it is the only form of appropriate sexuality."
"And a few other personal friends are also getting invisalign there! :D"
"olives (we used beautiful purple Alphonso olives from Chile)"
"-Those pieces were more likely to have our beautiful china pattern on them"
"When the custard and tart crust have cooled, spoon the cream into the crust and spread evenly with a spatula. Arrange slices of strawberries, kiwi, apricots, and whole berries on top of the cream in circles, starting along the outer edge. When assembling is complete, brush the fruit gently with melted fruit jelly. (Place 1/4 cup in the microwave in a small glass bowl, then brush on with a pastry brush. If all you’ve got is jam, melt it and strain it.)"
"But this week, thanks to this lady, I have found my self back in the kitchen, cooking new, inspiring and delicious recipes, that not only I have loved but my little ones have too."
"A Scouser is an individual from Liverpool. Scousers are notoriously maligned and stereotyped by everyone else in the UK. This is because they are jealous. Our immigrant population ensures that there is an excellent gene-pool, thus avoiding the horrific inbreeding seen in the majority of incest-rife no-mark cities of the UK. Scousers hate the English – because we are not English we are Scouse. As a scouser I can trace my lineage back to the Kings of Ireland. Mancs (for example) can only trace their lineage back 20 years to when their dads arse-raped a sheep, hence the wool on their greasy backs."
"When Janie first asked me if I wanted to write a contribution to this topic it left me rather stumped."
"I’ve dabbled in the online dating previously, but never really got “into it”. No, I’m not in fake love with anyone…but I’m in love with the process this go around. Many people have suggested I try it…you know EVERYONE has a story, a girl I work with; well her cousin met a guy online and they married in 3 months and they are SO in love. You ALL have a story."
"10/03 – Eureka, CA – Red Fox Tavern"
"The first group of turnips are finally starting to bulb out as well! Soon I will be pulling that row, making more room for the broccoli to grow and for the second group of turnips to get bigger. I'm also getting ready to plant round four of radishes. They are growing better than I could have wished for, and they are a very tasty treat in my daily salads. I can't wait until I get to add the tomatoes and cucumbers!"
"Conservatives have a clear either/or choice. Either they support life in a democracy with equal opportunity and adequate pay, or they must admit to the fact that the course they are on leads inevitably to plutocracy, inequality, non-democracy, and inescapable poverty for a large part of the population. If they want to claim that all persons must be responsible for themselves, they must support the rights of all persons to a Living Wage sufficient to pay for health care and savings for old age. It’s a clear choice. You can’t vote for unequal pay and then say you are for democracy."
"Disc Four: Ieodo"
"At best I probably could have also finished Elixir and gotten through Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, if I hadn't lost that day."
"Our apologies for not updating for a while..."
"Anyways a little bit of time went by and we were driving through Carson City and saw the RV dealers, so we decided to go check out some RV's. The kids had a blast going through each one. Jazmin said, I actually think I could do this. So we just day dreamed and talked and day dreamed some more about what it would be like to travel in an RV. We went to the RV dealerships a couple of times to get a feel and day dream."
"And a real warrior does all of this because a real warrior knows it’s not about who’s right but what’s right."
"The last long run I did prior to Nashville was 4 weeks ago. Between vacation, work, and getting sick, running was not a priority. You cannot expect to race strong if you are not training enough. Simple, right? The previous PRs and strength that I had felt during recent long runs lulled me into a false sense of security. I thought I could rely on latent fitness to muscle through. In some cases, I did – I did actually finish this thing. I just finished it in one of my worst times ever."
"When somebody thinks you're wonderful,"
"The alarm clock wakes up the performer (Sybke Huismans), the mail has arrived, he picks it up and finds his swimming lessons among the envelops so he begins to train right a way."
"for the love of vintage flatware. for the love of linen. what can i give"
"The next part of the account on Kamtza and Bar Kamtza we are going to deal with, is from the Talmud Bavli, namely in Gitin 55b-56a."
"I paused at a sand castle that had been constructed with several five-gallon buckets. Towels and chairs had been abandoned for the moment. Water filled the moat, and I heard laughter from a bungalow perched like a lighthouse above. A couple in love."
"Client: “The last vehicle I bought, I ended up owing aLOT more than the vehicle was worth when I went to trade it in.”"
"McMaster does tell us that the secret of brewing black cork died with its last brewer, Robert Keir, in 1837. I wonder how secret a beer recipe can really be, but it seems to have been accepted that the secret, whatever it was, was lost. It seems strange that a beer evidently well-known over a period of sixty years should just disappear, but there you go."
"Rogue Santa's Private Reserve"
"Malaysia - 2:30 a.m. 18th Mar- 2:30 a.m. 19th Mar"
"To the first 400 fans that purchase a ticket and enter the doors that night will receive a FREE MWR/3XW Mark Sterling vs. Jeremy Wyatt IRON MAN 2 match card. This card will be the first ever match card in the set and will be number 72."
"22. The Chatham Singers - An Image Of You"
"An important thing to remember however, is that the relationship (although initially strong – with Zynga being the first gaming company to make a serious play on Facebook’s users) is weakening. Other games companies have entered the space, and have the opportunity to have the same relationship (same value chain, same commission on user spend) with Facebook. The percentage of Facebook revenue attributed to Zynga games has fallen to 11%, as customers move away from ageing hits like Farmville and Mafia Wars to newly developed games released by EA and other smaller houses (Peak Games, Geewa). Monetisation of Zynga titles (ARPU) has also fallen. Facebook doesn’t care what its users are spending money on, or what they are playing. If Facebook users want to play EA titles, or Kixeye titles, or whatever titles are released, they will as happily take the 30% from other houses as they took it from Zynga."
"Take your bath towel and fold it in half, matching the shorter edges. Iron on the fold to make a crease. Open the towel and measure 4\" on each side of the crease. Mark with a pin or marking pen."
"It's really easy and could be done with any fabric and beads. So easy, in fact, I wrote a tutorial for you."
"But to best remember Mick Ronson, I want you to play ‘Moonage Daydream’ from Ziggy Stardust right now."
"Which I found rather ironic, because I think I might have eaten so many of these addictive little morsels that I no longer fit into my real jeans."
"When Emlyn Chand, author and publicist, introduced her year-long challenge for folks to re-visit the books they loved in childhood that made them love reading, http://emlynchand.com , I thought back not only to my own favorite books as a child, but to my children’s favorite books as well."
"I really like Thorne's approach to trying out a new recipe or ingredient. Once something strikes his fancy, he's on an adventure to study it and make it his own. He reads about it extensively, cooks up many variations and then presents the reader with his findings. Whether it's hunting for the perfect meatball, simple pasta dishes, black beans and rice, pea soup or the best thing to do with a bounty of summer raspberries, there's lots of research and development in the Thorne kitchen and library and plenty of references offered up for further exploration."
"03.Babylon Ba-bye 04:14"
"It's Guerlain, okay?!"
"\"I would like to appeal to the government to give our people jobs and job opportunities in the same concept of black economic empowerment,\" Kok said."
"Starring: James Mason,"
"Band assisted pull ups"
"Debra and the entire Tres Fabu team;"
"2. I’ve been on a diet for two weeks and all I’ve lost is two weeks."
"Unit Types : Studio, 1 BR, 2 BR, 2 BR+, 3 BR"
"For now, I wanna tell you about ARCO pendant."
"Something the NO APOLOGIES podcast said about kids raised on their mp3 downloads and American Idol, realizing when they go to a real concert, that till then… they had never actually heard music before."
"Here’s the Scripture she used:"
"It is not the person I imagine myself to be."
"“The report demonstrated how poor English stroke services were and what poor value they were,” says Damian Jenkinson, Interim National Clinical Director for Stroke, Department of Health. “We were spending £7 billion per year ineffectively, and that’s what made the Government really listen and commit to making a difference.”"
"* The claim that the wax facilitated through-plating and soldering operations through the protective coating operated as a performance requirement of the claim. Mann J was right that \"facilitating\" required practical benefits and that, so far as the question of infringement was concerned, Siemens was entitled to rely on any means by which the wax in Thorn's product made through-plating and soldering through the coating easier in a practical sense."
"At a town hall meeting in Polk County, Wisconsin earlier this year, Rep. Sean Duffy (R-WI) was asked whether he’d vote to cut his $174,000 annual salary."
"You silly, silly Bird,"
"Ta da! All done. Hudson is really interested in this one, so I think it was introduced at the right time. I like that it was free (using materials I already had on hand), non-plastic, and not over-stimuating. And if I should ever disassemble it, I can reuse the ribbon again and, of course, use the hoop for a different project."
"I have said on many occasions that I am not a programmer, so in one sense I’m not exactly the target audience for this book. However, I know just enough about coding to be able to appreciate when a book lays out examples in a clear, easy-to-understand manner, with enough comments for you to “get” what the author is trying to explain to you. Personally, if I could just get over my hurdle of not fully grasping XML (which is actually strange, because I have no problem understanding basic HTML, which is very similar), I think that this book would be a lot more useful to me in understanding how to do things in FreeSWITCH. I sort of “get” Asterisk dialplans a little bit, but for some odd reason XML is not nearly as understandable to me. I guess everyone’s mind works a little differently. If you work with FreeSWITCH and you don’t share my mental block with regard to XML, you are really going to like this book. In terms of layout and readability, I think it’s one of the best titles I’ve seen from Packt."
"Final Fantasy: Crystal Chronicles was one of those GameCube games which several people never really got to experience properly. I was certainly one of those people because I could never find three friends with GBAs and GameCube-GBA cables to play it with. Setting off into the thick miasma clouds to seek out small droplets of myrrh in your town’s caravan was just fine on your own, but the real adventure of Crystal Chronicles lay in its multiplayer. The same could be said for the rest of the series as well, but it’s arguable that none of its successors have really lived up to the charm or ingenuity of the original Crystal Chronicles. So as we continue GameXplain’s look into what the Wii U might bring to age old franchises, let’s see how it might give Crystal Chronicles the second wind it’s been searching for ever since it was first released eight years ago."
"Throughout the summer and into the fall we continued to clear paths and revive the garden. On October 30th we came to work and from every north window of the house and every vantage point of the back yard one maple dominated the scene."
"What vocabulary words would you like to add?"
"”We need an anomaly,” she said. ”That´ll be our sign.” Sometimes R thought her just as insane as The Cardinal, she too was working after some master plan visible only to herself."
"To the heavens around us"
"Row 15- (sc in 1, 2sc in next) (42)"
"In my arms so tight"
"MJ: You have toured with the likes of Dizzee Rascal and The Prodigy, how does it feel to be alongside such big acts?"
"I wanted a really magical card for today, to celebrate Beltane, when the veil between worlds is thin and the Fey are travelling abroad."
"Looking at how I have finished up 2 tubs of the same product, I believe you would already know how much I love this range of moisturizer. The hydro gel cream is said to be even more moisturizing than the hydro gel. It is also slightly more expensive. However, in my honest opinion, I think both are the same and give out the same results. In fact, I prefer the hydro gel better as the packaging is much more user friendly compared to the hydro gel cream."
"The May 8 meeting will focus on preparations for the 2013 Confederations Cup and the 2014 World Cup in Brazil as well as scheduled events over the next two years, Rebelo’s ministry said in a statement."
"And on top of all that, I was only at this address yesterday."
"“According to the BMA, ‘The right to the highest attainable standard of physical & mental health is a fundamental human right, protected by International Law.’ Are UK citizens to believe we obtain the highest standard of health for patients with ME, classified by the WHO since 1969 as a Neurological Illness, by abandoning them to the mercy of biased Psychiatrists who psychologise ME & declare without evidence or justification that ME Sufferers are ‘Malingerers’ & ‘The Undeserving Sick of our society’. Are these Doctors exempt from the first tenet of medicine, ‘First Do No Harm’? What of our Government, apparently theirs is ‘The obligation to protect’ as such there is ‘a duty of the state to prevent violations of the right to health by others.’ Why is the UK Government failing in its duty to protect ME Patients health from these violations? In fact they are complicit by allowing the unconscionable denigration of such Doctors to perpetrate serious iatrogenic harm on patients! In light of the BMA’s ‘Right To Health’, why do the Medical Establishment & the Government continue to ignore the thousands of International Research papers demonstrating that ME is a serious biomedical illness, recently linked to a Retrovirus? Why is the UK Government letting biased rhetoric & vested interests control Public Health Policy, MRC research funding & the media via the Science Media Centre,in the process discriminating against the neurologically ill? In doing so the Government is neglecting its legal obligation & its moral duty, flouting both in favour of the flawed ideology of Doctors to whom the best advice one can give is ‘Physician, heal thyself! The UK is fast becoming an International laughing stock over this situation, it is a Human Rights Travesty & our country deserves better!” Geraldine Hannaway, Glasgow; sick for 28 years"
"LAVELA SL, LEGRO MW, WEAVER FM, SMITH B. Staff influenza vaccination: lessons learned. SCI Nurs 2004; 21: 153-157."
"I believe that each day we have the opportunity to make changes within ourselves. Not only before marriage, but after. When I am sad, I know that I have friends who share my sadness, but also want me to feel happy. They are there for me and I appreciate all of them. When I change who I am, I try to be better."
"Okay. Back to me now. These sellers I'm gonna review are reliable sellers."
"Oddly enough, though my book launch party was successful and broke my previous “view” record, the new record was broken the very next day because someone “stumbleupon”ed one of my older articles. The power of the internet. Need to get me some of that."
"So I was challenged to spend some Team Bucks (it’s like Canadian Tire money only it just to purchase TeamBuys through the TeamBuy.ca website) on some of the promotions on their website."
"This is an adaptation of those potatoes, but, trust me - some of you know me well enough by now - these are the best pureed - not mashed - potatoes you will ever eat."
"past all the suns"
"Disc 2A (October 2nd 1995) Yoyogi Olympic Pool, Tokyo, Japan"
"But this study is more positive than negative, girls, you can finally stop waking up at half six in the morning to freshly apply your make up, so he doesn’t run out screaming and guys, countless hours at the gym every day is no longer necessary as your woman thinks you have a better body than Ryan Reynolds."
"Finally, bearing in mind that you clearly, either did not conduct the necessary due diligence about Clitoraid, or that you thought nobody would notice, wouldn’t it be easier to just back out of supporting them?"
"We had so much fun messaging backwards and forwards, and decided to leave the finished products as a big of a surprise."
"Wicked, our book club’s selection this month, was not a book I expected to enjoy. It is a retelling of the Oz story from the point of view of the Wicked Witch of the West, beginning with her birth and childhood and ending with her infamous death by water bucket. I am not a fan of the whole Oz story-verse generally, but I did enjoy Wicked, very much."
"And hit me so hard it makes me cry?"
"You will come to a place where the streets are not marked. Some windows are lighted. But mostly they’re darked. A place you could sprain both your elbow and chin! Do you dare to stay out? Do you dare to go in? How much can you lose? How much can you win?"
"Such biasness still impacts generations after Herge’s death in 1983, of which the most recent case was by a Congolese man who is currently bringing charges to Casterman, Tintin’s publisher, and Mounlinsart, the company who owns Tintin’s commercial rights. He is requesting for the removal of the book “Tintin in the Congo” from bookshelves citing racism towards Africans as the main reason."
"Hope yours is great, and filled with creative moments."
"I have never been in this position because yours truly never experience to have a bf or even go out on a date. but in my observation, All relationship is exciting when its new. You love everything about your partner, but as time passed by you start to find faults with each other. So the multitudes of problem may arise from there."
"I've been a long time fan of Maroon 5. Since then they have had such success and Adam has had his own success. Recently, the airwaves have a great song out influenced by the style of Mick Jagger's lose dancing. The song is such a feel good, good mood song. My daughter loves it and my son who is just 2 1/2 does the \"oooooos\" in the song. This song also features the fabulous voice of Christina Aguilera. The kids and I love singing to this song and dancing!"
"Here is the video I made to go with my Merry Monday card and Card-Spiration Challenge 11"
"In case you need further convincing, this is the only sound sample I could scrounge up on the web. In keeping with the confusing history of this recording, someone has delayed the fuck out of one of the tracks and slapped it over some unrelated video of Thai dancing, apparently trying to pass it off as something they taped on their last vacation? Who knows. I think the original recording does quite nicely without the sonic tinkering, but here it is, for preview purposes only:"
"It seems so obvious now. Refocus the angst inherent in the emo genre, turning it from heartbreak to, well, other things. \"Sic Transit Gloria... Glory Fades\" is a brooding, bass-heavy rock song lamenting the psychological tolls of sex. \"I Will Play My Game Beneath The Spin Light\" details the strain constant touring places on personal relationships. And because, let's face it, the scene's fans and even the bands themselves tend to be slightly narcissistic, \"Okay I Believe You, But My Tommy Gun Don't\" sarcastically smacks them down. Brand New still has a tendency to rely on loud power-chord driven screaming choruses that predictably jump from the verses, and a few songs don't come close to standing up to the others, most notably \"The Quiet Things That No One Ever Knows,\" and the song titles walk the fine line between wit and verbosity masquerading as wit, but that's not exactly a point against the record, is it?"
"theBalm’s Hot Mama was the first blush I ever purchased – and it’s the only blush I’ve used since then. I had read many reviews raving about NARS blush in Orgasm, as well as Benefit’s Coralista, which both seemed to be peachy coral blushes with gold sparkles or shimmer. I had been looking into theBalm as a brand, and found their products much more appealing in terms of price and amount of product – Hot Mama was the most economical choice and seemed a similar colour – peachy coral with tiny specks of sparkle. Not to mention the packaging is adorable and it comes with a mirror inside."
"We also went to the Tiskiwin Museum founded by Dutch anthropologist, Bert Flint, who collected North African art from the sahara, Morocco, Mali, and nearby surrounding areas. The museum exhibits basketry, jewelry, textiles, and woodcarvings – all very beautiful."
"Overall boring day I guess. I'm sure I'm forgetting stuff, but I'm too tired to think, nevermind write. So I'm off (possibly to bed) for now."
"Whose game? I think I'll have a sign up every 1st of the month, so you can do it every month or skip some months if you'd like to. (CHA months are tough, lol). No big commitments ;) Feel free to add the button I've posted on my sidebar for this. The more the merrier :)"
"Matthew uses this interesting wording:"
"Later, once I was already with wifesy for a while, Mom said, “Why don’t you just have sex with a guy, so you two can have a baby?”"
"When it comes to a busy homeschooling life Skwirk has certainly helped in ensuring we are covering a wide variety of topics within a small amount of time."
"My educational background is in business and I studied at Algonquin College and University of New Brunswick. I was also studying to be a CGA (Certified General Accountant) while working at a public practice accounting firm for 5 years. I left work back in 2007 to stay home with my kids and because I developed a chronic pain condition called vulvodynia that made it very difficult to work. I am taking some time off to get better and hope to eventually go back to school and start a new career. After dealing with my health for so long, I am thinking of doing something in the medical field like nursing."
"Match 2: R-Truth defeated Cody Rhodes"
"To keep my modding morale up, I need to do beautiful things in-between crappy LOD. That’s why I’ve also dedicated some of my energy today to detailing the terrain of The Frontier. There are some random beautiful pictures from The Frontier down below."
"Roger Bismuth, the president of the Tunisian Jewish community, has recently been campaigning against what he says is becoming almost a regular occurrence – of radical Islamist groups publicly calling for the killing of Jews. \"I will be attending the Hiloula this year, mainly because President Marzouki and many ministers in the Tunisian government are scheduled to attend,\" he told me. \"However, it is so difficult to organise a large event given the circumstances.\""
"here in Malta she has arrived with heavy winds, rain and very dark thundering skies."
"“This is no dream,” I said, getting back into the chair. “You asked me what I want and I’ll give you a straight answer. I’m here to help you. Think of me as your guardian angel.”"
"Do you like biker boots?"
"\"In fact, that cannot be evidence for God if he is a naturalist, or an atheist. Because according to him its not possible to have evidence for God. If he is in fact an atheist in terms of his views on reality, then all of these things must be reinterpreted so they are regimented, or will conform to, will comport with that man's naturalism, or atheism.\" ~Greg Bahnsen (bit.ly/stillevidence)"
"Now towing the ruins of Christianity"
"Based on International Best-Selling Novel and Loaded With More Than Four Hours of Behind-the-Scenes Footage and Commentary"
"In the moments leading up to dawn,"
"We were then treated to a long section of the dietitian holding up foods to demonstrate what a reasonable serving of carbohydrates were in different things from peas to rice to oranges. Luckily this wasn't suprising to me as I've measure my portions for years. I could tell it was new to the other moms in the class. I would guess they were going to have to change the way they ate more drastically than I was."
"Oh, I could go on and on with how we also get a great street-level villain in the gun-toting murderer Boddicker as essayed by Kurtwood Smith. He makes it look easy, as a man who finds himself in his element blasting holes in cops and overseeing huge explosions, not to mention flinging useless cohorts out of moving vehicles. Paul McCrane is also very good as Emil, a twisted little piece of work who more than meets his match and, just like Ferrer, leaves the film in grand fashion."
"Dear Alexi,"
"1-2 Garlic cloves, chopped or pressed"
"WonderCon 2012: LINCOLN Hunts Vampires, PROMETHEUS Teased - Writer Ryan Grahame-Smith talks about Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter and Sir Ridley Scott discusses Prometheus. Yeah, that panel was a good time."
"In the last 100 years the original Delhi has slipped back in time to give way to the so-called “world-class New Delhi” the power capital of India. Urbanization has made rapid strides but the old charm and allure of this beautiful City is lost forever."
"Hairco is a word-cross between hair and gecko."
"GET BACK TO ME WITH THE PAYMENT INFORMATION."
"Daily Designer Fact: coral toenail paint & white sandals, pink sparkly fingernail paint"
"“The kids want to win the title with all the city teams in the ten team district — that’s one of their goals they set,” said Martin head coach Armando Garcia. “They don’t know when this will happen again — when everyone’s in the same district — and they want this title.”"
"“Does that make me your special friend?”"
"Also, \"The Garden\" is a term with which I'm unfamiliar."
"We served the egg nests with bacon and a nice romaine salad…"
"I made this sleigh using a template I bought from Sandra's Scrapshop. She has some UH-MAZNG stuff there!! This won't be the last time I buy from her I'm sure!! It did however, almost end up in the garbage a few times. LOL!!"
"Nelly"
"Why not?"
"Ok. It was me."
"Floyd joins Justin Blackmon and Kendall Wright as the 3rd WR the Panthers have had visit, as they have now spent three of their 30 allotted visits on the receiver position. While that may seem like a drop in the bucket those thirty visits are spread across all prospects so investing a high portion of them in receivers who could be available at #9 is telling."
"I’m the kind of reader that really can only manage novels about the human race – I never could manage “Gormenghast”, or any fantasy of any kind – so the novelists I relish most are those of the nineteenth century – George Eliot, Thackeray, the real Trollope, the Brontes – who were so psychologically insightful, as well as all the modern ones who have the same fundamental empathy for their fellow men. And I’d cite all the ones I’d give to Jane Austen, plus Hilary Mantel, Georgina Harding, Ann Patchett, William Boyd, J.G.Farrell – I could go on and on…."
"Author-volunteers may give away (we don’t sell books) and sign their books while in the booth. It’s a super networking opportunity. That said, I do ask that author-volunteers to be willing to wear two hats and to promote SinC while in the booth."
"País: EE.UU."
"\"Emotions have a collective existence\" that is, how you feel is also dependent on \"not just your choices and actions, but also on the choices and actions of people...who are one, two and three degrees removed from you.\" (Pam Bellack, New York Times, Dec 4, 2008) That is, we tend to imitate what others are doing even at a cellular level (mirror neurons). If we are around negative people, we tend to become negative. If we are around people setting a good example, we tend to follow it. This leads to the point of \"No Kidding About Bullying\" by Naomi Drew, that children can be taught empathy, compassion, and the social skills needed to combat a bullying atmosphere."
"Godwin Forde, 39, New York, N.Y."
"Chris Petrella (REP) 1.94% 36"
"Anyway I am looking forward to 2012! The excitement of a presidential election year. The Republicans are all vying for the religious vote. Mitt Romney is actually somewhat sane but the Religicans don't like him because he is a Mormon! The rest of them are totally and completely ridiculous. I am just afraid one of the lunatics might actually get elected. Then what?"
"John Campion was always going to do well for himself. Everyone knew it."
"The research into whether hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, can trigger earthquakes is being conducted just as a pair of independent papers were released internationally this week suggesting they do."
"First, we looked for a replacement treadmill. Limited progress was made with the actual dealer we wanted to visit, despite claiming to have an outlet in Mid Valley on their website, actually not so much existing. So it may be some time before we sort that out."
"I'm finished with my musical excursions in Ontario for a while and in about six weeks I'll be leaving here. My next big adventure will probably be the George Street Festival in St John's this summer. Sean will be back with his band mates and Great Big Sea will perform. It's been ten years since I've seen them live, an entire decade and I've missed them. I'll be a resident then."
"So, my conclusion is something like this: Rousseau is not writing for liberal or emancipatory purposes, but for essentially authoritarian and conservative purposes – to hold together (class) society in spite of diverse and conflicting individual interests (and in spite of the contradictions, between democratic carrots and authoritarian sticks, that this involves). He is also not writing for an actively or enthusiastically capitalist sort of conservatism (one might suspect that this role belongs more to figures like Locke or Hobbes, but don’t quote me on that)."
"10. Blind"
"So we see that the Danish government was complicit in this shameful commercial capitulation. Denmark’s government, it seems, is not monolithic. The American analogy might be the State Department versus the Defense Department — one agency ready to surrender obsequiously to any demand, the other standing firm on behalf of American interests."
"“The dramatic actor Madana-mohana has opened a shop of scents that attract the women of the world to be His customers. He delivers the scents freely, but they make the women all so blind they cannot find the path returning home.”"
"If you take the time to listen to a CD, a band, a song, a genre and you absolutely hate it, fair enough. I have artists that I don’t particularly care for, too. I will say that when they have new singles, I give them a listen and then make my decision. But if you do hate every single piece of music other than your handful or two, that’s perfectly fine. But if you’re going to protest something so hard, at least take the time to know why."
"The divisive war-cry ‘untuk agama, bangsa dan negara’ often used by Umno and their support groups do not seem to perturb the moderate Malays."
"1/4 cup cocoa"
"Terrible picture, but this is how Hannah insisted on going to Dance Tuesday...all decked out with 3 necklaces, a bracelet, a ring and dangle earrings!! She was so proud as she walked into her class, like she was a beauty queen or something ;)"
"Yeah, not even your mom. You don't 'owe' your parents anything when it comes to having sex, even if they think you do. They may have created that body, but they aren't the ones who are inhabiting it, and they aren't the ones who are going to have to live with whatever choice you make for the rest of their lives. However well they know you, they don't know you any better than yourself. That means they can't make that decision for you. Sure, take into account what they think you should do. Have some respect if they say 'we don't mind you having sex, but please don't do it under our roof'. But they don't have the ability to decide when you're ready or not. Even if they think they do."
"Mysterious keys"
"Therefore last saturday was the perfect opportunity, when a dear friend of mine celebrated her birthday/farewell party, as she got a job in Miami (grrrrrrr…!) and had to move away from Amsterdam. And so I dove in the kitchen to make this monstrous chocolate cake. This recipe is surprisingly easy to follow, and has three stages. to make sure my cake was big enough for this occasion, I used 1,5 times the ingredients and used a 28 cm bakepan. and it was big alright! what do you expect with almost a kilo of sugar (or maybe a bit more) and a small mountain of butter… when you’re making it you think “I’m not gonna take a bite of this now that I know how much is actually in it)."
"Tokyo’s new, bigger tower…the Tokyo Sky Tree won’t be opened to the public until this May—so it’s not illuminated at night yet (except for the lighting necessary for air safety)."
"SO, “LOOSE” ISN’T A BAD THING WHEN IT LEADS TO BEING FREE FROM THE PRISON OF THE SELFISH CHOICES OF OUR PREVIOUSLY ROTTING AND STINKING LIVES!!!"
"And this summer, we’ll get to see just that when Captain America, Thor, Iron Man, The Incredible Hulk, Hawkeye and Black Widow form The Avengers on the big screen!"
"Some growers across Ontario have also lost entire orchards of peaches, sour cherries, pears, plums and nectarines, said Phil Tregunno, chairman of the Ontario Tender Fruit Producers Marketing Board."
"You throw the ingredients into your mixer the night before and after the dough is all kneaded and gooey, put it into a large buttered bowl and stick it in the refrigerator for the night. The next day, let that sit at room temperature for an hour. Divide in half, shape each half into a 6\" x 8\" rectangle and roll up. Place each one seam side up in two greased loaf pans."
"Celandine is in the poppy family. Along with the pretty flowers of bloodroot, which I would love to have in our yard. The sap contains red latex, which can cause skin and eye irritation. Of course, poppy is also where morphine was derived. In ancient times an herbal preparation was used as an analgesic and sedative. That’s a fun aside, but I would not try it myself."
"While we try to make more and more movies, all the more we are trapped into some sort of conventional formats of movie making. It’s like they’re all the same if you try to observe. That’s why seldom do I watch Filipino horror, it does not appear to be real. Why? Because the story is lacking. We get one point and then we just complicate. Like in the movie Dalaw (Kris Aquino) which disappointed me the most, the whole point of the movie is just about revenge of a mistress, not to mention the ineffective acting of Manang Olga, and the hilarious scream “Paolooooo!”. We lack the element of suspense, mystery, technicality, and evolving cinematography. There are only few horror movies that I appreciated. Some of them are Sigaw (The Echo), Ouija, Matakot ka sa Kulam, and just recently, The Road. What do they have in common? Story and good direction."
"She's slipping out of the backyard of my heart this morning...and skipping off down the street to her first day of school. And never again will she be completely mine."
"Folding Stool"
"Stillwater makes such delicious beers and everything I've tried from them has been excellent. I met the head brewer, Brian Strumke, a few years ago at a Stillwater event in Philly. He was extremely approachable and truly seemed to enjoy talking about beer and the brewing process. Stillwater Artisanal Ales is known as a gypsy brewery. While Strumke is based out of Maryland, he told me that he brews all over the place. Collaborating with other breweries and making frequent trips to Belgium seems like a pretty amazing life to me! Cheers to Brian and Stillwater for putting out another great brew."
"9 out of 10."
"Wobbly bits – well I have definitely become wobblier recently. I guess I am in my healthy weight range, but my tummy has always bothered me, particularly after having children. I have recently noticed that my bum is joining in though and that is not on!! I disagree with using weight as a measurement of getting slimmer so I really want to focus on how I look and feel. Saying that I did weigh myself this morning for the first time in months – and that was really because I know that most people associate with this, and would probably want to know how much I weigh at the start of my getting-toned journey. So my current weight is 9 stone and half a pound. I know that probably sounds small to lots of people, but I am only 4 foot 11 inches tall and every pound shows on my face and tummy (and now bum!!). So as I said I want to reduce wobbliness and at the same time gain energy and vitality. I have no goal weight or dress size – I just want to feel happy in a bikini in the summer and be able to jump around as much as my heart desires…oh and of course live as long as possible in a fit and strong body."
"Or about a newborn who had to fight for his life for weeks in the neonatal care, because some visiting relative had forced a pinch of sugar into his mouth which had some bacteria?"
"Speaking of doing things now and not waiting, I went mountain biking for the first time this month... what have I been waiting for?? This picture is me at the top of a big hill (at over 8000 ft above sea level no less)!"
"Last Friday my mom and I went shopping. Lets just say I scored in the shoe department. :) We went to a thrift store and I got some awesome looking shoes. They are so comfortable and they were $5 + 50% off = $2.50!!! The nude heels we found at JCPenny's. I had been looking for shoes like them for my brothers wedding in July. :) I got the sandals from Payless and they are amazingly comfortable. I think it was a very successful trip. :)"
"And I’m bitter. I wouldn’t be so bitter if his video wasn’t like professionally done. I mean like with an actual sound recorder and video editors and people who know what they’re doing. Also his speech sounded like it was written by the dean of chamberlain or something. It was pretty ridiculous. It felt like a video that a college recruiter would show parents and potential students on why they should come to chamberlain. I’m not bitter because I lost. I’m bitter because it was unfair. If they had chosen an actual student video taped on a cellphone or a digital camera I would have been ok. But this kid had to spend a couple hundred of dollars to have someone make his movie. It even sounded like he had someone write the script. It was just unfair."
"Tomato - 1 medium or 2 small chopped"
"The Bloomington brewery has six beers on draft. They are available for sampling and growler fills (a growler is a container, usually glass, that is filled off of draft lines for at-home consumption; they generally come in 64 ounce containers, but some places have 32 ounce as well). Kegs are also available for sale. Pints of their beer are sold only on Sundays and Mondays."
"“Trying not to mess up that bod huh?” She looked me up and down like a piece of cake at a Weight Watchers convention. “Why did you come through the window?”"
"1. Groovin’"
"Quests are completed simply by having the appropriate combination of resources on hand, at which point the player flips over the completed quest card and takes any rewards printed on it. Quests are divided into several different categories, and at the start of the game each player receives a secret card telling them which categories of completed quests will score them bonus points at the end of the game."
"Cleaning Management"
"“I await your reply. Did it happen just when"
"The papers and edge punch are from stampin up,The heart die cut is made using a memory box die,The fantastic ribbon buckle,organza ribbon,charms,buttons and pearls are all from meiflower crafts."
"But ... for now, I'm working on a holiday palette ruled mostly by greens and whites ... okay, a few pops of red may show up here or there. Coming soon!"
"If you have any questions about wool please feel free to e-mail me, smmumma at gmail dot com and I will do my best to help you out!"
"SHEAN: Oh, Mr. Gallagher. Oh Mr. Gallagher."
"Some plastic or cardboard to cover the surface on which you’re painting"
"Jon interviewed a woman who lost her flat and – with the exception of one flute – all her possessions in the riots. “She felt she was being punished.” Jon said. ”She sensed trouble was brewing and she and her partner left their flat and drove away.” The one flute she managed to save was already in the car. There were eighteen other flutes in the flat, some of which had been customised and cost tens of thousands of pounds each. ”They were in a pub on the other side of town when they saw their own flat burning on television.”"
"We used to play there about once a month. Before we moved out of the"
"Sign up now for our FIRST-EVER FREE Exclusive Health-D Session, where we’ll demystify health right in front of your FACE! We’ll be sharing actionable tips and zero-BS strategies on how to lose weight for REAL. It’s happening LIVE next Tuesday, May 8th at 8:00 pm Eastern Standard Time (EST)."
"In a small mixing bowl, whip the heavy cream to soft peaks until tips curl over."
"Things she may never possess,"
"Romney Also Alleged That The National Rifle Association Endorsed Him In 2002 - Another Mistake. \"Romney claimed on the NBC News program 'Meet the Press' last Sunday that he received from the National Rifle Association while running for governor of Massachusetts in 2002, when it turned out the group had never endorsed him.\" (The New York Times, 12/22/07)"
