"i no! i get another day off from skool due to the wonderful snow (: and THIS wakes me up...damn thing"
"Just saw this tweet, it was good to meet you too! Thank you so much for your support! MT"
"I just swabbed for Janet Liang tonight! And I'm actually home tonight to listen!"
"Happy Casimir Pulaski Day! Only in Illinois..."
"Home from S+J. Gotta get some rest for the 3am Black Friday shopping trip with the man I love . . . Mastercard. I mean, Matt. LOL. *z*"
"I know! How was your trip? Miss you. Would love to catch-up for real one of these days..."
"Would have to know investment, objectives, metrics, etc."
"yeah and ain't missed nothing smh"
"i'm not gonna be here much longer... :("
"Go back to India"
"The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated by quotations."
"67% of US wholesalers surveyed are more optimistic on their business now than three months ago, highest % in over a year. Via UBS Survey"
"thanks Bill!! Feeling better????"
"MusicalStop.com The one stop shop for All Indie Artists! ! !"
"knowledge is power!"
"5'10\"+ FEMALE PROMO MODELS NEEDED: national publication & food brand have teamed up for unique SXSW event on 3/15. msg me for details."
"wow...is that who it was tho?"
"Nice. Nowhere to go but up!!"
"Bulldogs convert late in the PP. Leblanc ties it at 2 for the"
"Looks like SLEEPLESS NIGHT, one of my favorite films from Fantastic Fest last year, is opening this upcoming weekend!"
"ErWhere iGo,iGet \"Hi's Nice TO Meet You\"."
"Made it to Cambodia, got my first nights real sleep. Off to the orpahage tomorrow, visiting the Jesus Village in PP today! :)"
"I'd start a zombie magazine with all the other walker folks. I'd also like to have a huge Adamic beard and a buzz cut and tattoos on my head"
"Except, every time I'm in Palos, I'm amazed by how pretty it is. All those woods!! (And there are good churches...)"
"love 9 innings. As a fan i need to ask for speed fixes for ryan Braun and rickie weeks. Much faster!"
"nah, they are in trouble. 31 pt trouble"
"That is actually my other account andi dmed justin for u all 5x :)"
"thanks for the #FF -- right back at you!"
"What about number of successful bunts? That's the only number that matters in baseball, right?"
"❤ Thanks for all the inspiration it means a lot. ! I Love you Chris ❤"
"\"Man, I'm single as fuck.\""
"Do you need some resin for your auto glass repairs? Get your order in now so we can ship it to you before the New Year begins!..."
"aw we gone miss u bo!!!"
"Chopped blowin blue cheese"
"RT : Why wasn't I using OneNote before to organize jobs & cover letters? Much easier than opening up 10 documents to find what I ..."
"Finally gettin back in shape, playing shape that is. Throwin off the mound soon."
"Today is 4 gram 1/8th Monday!! Also, The Clinic On Holly has moved and has officially been renamed 'The Clinic Colorado'"
"that's impossible. i'm gaining so much. im huge."
"live in the mix tonight at san martin!!! gonna be a fun debut!!!"
"Way to go Texas Rangers! That's my team. See ya again in the World Series!"
"#FollowBack contact us for your Video Production | Graphic Design | Photography needs!"
"Celebrating #jazzday with Howard Williams big band at the garage tonight! 7-10."
"I will make the beef you will need to make the pork"
"That Time Flung Some Little 6th Grader 10 Feet Because We Were Running To The Lunch Line :')"
"Today's the last official Last Thursday (street closed) and possibly the last nice day of the year...Come out to Alberta St. and live it up!"
"Was just reading your tweets - so much positive energy in so few characters...amazing! Thanks for following..."
"Did you win?"
"Trivia Q Day 1: What did Pierce Egan add to the basic eggnog recipe when he created a variation of eggnog called \"Tom and Jerry.\""
"only the prompt. And I have the app. I understand the extra step, but speed kills. What's the click through? 50%?"
"been done. Austin Powers."
"Ha ha ha I want a champ shower bath! That's two in one!"
"Sometimes ghostwriting a Twitter is beyond stressful. Big comments made for a big group through your lens. Have to trust their trust."
"Definitely agree it's not just Twitter. Which question were you responding to?"
"Just leaving the pool after competition water frisbee...this is what I love about summer. Woohoo!"
"Pre-game my place??"
"flyers hartnell to see cardiologist. does he even have a heart???"
"What if it's slow and buggy?"
"Cut my hand open on my first illusion today. Thanks to my sister/sister manager who patched me up during a 3 second black-out b/t tricks."
"I take that last tweet back, at least Louisville got a moral victory from a true freshmen"
"I hate remembering things I want to forget."
"- Rather, quite a few have shown a proclivity to put up poor-to-modest numbers when working with a HOF QB."
"Oh lol it's an iPhone 4s :)"
"yeah, I'm going to. I hear it great with aged Gouda"
"Sometimes the best wisdom and advice comes through the simple purity of a child. They don't see the world as complicated as adults do."
"God is great(:"
"Fa real!"
"I'm really falling for you. And I can't stop myself."
"Some people are so judgmental. Sometimes it even ends a life. Watch what you say. #stopbullying be a friend. <3"
"you look really pretty!"
"It's not like we can't talk, I'll just be far away lol"
"\"Start small and grow from there\" ré: social media for #smallbiz @#ebiznow Philadelphia event."
"IMO that should have been a goal"
"We're rockn' the animal print today! Woohoo!"
"really want the new ipad."
"I learn something new every day. I love it when I learn new stuff about my friends. Hugs and Happy Anniversary to you both!"
"Got Microsoft Vista. It wants me to rate my own files? Files I wrote? Um...yeah....five stars for Annelisa!"
"this philo of lack vs life, anti theory vs do elseways is ridiculous--as if the T-thing that IS without the not that makes it T is Thing."
"Eroma = Erotic+Romantic! does it again. $.99 Daily Deal for #Kindle and #Nook! Get it on sale today before it goes back $4.99!"
"Love it!!! RT : The writers of Modern Family are genius. This show never ceases to amaze me!"
"Wow, look how many followers we have, great job hunters and retweeters! For all the newbies, we are going to recap how this contest works."
"RT : Brittle nails, hair loss? Eat eggs & walnuts for Biotin, fatty fish for Omega-3, spinach & kale for Vitamin A"
"really stepped it up!! Great look's"
"Working on a lot of videos! Follow my Personal twitter for more updates,"
"Well the Rays and Nats are not the same :/ They have younger teams don't have money to make these long term deals"
"Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing."
"Lovely town! My parents used to live there in the early 90s, but not much interesting dining then."
"Oh cool! I was worried it was a dumb idea and everyone would be like \"UGH DON'T NO ONE CARE ABOUT YOUR KID\""
"“: car accident.”"
"I just don't wanna talk about it"
"lmao. I have no clue. Whatever it is PhiPhiOShitty is definitely not fish. Maybe toad but not fish"
"It's not to early to vote for the Kiss Hot 4! Tweet your votes and he will count them down at 4!"
"Damn smh *look at ground with shame* kobe muhfugg y'all"
"Key question: \"Is current content being delivered in real-time, before consumer sees it before someone else?\""
"Shannon on AI just sang a Kathy Troccoli song!! Go light your world!! Awesome!!!"
"College fair tonight til 9 PM at the Poland Springs Arena in Toms River. Great chance to visit 100+ colleges including Winthrop University."
"I feel so dumb."
"And...up the hill I go."
"OMG! Hulk it's morning now; I couldn't sleep so got on Twitter! GOOD MORNING FROM DALLAS and a huge hulkmaniac! ♥"
"Madness is upon us."
"There's a THICK LINE between me and other girls... Didnt say difference..."
"I never realized how hood Ginuwine's music is until i start listening to his pandora station"
"I miss my homie man :|!"
"back to bed"
"dem #Thunders is dangerous mayne"
"thanks so much!"
"having strep throat"
"My man avoids the camera, but tonight the camera found him! #NASCARRaceDayon SPEED."
"Just π will be @ 13th and Coronada today @ 12noon. Stop by for your free sample of sweet potatoe pie! YUM!"
"it was a really fun show! Great seeing you too!"
"Say my name, say my name when no one is around you say baby I love you!!!"
"u know it's still up in the air but I know I'm going to someone's bar and getting drunk LOL"
"Hey, if is a Doctor, I'm a fuckin rocket scientist!"
"She call me monster cuz i make her scream in the dark!!!!"
"Ask An Expert Mondays: Can you wait 4 more days to ask questions to our experts?"
"how do I find out if I can catch an early flight home?"
"A big thanks to the Metro State Roadrunners Volleyball Team for putting on a clinic for our Volleyball Players last night!"
"I wouldn't mind being stranded at home in a snow storm. But freezing rain? In February? Really Mother Nature?"
"Voki clsrm makes management of projects easy. Students don't have to sign up individually. Site a bit slow w/ updates at times."
"Yay!! My super awesome and incredibly wonderful Sister is now on Twitter! If you like me, you'll LOVE her. :)"
"He probably choked on his own bile."
"Watching kickoff to #F1GrandPrix season on #SPEED from Melbourne. Hamilton & Button look good but Vettel & Hamilton lurk. McLaren Merce ..."
"Until next time buddy, I will miss you<3"
"getting a message that the server www3.isrl.illinois.edu/unsworth cant' be found"
"Thank you Kevin for the great tweet! Have a beautiful day!"
"can't wait for"
"Me fail English? That's unpossible. - Ralph (The Simpsons)"
"\"He cleared that very low bar for best Romney speech\". Why I love"
"Laughing pretty hard at Chris Waitt's doc, A Complete History Of My Sexual Failures. It premiered in 08, check it out."
"Ah cool. I can imagine your character would be a fun one to write."
"Dear Chicago Art Gallery who twitter-blocked me, not gonna buy any of ur art anyway so I guess it doesn't matter no how."
"#teamallnighter is still up at 10:50 AM EST"
"Did anyone catch our President Victoria Schmitt in the RBJ?"
"How times have changed: As kids we used a rotary phone to talk & 4 TV channels. My 11 yr. son is video chatting with his friends. I love it"
"but not by anyone any better. Unless you start trading."
"First day fly fishing this year....froze & zipped but still better than work."
"Yeah most likely. I think they open 1/2 hour earlier last week of month!"
"Getting off twitter because I'm so bored and there's no one to talk to so bye"
"The University of California, Santa Barbara&#39;s independent, student-run newspaper."
"congrats on sticking to your goals! Not many of us can."
"I knew Brandon I think as a passer by but not too much... Cool guy from what I remember though"
"i know how you feel!"
"you have! Not being constrained by the environment, having to make bad design decisions to accommodate the language? Magnificent!"
"Can't move"
"you sound so good...thanks for adding great jazz to my New York visit this week!"
"soon my house well just hop away music is insane"
"thanks. Eastview got me thinking and I remembered this store. I'm going to have to hem it though I think. I'm not 6 feet tall."
"If one more person on Facebook titles their photo, \"I do it for the ratchets\" I will fucking defriend you so fast you'll get whiplash."
"Kinda last minute but if anybody could spare some time to model this Sunday April 1 for a figure drawing sesh/photoshoot - hit us up! =)"
"Do you have questions for Ask and"
"I'm going to put on some war paint and dump a bunch of High Life in Lake Monona... Anyone have a boat?"
"Publish anthology (stud art, wrtgs) via corp sponsors/grants. Distribute locally. IE, free n #RVA via Kroger, Martins stores"
"It’s important to understand that all deep issues held within the cells of the body generally leave in layers."
"Goodnight #Denver_Broncos! TB with a performance for the ages. Devine intervention won't make this easier for"
"#mettaworldpeace has been watching a little too much playoff hockey"
"That was epic live TV!!!"
"those look so god!"
"It's friday! yay! Friday!"
"Finially finished the 1st novel, now to start the 2nd., what a bitter sweet victory. Thank God the screenplays are already finished..."
"On a mission to incorporate my Kindle Fire into my teaching, any suggestions? Tips?"
"#Bahrain is the place to watch now in the area according to KT #McFarland to #LPR2011. Saudi Arabia wants Sunni to win, not Iranian Shia."
"Get your small business Saturday shopping started in today!"
"Can you grab like 20 YP posters and a stapler and meet me at leaders at 545? I got $ for you"
"yea I feel u 100% I didn't even understand where that all even came frm n I was salty bcuz we were workin on our friendship"
"I know lol"
"Cleaning out the bookshelves is much harder than I thought it would be."
"people piss me the fuck off, so sick ofeveryone"
"if i don't have a passing GPA will i not be allowed to join ASB? ;-;"
"> love the sin,cos, tan rap!"
"The NBA without brad miller just isn't right."
"Great time in NYC, saw 3 shows: \"How to Succeed\", \"Anything Goes\" and \"Sister Act\"."
"remember to set your clocks forward tonight. it's spring forward time."
"The weather is going to be perfect for tomorrow's MOVIE NIGHT! Join us on our patio for a special showing of The Princess Bride at 7:30pm!"
"Halftime has mercifully arrived for Illinois: Wisconsin leads 31-18. That's a season low in any half for"
"Just asked my mother to make roasted brussel sprouts for xmas eve dinner. Her response? \"you need a boyfriend.\""
"oh. i thought you actually cared."
"NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION!! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?x :)"
"unfortunately it's not very optomistic"
"has a CALLBACK today for the supporting role of Mitsy Lyon: a fashion-obsessed, high-octane, kooky suburban mom - in Columbia Thesis film."
"night time swim at my housee?"
"Tweet tweet."
"It's my first day at work and I'm about to ask for a raise. Wish me luck!"
"Hook 'Em Texas!"
"#didyouknow? The lion used in the original MGM movie logo killed its trainer and two assistants the day after the logo was filmed."
":( i didnt even get a delay 2day"
"A Yo Watts, How You Like Ya Pussy? Wet, Clean, and Bald"
"when I did have certain cast members #'s they would never return my call. So I stopped & deleted the math."
"Yeah probably."
"you gotta be stroking me sir!!"
"Why did she call you a dumbfuck?"
"Can you all show some love today? Their goal is to provide a vest for every Police K9 in WI"
"Unbelievable finish. Patriots are coming to Indy. Not what Colts fans wanted to see."
"Does anyone else feel extremely accomplished if you can pee and manage to only use one sheet of toilet paper?"
"Music is an art form that is now timeless. It is as much the art the day it was written as the day you listen to it!"
"We are continually faced by great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems."
"This is shaping up to be a pivot week. Major move time. Close to breaking support level again."
"can't stand joey logano"
"If you don’t know how much you can spend, you’ll certainly spend a lot more than you can afford."
"Ate at Village Inn,and went to The Stripper Club.Tits and Ass. my favorite!"
"Granted, I'm being churlish. But I paid plenty for the privilege of being possessive (not defensive), as you will too soon enough."
"Yeah so we had another great event today. Then had some meetings at our offices before having a long collaboration session."
"hey man, my friend Amanda did my website. She's pretty good. I can give you her contact info if you're interested"
"Happy Easter Sunday from yours truly at Bracken Library."
"25% of search results for world's 20 largest brands are links to user-gen content (Source: Forrester; cited in Loni Stark preso)."
"Leeland just followed me... :O"
"This quite possibly made my day!! How did this happen&why?"
"You gotta be smart to stay a millionaire... Been doin my groundwork so when it come"
"The Dish says rumor has it that TWO new SweetFrogs are opening in town. Exciting!"
"you are correct, that is the unrivaled Wicked Hop Bloody Mary...deliciousness!"
"Lmao RT : At least my curls are REAL - And my mother knows who my daddy is, unlike some of you"
"\"Why me?\" \"Because you saw me when I was invisible.\""
">>>MLM News! Adaptogenix( New Company Listing )"
"Maybe the office of public art has an e-blast they'd send it out on? or put it out on the roboto board?(I don't have a login)"
"My new logo is live!"
"Grad UO last year. To me, it's just normal. Nothing \"new\" about it. This gen of UO students collectively yawned @ the story."
"screen printing all over prints tonight with a nice discharge ink and tagless neck tags for clients"
"Things to-do: A.) Grab a coffee at B.) Visit Idle Time Books at noon for the #DCCashMob C.) Have a swell day!"
"If your kids don't pay attention to you in public, don't get mad. Chances are, they don't listen to you at home either!!"
"We want to know: What's your idea for the next big website?"
"Why no more Flickr?"
"Stop by our shop at 3931 ! We have some delicious flavors, including Dark Chocolate Sea Salt and Chocolate Peanut Butter!"
"I'm down to just create an entirely different magazine called \"Models and Donuts\". With you on the cover!!"
"RIP #DiscoQueen #DonnaSummer. I will forever have memories of #skating parties and #DonnaSummer music playing"
"My parents didn't even notice I was gone the whole time...lol"
"i guess she like is ruff"
"Read in"
"Asus is usually very fast so I'm sure it'll work just fine"
"AYE YOU DOWN THERE ☟ THERE'S A MONSTER UNDER YOUR BED!!"
". Oh, kolach, good idea. Know a good recipe out there on the 'net or have one to share?"
"That's a great joke!!!"
"to a room FULL of marketers. crazy."
"There should be a sarcasm emoticon"
"Soo who has a gif boom? I only have like 2 followers..."
"Keep hope alive... You've got a better chance of GOOG or APPL buying them and getting a stock bump then."
"Thank you, Marcelle. You're a doll to say so (and it's mutual)."
"Don’t go to a beginning photographer, come to an award winning photographer who will create stunning images of you"
"follow back ? (:"
"Me 2! If mom even bumps my leash when she grabs Junior's and I hear the little bell I come flying cuz I think I'm going out."
"About to eat at a place I haven't had in over 3 years (at least) because I just got the worst craving I've ever had."
"Is tweet about roping but I'm like the only one -_- lol"
"I really hate faxing stuff. It's like nails on a chalk board to me. What is this, the 1970s?"
"Nigga I worked for everything I got"
"all good points. sort of see the piece as an interesting attempt to add context -- tho execution def debatable."
"What is that?"
"An epitaph, \"I live by the nanosecond and burn the candle at both ends; with a blowtorch.\" - Michael Hart, cofounder of Project Gutenberg"
"- never seen an ep."
"well, has your accountant sent him an invoice? , I'm looking at you."
"Apple's Coming Map App Will \"Blow Your Head Off\" (John Paczkowski/AllThingsD)"
"right I hurts?"
"I wanna go to a party"
"If Mariano Rivera is retiring, I'm requesting a James Hetfield & Metallica live performance from the bullpen in the home finale."
"\"It's raining in San Antonio...Hallelujah!"
"And 'frisco' and 'Cali' RT Dear guy who says \"Cap Hill,\" \"San Fran,\" and \"Philly\" in one sentence-are you THAT busy?"
"Let's be honest, I'll be singing \"one percent reason you'll remember oUR name\" all day long... I may even break out into dance."
"Maybe playing FarmVille all day and giving back your stock options isn't all that appealing after all?"
"or I should say is flying by lol"
"Never let your \"enemy\" make your policy choices."
"I swear my short-term memory is entirely trained to remember what I control-C'd twenty minutes ago."
"Abs are like tits on guys."
"Audre Lorde~ Our feelings are our most genuine paths to knowledge."
"Looks like chgo winter is finally here. Cue the complaints from ppl from the south..."
"Will they post the T-Plush conference online? Where can a guy see this."
"When there's 2 minutes left in the #bruins game. Im going to randomly call all my Bs fans friends...just to be a dick!!"
"Nice - Thx man!!"
"Softball tournament :D"
"great Love your pic :)"
"today was an amazing day. Thank God i got to be with my bestfriends. the 2 hour bus rides, the insiders, matching bracelets. it was PERF.💜"
"#GoTribe But I was getting better. Now ima go back to my original assholeness"
"i hate it when your watching a show and it ends on a great, interesting part<<<<"
"Justin: \"Together we can make history!\" Beliebers: \"And babies\" ONLY BELIEBERS!! 3 people follow me right now please. :)"
"Jackson Pollock~ The painting has a life of its own. I try to let it come through."
"YOUR VOICE IS SO CUTE<3"
"Out of softball practice. Needs to get some #food!!! : )"
"haha dude that video is hella funny i was crackin up"
"The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach. We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it."
"It's raining, it's pouring This old lady is running She went to the treadmill and fell on her head And still got up and looked stunning"
"my friend barry would be very disappointed in me right now. he puts a lot of effort in his mac and cheese. and its delicious. it really is!"
"wow Mt Baker has gotten 104\" of snow in the past 6 days. That's insane!"
"she annoys the living #SHIT outta me."
"Lol. She will be back tomorrowww!!! At least i think.."
"So do I. How is that possible?"
"You guys are all awesome! :D"
"Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation"
"hey! Replace my name right there."
"Middle finger in the air cause I don't really care."
"Great My Own Fingerprint photo shoot in Hollywood - the models were amazing!"
"That would be so awesome to have both, then this would be a city fulfilled with sports.. We do support our teams well>>"
"thanks! “: So happy you're running! I ... am spreading info about you to friends/family in the 915”"
"Blow me."
"Early markers of toxic excess is mild intestinal discomfort-including cramps, flatulence, gas & bloating."
"You're a true, Inspiration. <3, Shine bright .(:"
"Debating selling a ton of my size Medium shirts.."
"Precious in my pants!"
"\": This is why #Scorpios are associated with the phoenix rising, nothing ever really gets them down\""
"thank you love your tweets XO"
"i pursue no one that does not give me reason to"
"so good!"
"Nothing more beautiful than chasing a dream and laughing at the opposition."
"RT : I need help with Word. How do I get the Level 2 table of contents entries NOT to show a page number? TIA."
"I'll be out there next week, we should meet up."
"Dave Holland, \"Critical Mass\", The Leak."
"Out-of-town beat writers love to depend on lazy archetypes, saves them a lot of time and energy. Still dumb."
"ABC gives a full season order to REVENGE and SUBURGATORY - both of my favorites! Yippee!"
"thank you beautiful!"
"Interesting approach to the #social work environment - new feature Workspaces that uses Live Feeds. Works with #iPad too."
"Go with your gut."
"why isn't he in pajamas ???"
"Of course, as always: dames get sick during rehearsals, I get sick as soon as the show opens!!! Wah wah."
"I feel so bad for Bryan LaHair. His self esteem must be shot since everyone always mentions how old he is before adding anything else."
"32 days to SUPER BOWL XLVI! Special s/o to my Twitter favs who are making the run!"
"Kudos Gamma Rho collegian , named Outstanding Panhellenic Junior at !"
"#ChampagneThursday is just around the corner. Where/How will you celebrate?"
"#shoutoutto money money money"
"yeah yeah :)that put childress team in 1st for sadler and 2nd for dillion in point because james and brad are not fulltime"
"#10RandomThingsAboutMe I like alot of girls"
"no dead animals, it's good karma"
"The North Korean everyone loves to hate has died today at 70. Too bad he got to live that long. Honor his death by watching Team America."
"Leaving work early to catch flight means missing 's infamous \"grown up\" pinata filled w/ candy & small plastic bottles of booze."
"Hahaha, yeah, too many condoms."
"that nigga took yo shit and being and gave it back p.s"
"RT : Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please. ~Mark Twain"
"Tomorrow we go back into the studio. We'll be posting updates on our progress through here (twitter), so keep your eyes open :) We love you!"
"i thuggs with the new twit name gucci haven bur"
"Happy Star Wars Day! #MayTheFourth be with You!"
"\"Ventura..\" \"Yes, Satan? ... Oh, excuse me, Sir, you sound like someone else.\""
"Spurs lead by 8 at halftime."
"Tierney Fairchild on #turnaround: We have got to talk about race and poverty. #edleaders at SREB Leadership Forum."
"BOOKED IT! We start rehearsals on Tuesday :)"
"I'm ashamed to admit it, but I liked The Chronicles of Riddick from 2004."
"Open today from Noon-8p. Stop by to check out Project Einstein featuring the work of Burmese refugee high school students in the city."
"(Not so) fun fact: allergy seasons are expected to get worse thanks to climate change. Misery..."
"There's a 78 degree day in the 7-day forecast! Andy has the details on Good Day Oregon"
"The online catalogue looks great! I visited in 2009, loved the exhibitions, and went home w/ a Nevelson-like brooch."
"Naomi is yelling out the door saying stop it to the rain! LOL"
"haha text me"
"Just because you're covered from head to toes in designer labels doesn't make you fashionable. It shows you have money and NO STYLE!"
"can i get an f u FB?"
"Young broccoli sprouts hold super-antioxidant sulforaphane at least 30 times greater then other known antioxidants!"
"What a day! Morning meeting, 3 afternoon events throughout Atlanta, and judged a fashion show this evening. Looking forward to tomorrow!"
"Heading to Plug & Play Silicon Valley incubator (graduates include Paypal and Dropbox). Any questions you'd like me to include in mtngs?"
"I've been seeing bunches of those tractors that the country fellas sing about. Taking up both sides of the road!"
"Gonna be at the European Wine and Spirit Festival at the Sofitel Chicago 5-8pm. Pouring some premium Greek wines."
"The delicious Canadian hamburger photo-op by is making me consider a lunch time run to Five Guys."
"get back on"
"lucky! what grade are you in? You're from NY right?"
"Totally stunned at the moment. SMH!"
"Working on a cover of 'The Lazy Song' by Bruno Mars! It's gonna make you not wanna do anything..."
"Kat- I saw a cute pair with wedge not sure how high at PAYLESS SHOES :-)"
"Welcome to the darkside! Isn't it fantastic?"
"Did your wisdom teeth come out yet?"
"Thanks for the follow Be Rad"
"Do you know you just followed Sade's biggest fans since the 1980s?! We just saw her in Denver a few months ago. Welcome!"
"#FezFriday this is Rex the Impossible the Moose in Glendale. It's his if he wins. Yeah?"
"In that gulf tourism commercial, I don't think that guy is from Alabama. Will post Hollandude top ten albums of 2011 later today."
"Autumn evenings will fade away, but our memories are here to stay."
"LOL, UR famous ! UR definitely strange but hey, different strokes for different folks! Not hurting anyone so it's all good"
"Inquiring minds wanna know just how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?"
"They are definitely going to layoff teachers, but too bad they won't be the bad teachers."
"Had such a great time with the Black Eyed Peas and LMFAO last weekend at ESTATE * Can't wait until this weekend..."
"great building materials picked up this week! 20 gallons mocha brown house paint, tile floor heating system, stone tile, all on the cheap"
"Worst singing EVER!!!"
"grad show + the next designer superstars + Sarah Burton () + + Princes Reema = ADRENALINE RUSH"
"Has indie rock always sounded like adult contemporary and I just never noticed before?"
"You're right!! It'll only be like four days late. Also they eloped, so that means all rules are off, right?"
"Thanks for including me in the Daily today."
"I vibe to piss em off & I know errday"
"I think everyone should give Jonathan Franzen a break. Hes a decent writer, who cares if he doesn't like Twitter?"
"Thoughts and prayers to Keifer & Shawna of Shawna's dad \"Mickey\" McIlwain has passed away."
"Yo I'm Serious I'm Following The Next 10. As Long As U Ain't That Porno Shit.... Let's Be Real Bro.."
"Uploading my work: new #PealeBCLM inventory lists for the 5x7 glass negative portion of the collection."
"You have forced me to act on this one very important detail."
"Or do you not think so far...ahead..."
"that's short for am juggling and dropping balls at the same time :)"
"o yea i forgot it was!"
"I clicked on your link and a Justin Bieber ad popped up next to the article. HOW APPROPRIATE!!!"
"The Angels are bowling ✌"
"my little sister will be 3 in October (;"
"New news coming tomorrow!"
"we're around the corner from you!"
"Enjoying a beautiful, crisp winter day in the Heartland! It is sunny, breezy and the view from my window is like a winter postcard!"
"Coming from a performer/teacher POV, teachers dont get enough credit..next time I hear 'those who can't, teach' BS I may cause a scene...:P"
"yo text me bro"
"Forever on my fly shit"
"Thank you for the follow. Hope you are having a great day!"
"Felicia Day thinks our web series is funny and cute \"This web series about dog walkers is pretty cute!\" (Cut to dog=instant comedy lol)"
"What about your life savings?"
"haha - you really don't get it, do you?"
"hah. it's scenic. that's about it."
"Best interview ever? just sang \"It's Time To Party\" to and me over the phone. See him on Sunday."
"and i knew that song before it was on the radio :("
"what, you're flying to Sea again? =D"
"The Zingaro is on UNM campus right out side the student union building, so if your on campus stop by and get a great lunch!"
"God bless America. RT : America's Funniest Home Videos has been on for 23 years."
"Thanks Sammy!"
"That sounds about right."
"not if Denver signs Manning"
"that is by far the nicest tweet ever! You made my day!"
"Happy Friday all"
"i couldn't open the link you sent... it said it was removed. sorry!"
"which raises the question, is it possible to find the record for that newspaper in your alma matter's library catalog"
"Even thought I've never been to Bora Bora"
"meeeeeeeep! 3,900(; ya'll are amazing. we love you guys so much!<3 x"
"Bitch either you did or you didn't jus DON'T lie"
"What's the meaning of the index passed to the draw callback in a script deck?"
"Final panelist, Lydia Loren from Lewis & Clark revisiting the orphan metaphor: abandoned, misused, abused"
"#AutoRepair When the Car Wonâ € ™t Start"
"Carnevor Gift Card + Mother's Day Card = Done Shopping :)"
"fallow back :)"
"HAHAH yup about you"
"It's our pleasure...nice to hear from you."
"thats your only defense sir?"
"nah it's not too much and I'll know it all."
"Beautiful in LA!"
"Back in the trap lml"
"Girll i most defly is r ??"
"S/O to all undertaker fans be glad to see him in action again undertaker4 ever"
"follow me <3"
"omg iv'e been 2 crowley b4!! thts so cool!! omg i want to meet u!! lol"
"Saw your last tweet. Check out our website www.stardesignsa.com . Maybe we can help you find exactly what you are looking for. :)"
"Are you going to verify credibility of that poll? 451 said they'll vote in dem primary, but <350 were Dem."
"Making \"Bacon\" in Real Estate - helping people sell their home and having more fun with folks who want to buy a house. Can we help you?"
"thanks, right back at you! let us know if you need biz cards, postcards, etc., and we'll hook you up w/ a great price."
"A whole bunch of misunderstandings and assumptions psssshh #humans lol"
"aye so i guess my birthday weekend begins now((:"
"\"afraid to get nair in your shampoo again?\" wow hahahahahahaha"
"We are looking for \"sideshow\"/\"freakshow\" entertainers/groups to perform. Please send them my way! (Please RT!)"
"Tonight ... The moon will shine at its fullest and brightest in this year #Amazing <3"
"putting one in the air 4 my Boy Blaylock in 3..2..1 blastoff ..ignition we have lift off only the best rocket fiel YEA!"
"IEP success book available"
"Studio time with"
"Chilly night with an official low at RIA of 22. Cold temperatures will persist today with highs in the upper 30's along with sunny skies."
"wtf.have you been?"
"dude, if you want your 90's kick, go watch cant hardly wait. m jennifer love hewitt"
"finally opening grad gifts and cards..."
"Lets rewind to 7 months ago so i can be esley the good girl again :p RT : okay okay your not:) & dont we all!!!"
"Daily Special, Tue 05/15/12 - Roast beef, ham, turkey, choice american/swiss, lettuce/tomato/pickle/onion, on italian roll, w/ FF. $6.09 RT"
"Milwaukee WI Im down to put my city on the map I see how yall do it where yall from but home is where my heart at so I'm a cheesehead jack"
"thanx to for throwing game 6,We hope you stay in cleveland . Mogotti and only the loyal C-town loves u"
"What is your #FamilyTradition on #StGeorgesDay?"
"GoogleGeo: \"In the beginning there was Code, and Engineers saw this and they thought, 'Cool!'\" And everyone else thought 'Huh?'\""
"75 degree weekend in Denver, but winter will be making an appearance on Tuesday, get ready!"
"Beautiful! Last night's sunset in Albany had such pretty clouds as well."
"I can't wait for the heat vs Thunder rematch in the"
"Out of the 8 ppl I will be relaying for, Alex is one <3"
"That motorcycle just went by my extremely fast"
"I helped a local chapter association decorate a homelss shelter for kids 12-17. I hope they find something to smile about."
"Quest labs reported an alarming jump in positive heroin tests in the workplace. Quest used an oral test that was more accurate."
"Crush a bit, lil bit, roll it up, take a hit & f*ck the bullsh*t"
"Wow is this for real? Lebrob hitting clutch shots? Holy fuck. The world is ending. Hahagaga"
"Trust me, he will."
"i hope everybody had a great easter !!!!! :-)"
"\"Memory is a way of holding on to the things you love, The things you are, the things you never want to lose.\""
"It is a cool product : - presenting at #webinno - offers a better UX for teachers for virtual education."
"You bet!"
"thx for the follow, and nice bio :p whoever doesn't love em is outta their mind!!!"
"Trying to get tickets to the TCA Awards early, I want really good seats."
"Gunnar Kiel flips from LSU to ND. Does this move devin7fuller towards #arizonawildcats? Probably not but there is a chance"
"ya it sucks"
"When am I ever rude to you?"
"Got $100 bonus in my check."
"sorry to hear that bro."
"Its gonna be a hot one today!!!"
".co is quickly becoming a viable alternative to .com!"
"followed him back sir"
"of course the only way to remove it is painful: listen to it. It's a pattern stuck in your brain that requires a reset"
"Shit just got real!!"
"u gon do olympics one day?"
"*insert every curse word here*"
"PTL: is here."
"I went to my first specialty yarn store over the weekend. I'll be blogging about it later this week but it was a magical experience."
"Will be tweeting info on Healthcare Staffing update from Staffing Industry Analyst"
"omg. i almost have 200 followers. :D i am so proud. ahaha."
"I love spring break..."
"Curren$y and Melanie Fiona too..."
"I failed at trying to draw on Jessica's face. It woke up"
"\"Every day is a new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be.\" - Marsha Petrie Sue"
"#Ilovepeople that are straight up & tell you shit how it is."
"great job tonite! Always good to see you T!"
"I've had it a while but have not used it much. Using it more now : didn't know you were a twitter-er! Nice."
"What?! Which one man?"
"65% of social media-using teens have had an experience on a social network site that made them feel good abt themselves."
"woah woah woah my bad montrail. It was just a little funny... My bad..."
"NEW! Limited-Edition* Mary Kay® Nail Lacquer Fun-to-wear shades. Instant high-gloss finish. Stay-true color that does not fade."
"ill txt you"
"The FBI wants to monitor social media?? You mean they dont????"
"Incredibly bad? Incredible that it's still on? RT This is several days late, but last week's Office is fairly incredible."
"Our Debut Single \"Time Is Of The Essence\" is now available for FREE DOWNLOAD, off our Facebook BandPage. Enjoy and spread the word"
"Heading to in the morning to volunteer with the Allendale Columbia School alumni board."
"“: St Louis MO and all surrounding areas the Warship is touching down at tonight Feb 15th!” (cc )"
"sounds cool"
"\"Motto\" by Drake ="
"please please please follow me u r so amazing and i will be the happiest person in the world. plus i love you so much!!!!"
"I wish I was home, I wish I was back there...with the things I've been knowing."
"Who is following the game?"
"Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love"
"Project Porsche 924 Turbo gets tested"
"Clear sign he is about to endorse pot legalization. RT : Obama says Dave Matthews is “someone I just love”"
"Yayy Its Friday Fridayy ... Finnally Its Here! And Summer Is Just In 8 Days!! Yeahh Buddy!!"
"How was everyone's weekend? Do anything out of the ordinary? Or maybe you came in and visited one of our stores to pick up some polish? :)"
"ya, but got no ideas for LOI!"
"i smile... because i have no idea whats going on."
"“: typical” heard that"
"much like old people swearing, photos of toddlers smoking and drinking crack me up. Oh and nuns smoking. Nuns smoking = hilarity."
": Hmm. Hello, are you aspiring or professional?"
"Brazil just couldnt muster anything against the swarming Scotland defense. dominates in a 33-5 win."
"so glad these JVC earbuds have bass.."
"I remember when A&E had opera, Lifetime had medical shows and MTV had music! Now it's Storage Wars, soap operas and crap."
"happy to see featured on - a great Milwaukee property gets the recognition it deserves!"
"yeah and jeans!"
"Thanks for the mention!"
"when you answer that you DON'T need room for cream, that means you DO want coffee filled to the brim so you can't avoid scalding your hands"
"Im gone be what I set out to be, and I askin nobody for shit👊"
"a record store just opened around the corner from me! yahoo! maybe a bookstore will come next? that would be awesome!"
"Rehearsals! #NERVOUS!! :/"
"Why? Because this isn't the 60s. I'm not that starved of baseball that I'm going to watch two teams I despise because its 'Game of the Week\""
"Patience is what seperates a woman from a girl and a man from a boy!!"
"LA rules!!"
"Who moved my cheese?"
"Im not down with the #yolo movement.."
"Helping at Aroma Thyme Bistros soup kitcken"
"link works on the computer"
"it's DEFINITELY not a fad for those with"
"Because of the street lights I can't get a good photo"
"Stryker Co-Founds Coalition to Advance Purchase of Environmentally-Preferable ... - MarketWatch (press release)"
"oh haha:) do you have homework?"
"I'm doing my Spanish poem on Ian Somerhalder yay"
"oh, yes! Classic..."
"so in the brave new world of the net, is chatting on facebook for hours the same as a long phone call from decades past?"
"#WHEN LIFE KNOCKS YOU ON YOUR KNESS, YOUR IN THE PERFECT TIME TO PRAY...."
"Scrambling for Air Jordans just seems like a quaint luxury from a more innocent time. RT : ://t.co/NDkBnozD"
"lol. If we can't laugh at ourselves then no one fucking can. :)"
"One of the good things about working at home is getting to watch movies while I work. Just finished watching Revenge of the Nerds"
"I would but I don't have your number :-("
"went to NYC yesterday to discuss the Fraxel Device Clear + Brilliant yesterday. love new york!"
"$NASV going hard after breaking .01! Looks like .0125 is the first resistance. Looking to break it asap!"
"Are those US, UK or European sizes? They look like UK sizes. Do you have anything in extra-wide?"
"Maybe she took his ring. Based on the stories I've heard, she deserves it."
"It's not truly the holiday season until I've watched A Charlie Brown Christmas."
"Interesting AK State Museum web chat 2day with museum folk from all over Alaska. Next: May 18th at 11am."
"Thanks for the mention! Our towelettes saved us on the slopes this week, that's for sure! See you around and enjoy the show."
"DETROIT love baby"
"Just realized I made Crafty tweeps list. I like!"
"#crrunconf defining knowledge work: analytical, distinction between information and material goods, granular view, looks like writing"
"Aud's unknowingly teaching herself imposition as she puts pages together to make a book...kind of makes me want to throw away my new Kindle."
"Hey, just sent you a DM. Hope it's helpful."
"Thanks ! See you at events very soon!"
"I really think that we need to also figure the importance of sheer joy and FUN into the equation."
"There's always a reason to smile."
"Do it! MT : Watching #SportingKC in Victory Suite. Want to tell everyone I meet that I was #LSPfirstwedding. Is that annoying?"
"cool, we will definitely get in touch. Thanks guys!"
"looking good tonight. Rather see you tag with at #WrestleMania #"
"getting ready for holiday staff party tonight!! Fun, Fun, Fun!"
"Well I'm tired again. Goodnight !"
"followed, can you follow me please? :)"
"Its literally freezing here ☃"
"thanks for such a great interview! it was wonderful to chat with you and learn more about this field."
"listening to Boosie how deep is your love"
"Meek Mill"
"If you think #JerseyShore is the worst show on TV clearly you haven't seen #Brooklyn11223 yet.."
"Awhhh yeah hunger games yeah."
"#howtokeepsomeonehappy cook for them"
"What exactly is success, when you are certain that you can't fail?"
"he's already bouncing back. Thanks"
"sometimes may be it is the only way to have peace with life!:-)"
"I think the rest of the world finally caught up to where was 50 years ago."
"High five! Thanks for giving us a try :)"
"People who buy coffee mainly at drive-thru windows on their way to work spend as much as 45 hours a year waiting in line."
"it's over for lions n yo boi Suh got a 2 game suspension smh"
"And what a movie star voice you have!"
"I call it: BLACK GOLD!"
"Attention bloggers / media ... contact us if you'd like to cover design conference May 1-2"
"“ When You STILL Have a Crush on The One Your In Love with >>>>>…”"
"\"Artists don't care about credit. We care about change.\" -- Seth Godin, as quoted by Peter Witte at the Middle of the Map Fest."
"It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves. ~Edmund Hillary"
"“: If FB social interaction gets diluted, then is Twitter the way to build course / faculty community?”"
"#3wordsofadvice Just let go"
"Driving home with some Dance Gavin Dance."
"Kara Walker to speak at Memorial Hall this Monday 6pm, History of Art + Design is a co-sponsor, free for Pratt students, seating is limited"
"Just got my acceptance letter! It's official! I'M TEACHING IN CHINA!"
"And college-me moves towards the nearest blue-light emergency phone."
"#marchmadness! Join us on the patio this evening and watch the Ohio State Buckeyes takes on the Kansas Jayhawks!"
"Tonight is awesome"
". already read and retweeted! :)"
"great to be there! #TLLIVE was a great day!"
"I would much rather be the puppet master than the puppet."
"Almost done with photo edits from the past 5 photo shoots I've done. Can't wait to schedule some more photo shoots."
"I just finished a 2.68 mi run with a time of 31:21 with Nike+ GPS."
"Yeah me too - wish all the hustlers were still around to play lol"
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader -John Quincy Adams"
"RT : Tampa Police Officers have Joseph Lee Frye in custody at the Mayflower Motel (he's suspect in rape)"
"Women live for the thirst."
"I'm thinking dubstep might be an awful way to wake up in the am, but it makes me want to some nasty grinding on this coffee."
"what did he say?"
"chopped off a hunk of his tooth eating popcorn"
"You forgot tiny parking spaces"
"RT : #StepIntoSpring with our #NikeID custom sneaker giveaway! RT &amp; Follow us for a chance to get walking in new shoes"
"see him if I don't want to. It gets old having to go every single time I'm apparently supposed to. He's an asshole anyways."
"your \"healthcare\" is a huge legal mistake. Again $anders worse mayor in history!"
"On our way to mt. Charleston to do a photoshoot :) new stuff soon everyone!!"
"Hi ! We'll send you a McCafe on us! DM us with your info!"
"what's in that black boys head that makes him so eloquent...?/his rap potent"
"lmao yeah it's cool shit happens for a reason"
"Avengers, 9:45, Security Square Mall, who's coming with me?"
"hahah makes sense! Thank god is almost summer (:"
"More online training. Who casts the actors for these videos? For real, I want to be in one! I think and I would be awesome!"
"please follow my new account"
"Keep Voteing for for the #PopOff. We can do this #TeamMINDLESS. i have been voteing everyday and i will keep going :)"
"I just finished a 3.23 mi run with a time of 36:34 with Nike+ GPS."
"Another night of tossing and turning :("
"I have a teacher who would love to start using the tool! Is there someone I can talk to w questions?"
"I once applied for 3 jobs that I thought were made for me & was crushed when I didn't get callbacks, so I know the feeling."
"RT : FOOD TIP # 4: If you're unsure of an egg's freshness, put it in a cup of water; fresh eggs sink, bad ones float."
"Unfortunately and I'm pretty sure that's the weekend of prom! I'm sorry I wish I was):"
"Happy Friday everyone! Have a great weekend and stay warm :)"
"likewise lovely lady.. so grateful for all that you do..enjoy this wonderful day:):)"
"I should be sleeping!"
"The new Justin Bieber single comes out on my little sister's birthday. She loves him. #iknowwhatimgettingher #cheapgiftftw haha"
"Thanks for checking in! Hope to see you soon!"
"Davis: \"The problem is the way that normalcy is constructed to create the 'problem' of the disabled person.\""
"Today is Labor Day in Mexico. To all Mexicans working here in the U.S. today: ¡Feliz día del trabajo!"
"Started writing! Two songs somewhat done but so many more are on the way."
"VOICEMAIL RT And what happen ? RT : I TRIED HITTIN YOU UP BRUH"
"Agree completely. This is frustrating..."
"TY for the RT. Have a great week."
"I wish it worked that way, but it never does. At our house Mommy & Daddy trade off kid duty and resting."
"#ThingsISayWhenImDrunk lets trend this one day when I'm really drunk"
"Tremendous response to our open #alt-ac position (Head of Outreach & Consulting). Thanks for your enthusiasm and RTs!"
"So teams are passing on ASU's Vonteze because he has anger management issues? I'm pretty sure I want ALL my LBs to suffer from that."
"David- hey! :) sorry I forgot to get back to you. I'll do that tonight"
"yeah I just can't ever be there on Fridays or Saturdays."
"if youre not gonna say it in front of people then don't say it behind closed doors..."
"T-shirt biz must be recession proof or our prices for custom t-shirt & apparel printing are WAY too low!! Love it. Churning & burning!!"
"Tailgating today, or is the weather/wind going to ruin it?"
"oh yeah?"
"I have on these \"big-ass headphones\" for a reason. It means leave me alone."
"no read the comments. I promise you.. you have no proof when we clearly do..."
"Wednesday nights this Fall on CW will have new drama #Arrow and #Supernatural! Thursday has #TVD and new show #BeautyandTheBeast!"
"I don't care what you say, I love those Hornets Mardi GRAS uniforms. They are clearly distracting Lin."
"Yes very excited to be there and to learn about what everyone is up to!"
"Go Cav! I wish I was in Paris!"
"If i get n a relationship, n im bring n da bacon, shid u atleast can scrambles some eggs fo a nigga a relationship should be 100/100"
"Thanks bro !:) hahaha"
"I'm at a payphone trying to call home all of my change I've spent on you."
"if you are going to sing a Beatles song, please don't butcher it. First , now"
"Aww thx novs! You were quite impressive yourself :) Fun time at !"
"in the House! The doors just opened ! It's showtime at The Happennings!"
"But you're in such good company! It'll be fun. We hope you're having a great birthday. :)"
"ha! very fun for hudson!"
"So the nifty new camera button on the lock screen in iPhone's iOS5 flipped on in my pocket and drained my battery down to 7%!"
"awh. that's my whole life lol."
"Nerd style of flirting: \"I wish I could select all of your clothes and press delete.\""
"How about a company where you can sell hats to dogs"
"Besides , what other startups are awesome enough to push ToS commits to github? This is how it should be done. cc"
"Normal looking girl. She's cute seems well liked. But then she opens her mouth and becomes ugly."
"\": #ghettocrayolacolors \"who's the daddy?\" mystery color #limitededition\""
"I wish facebook had a way of uploading audio cuz I wanna share stuff I've been working with. aughhhrughgurh if anyone knows how tell me"
"stank ass people smelling like newports and shit"
"RT : Let's be real this shit is kind of spooky. Tupac at"
"#swtc3 very nice simple \"check in\" screen. Progress. Brag. Move on."
"okay bye :)"
"Come see us at the tradeshow booth or look for our street team"
"Congrats to all winners tonight! We also hope you were able to taste our wines being poured at the event."
"Great time at #TEDxSD11 great minds, great people and great ideas! The world IS within our grasp...now do something to change it!!"
"Walmart. Where dreams die."
"#Quote2SpinBy  Success doesn't go to who has the plan, it goes to the 1 who makes an action. RT"
"Hey can I get yours and Taikis number I got a new phone."
"make that ass boucne"
": \"Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.\" - Oscar Wilde"
"story of my life."
"I hate myself for messing things up with you but things happen for a reason right? Right?!"
"DRIMMETTEISM: 7 characteristics of a wise person 1) one does not speak on things one does not know 2) One admits when one doesn't know..."
"A river of blood runs through this timeline. Am I melodramatic to make this claim? If you think so, your timeline ain't like mine..."
"Enjoying an victory with and other friends. What a great day for football!!!"
"Silver spoons have a history of wellness. Perhaps, a silver spoon may produce more effective mental and physical functioning."
"Why is there no other rangoon? Why does crab have a monopoly on rangoon?"
"Who's up i just got up and I'm bored and its raining"
"Wouldn't you love to skip applying eyeliner everyday? Look and the befoe and after photos and think about it."
"heading to telluride next week for the bluegrass fest so cant make it -- tell everyone i said hello!"
"They definitely have the heat on and its the summer!!!"
"seems legit to me"
"Chase on the keeper scores a TD and the Locos increase the lead to 23-3. #ufl 7:58 remaining in the game."
"Beastie Boys will be on all day rotation! RIP #MCA damnit, dying is not cool Beasties!"
"These be some jacken ass niggas out here (nigga keep it real)"
"hey ... what kind of ink do you all use?"
"I'm selling some Black Eyed Peas CDs, you want one? Heard ur a fan"
"Have a nice day Urself ! Hi fr #Ga ~"
"just sent out a hit piece. And it had a QR code. Who uses QR codes? And it was cut off, so it didn't even work..."
"“ Have the will to fight for your potential...”"
"thanks for the invite. </3"
"I miss my brother"
"🍻 cheers to that."
"Clicked it and peeped it. Nice moves Scotty!!! SHAKE IT UP"
"The Militant would like to, but he may or may not have dated outside his unspecified race."
"double-checking all around :D"
": \"Dude just hit 5 free throws and a bank shot from half court to win a new\" -and tix r an acceptable prize 4 us???"
"Soon?! It took about 5 minutes to realize that my productivity would be at about 3% today. Oh, and every day after..."
"lmfao.. yes. sorry): aha. Collin aint here though. aha"
"I saw photos of Yaya DeCosta with her natural blown out and it was so glorious. It made me want to hold on to my length."
"Just be glad it wasn't Zsa Zsa."
"Wake up twits"
"you're a Biotch"
"Where will the music go next?!"
"Thanks for checking in Allison! Are you having a good time with us?"
"\"Some people are only funny when they try to be serious.\" -Nassim Nicholas Taleb from \"The Bed of Procrustes\""
"“: Regional 3-point Contest with .....”do your thing."
"did good on the voice I love that kid and his 'SWAGGIE' I love that but #TeamBieber and"
"if u following me...and I fart do u smell it?"
"So I miss just a couple days on Twitter, and it gets all Alex-centric. Rad."
"I kept falling asleep at my desk, so I decided to go to bed. Now that I'm in bed, I'm wide awake. Grrr."
"Been waiting on that issue for a while Claire huh? :)"
"#stopsayingthat 40 is the new 20 cuz clearly it's not... So when you get 50 what you gonna say?? That's the new 30?"
"totes possible!"
"Dude, GET YOUR ARSE TO COLLEGE."
"Word. RT : Wrote/filed 900 words in less than hour . Thought I was pretty buck then realized sportwriters do that every night."
"your not welcome"
"The day I need my itouch charer I don't bring it -.- lol."
"Natella and pretzels and a gloomy day(:"
"RT : 2 great album releases today! Marilyn Manson's 'Born Villain' & Hurt's 'The Crux'! Make sure to catch Manson here on 5/19..."
"I think meek is the best in mmg *shrugs*"
"Finally.. Refreshed"
"Life's a bitch, and then you die. That's why we get high. Cause you'll never know when you're gonna go."
"Still got dem Gator Andouille Sausages!"
"#DearMonday, Go away."
"Hey Detroit, I need your help. Let's \"adopt a school\" and help our children succeed in life!"
"RT : #tedxpt has a 2nd talk on TED page. Frans de Waal\"s talk went LIVE yesterday. Already at over 100K views!"
"off to bed.. work tomorrow at 6 am"
"Watching hurricane season"
"you better. we're there for you too!"
"Re-watching The Innkeepers! Still scary!"
"Syracuse Basketball Icon Jim Boeheim Joins Cellceutix to Fight Cancer - MarketWatch (press release)"
"Tragedy is a nice reminder that punk is not dead"
"WARNING: a man with night vision goggles is never too far away"
"Love this! Via : Mon sets the tone for your week. Generate repeat & new sales early your likely to have a stud week vs a dud."
"Forrester reports most consumers interact with at least 2 marketing touch points prior to making an online purchase; build a consumer path."
"Hey! I'm not at school! :D"
"This bolis rompope ice cream I'm eating is so good. Omg."
"I can't stand in da way ass niggas"
"check you dm"
"My boobs hurt lik a muthafuckkka"
"the classic James Brown beat traces directly back to New Orleans and Clayton Fillyau (the drummer on Live At The Apollo)"
"me lol & my crew"
"Today only! FREE Marketing and Advertising Tips to help your business success! Visit www.nivula.com and call (866) 536-9257"
"can't I work tomorrow."
"Just left my 2nd favorite restaurant in the world. Big ups Tao Asian Bistro."
"Your team's still doing well overall. They've got the Phillies up next."
"Life is a faith walk not a cake walk......thank you BC."
"Well, watch out Lexington"
"writing the credits for my album. omgosh"
"Vincent sent me. :-)"
"I am sitting in a programming class and am completely lost. I would copy off my teammates but both their computers are in chinese."
"I think a panel in which we respond to all questions with songs is where it's at."
"Follow me Please i Love you My LastName is Garcia #ily #FollowPleaseTony Thanks <3! MUCHLOVE"
"only in Virginia can you be behind a car going 48 on I-95 one min and tailgated by a pickup with confederate tags trying to go 90 the next."
"Dang it you got a picture of james XD I'm going to get Ken Doll then :)"
"If we havent said thank you, THANK YOU for supporting the last Day Party on April 3. The next one is June 5 and it is going to be bananas."
"Tht boy will alwayz have a part of my heart.....my 1 n only true love"
"but why?"
"It's always something"
"Already May 14th... Nice Start to the Monday Morning Drive..."
"Red-eared Slider :)"
"Why would u dump someone by the way they text you??..... childish generation we in.."
"my unpopular position is that a clinical doctorate degree should be the entry level degree in our field"
"Surprised #Summerfest is trending already. Can't think about it yet.. still a few months away. Sounds like some good shows."
"Hey, so I will be in Las Vegas Mon - Friday. What should I do!? Eat!? What!???"
"I'm so thankful we all have this great social media platform to express all of the things we are thankful for. Damn. I'm out of characters."
"i could"
"i should Get a plaque in my honor next to all new infrastructure projects for my help i funding such projects"
"ha and necessity."
"Laughing at dumb laffy taffy jokes 😂"
"would you rather have a magical unicorn that can fly or fairy odd parents?"
"I'm recovering from a bunch of stuff! And I've missed seeing you - and lots of folks! Slowly getting back into it."
"Twitter stop bein mean-.-"
"And spare me the bullshit about Joe \"I heart Glenn Beck\" Lieberman and Bernie \"Keep Gitmo Open\" Sanders."
"“Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.”"
"Providing FREE Nationwide Referrals of Expert Witness Services and Medical Expert Witness Services to Attorney's!! www.freereferral.com"
"oh yeah. Word!"
"Canter's for breakfast. Could Jew do any better?"
"My fave story as a kid was not Cinderella or something, It was The Cobbler and the Elves. I still wish an elf will do my work while I sleep."
"Boat day to #loverskey Ft. Myers Florida."
"rigt here we somekin u right now lmao WORK"
"soon come my brudda....trust me. everything is being knocked down in an orderly fashion."
"Eating an entire loaf of just-out-of-the-oven orange-lemon-dark-chocolate-cranberry bread."
"CF-Bro I should say"
"Not trying to be rude, but your dick gets less action, then a white crayon."
"Hey fast food companies, stop adding \"bowl\" to previously existing foods and trying to persuade us that it's a new food"
"I'm supporting #cancer awareness on #curepals,"
"I kinda sorta have a crush on a boy."
"nice little rivalry between border schools (first sweep since 95-96 I think) is storm worthy, don't you think?"
"This last month of school is going slower than the whole year did 😒"
"just realized I can follow Gucci Mane, life is so good"
"Cooking eggs like a boss."
"thanks for the RT ;)"
"Gotta root for the Big 12. Better teams in the conference means better bowl opportunities. I'll be rooting for OU tomorrow."
"crazy to think that all the ppl i met up here. i prob. wont see more than half of them again in my life"
"holy smokes You're not kiddin'"
"It's gonna be a long day."
"Driving home.. cruise control on, legs crisscrossed, now tweeting hahahah"
"that's what's up"
"Please cite sources. No major political outlets have your statement."
"Going out to have some Groundhog beer with my \"Kiss me I'm Groundhog\" shirt on. I love holidays!"
"\"Loved\" by few. \"Hated\" by many. \"Untouchable\" by all."
"It's finally my day off. Gotta catch up on Fridays Clone Wars show."
"#bizforum Digital Lumberjacks sounds like a great book title :)"
"We are releasing a new short video in the very near future."
"In 1947 #BingCrosby invested $50k in the #Ampex company, which built North America's 1st commercial reel-to-reel tape recorder."
"last night in italy!"
"and a response! Usually only steve responds... Thus making u the shit ha :-)"
"Only 7 days to enter the recipe contest and a chance to win that Holland Grill! Don't wait, enter today. Voting will start May 1st."
"Oh snap! I see now :)"
"will both pokerstars and FTP pros be represented in the FPL?"
"Praying for the pg police officer who died apparently yesterday"
"-Papi, we made cookies today in class. I brought you some -You made them? Did you put poison or something? -...I was the dishwasher"
"We hope everyone had a lovely day! #ValentinesDay love!"
"Hey folks, seems we're having some trouble with the ticket system. We'll let you know as soon as it's back up!"
"it was a typo!"
"Y am I so bad @ going 2 sleep early? I'm still wide awake! Probably not good if I want 2 get up @ 5am"
"charterization /market approach requires testing.You don't like testing, but you like market approach."
"yes it is?"
"Scandalous kids these days."
"Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom"
"#spiceworld is on... Who said Monday's sucked?"
"That's worthy of a new hash tag / meme-thing...:"
"do I send my presentation to you?"
"Did you know: 72 percent of Americans (that drink soda) drink coke while eating."
"U not a bad chick if u got bad credit lol"
"The best is yet to come..."
"A half truth, like half a brick, is always more forcible as an argument than a whole one. It carries better. -- Stephen Leacock"
"in this case I am the one desperately asking 4 fixes as the site went live w/o necessary cleanup due to accreditation timeline :("
"someone's car alarm is going off outside and sending me insane!!!"
"More importantly, we does Gallardo suck bad vs them? “: Why do you think the Brewers continue to struggle against the Cardinals?”"
"What is with CeeLo and his cat?! (Yes, I'm still watching The Voice. Shut up.)"
"stabbing at Portland's Day Labor center on MLK. One person hurt. How it happened - any arrests - KOIN TV at 4pm"
"OMG I HAVE THT SAME PROBLEM an i have a pic of him im gona send with it and i was wondering if he would sign it idk what toDO"
"Struggling to get out of bed to go to school when I actually don't have to. :/ my bed feels so darn good!"
"Employers are required to post notices to all employees of their rights under the laws EEOC enforces"
"#nba fans should boycott the nba and their sponsors until the fans get a break and a piece of the pie with lower ticket sales"
"Its a beautiful day throughout the great state of Georgia; from Lookout Mountain to Plains to Savannah's River Street."
"This is me. RT : \"Sacrificers\" like to overwork but don't feel appreciated. Show them some love to keep positivity up."
"now I am even more jealous! ;)"
"lol why? The waiter avoided our table"
"For building muscles & bulk the rest time between sets should be longer. For more endurance & leaner muscles the rest time is shorter."
"Sterile, neutral, art fair art...though still some great things here and there."
"we'll do something else next time :p"
"TIME TO NUT UP OR SHUT UP"
"How long will it take for the ball just knocked into the middle of a backyard to show up on eBay?"
"EL CENTRO, UNT, UTA, SMU, & THE ART INSTITUTE. Everything about any other college, TRASH :)"
"im doing well..and you?"
"I would say the global message of all ads on this bus is \"CONTROL\" diabetes, terrorism & the flu. But then there's the #wmata ad."
"thanks :D"
"Am I the only one who thinks Peyton made a horrible decision going to Denver? Was San Fran not a perfect fit?"
"Purple City All Day!!"
"it's one of them."
"How does AZ match up to FL for #SpringTraining!"
"- Use to send REAL drinks, shots, & cocktails to friends & even yourself! Best part is the drink costs $1.00"
"shut up! "
"Wait is Cody Simpson dating Kylie Jenner?"
"Something's getting in the way. Something's just about to break. I will try to find my place in the diary of jane."
"I really can't wait to be at church this morning! I love seeing you all (Epic Church)! See ya there!"
"just pay it forward. when you get out of school and your all smart and what not, and someone needs your help.. make time for them."
"yo if we have tickets to downlink at the music box, do we get in to your show? or how does that work?"
"Fina blow n grab dis bk"
"55% off dry cleaning on www.crowdclick.com!!!"
"Are you annoyed by the constant smudges of fingerprints on your smartphone? Great new product that you can brand with your company logo!"
"RT : Tupac is not really dead, or technology is crazy, either way I'm bugging out. #Tupacisback ?😳"
"24 the number you sent me is my favorite number(: i love your bio, name, && tweets. we should talk more(:"
"Shush it"
"I came home from school to a fully-charged iPod with a brand new case. #ThatsRare #ThanksMom (:"
"Just cried to my mom"
"It's Sunday... let 'em toot away."
"you know you love this life."
"I love your openness 😊"
"and now Noah just got injured"
"At the crib antisapating my departure"
"meh you live pretty far away lol"
"Tonight my dream are not letting me sleep!!!! It's 1:30 am and I am day dreaming and dreaming big!!! #dream do"
"\"like\" button."
"Finished putting grades in* *two students are holding up two classes, for very good reasons."
"I don't have to be up this early every day, but I choose to wake up because I'm determined to push myself harder."
"My mom says I'm a catch."
"that's my favorite one"
"I know the feeling. My \"to read\" list is like 150 books. That's like 3-4 years of reading."
"\": *News Bulletin* Anyone \"claiming\" to be a #SADE fan who does NOT have OR heard of [LOVE DELUXE] should Log Off NOW!\"<~AGREED!"
"Help me get more followers?(:"
"Okay.....+ What ever = fuck you"
"I have run both marathons. How much fun they were."
"They called me and ask if I really wanted French (which I didn't) I wanted fat free ranch. Good looks buths!"
"Dear Subaru, Please never stop making commercials involving dogs doing people things. Gets me every time!"
"Nice to see the afternoon show taking joy in the Brewers woes."
"aw man thanks! You'd write a better one though."
"did you end up getting a job with the Rangers? I never heard after your interview."
"When your told,\" your an adult, you can make yo own decision\" your usually expected to make the right one!"
"Check out our new vid on our website! At TragedyCalledTruth.com !"
"are you here tomorrow? i will be around - stop by"
"Okay. It's Friday. Don't forget to back up."
"McGarrigle's tix available on thurs!!Get them while you can..VERY limited amount!!Gonna be a big celebration.."
"Lifted on some morning tea. Smells like a gas leak in ear."
"if you can get me to 200 followers i will follow back and i will love you forever"
"I loved the library and really liked the people I met, and the scenery driving back down to SF was lovely."
"“: ...bad weather tonight and possibly some hail, looks like car is staying in #///Mproblems” I heard that"
"Yessir. Hella work on the production man. Dig it. - Rome"
"It's good to be back..."
"Obama not letting his children watch Keeping Up with the Kardashians is the best policy he's put in place since taking office."
"6500 people attend #AAA2011. And pretty much all of them think Gov. Rick Scott is a jerk."
"The are going to win tonight cuz"
"\"you can't get something for nothing\""
"thanks homie. It's been good."
"well they aren't voting for Obama so they're called racists by the left"
"When I grow up I want to be like Ip Man"
"that's what I'm doing! Minus the hiccups. And also add mountain dew."
"congrats to u and ur family!!!"
"i know the longest word in the dictionary...be scared"
"8 weeks....8 WEEKS?!?! Ah!!! Time to put my bikini order in & fine tune meals & water! What an adventure! #EmeraldCup2012 👙👍"
"are you a chopped salad guru? which other ones in chicago do you love?"
"Have a good Easter Break everyone! We will open back up on Tuesday."
"Happy Hump Day folks! Another gorgeous day here in the Mile High City! A perfect day to look at real estate!"
"5% off all sales over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 to place your orders and use the promo code 8267."
"griffin lounge is cute... Ok"
"#ThingsBoredPeopleDo go crazy an start laughing out of no where"
"well I domed you. I dont want to tweet it."
"sure thing! looking forward to tweeting!"
"Coffee makes sense and cents makes dollars. www.ogoverview.com"
"Played hooky tonight. It felt amazing."
"That's a great pic! I love that you like A Walk To Remember."
"we've been burning all these trees & limbs in a giant pile in our field, now I smell like a campfire :)"
"It's called \"Personal Training\", I take the time to get to know you and your fitness needs."
"#Twitter lists can be great tool to manage followers so you can read more easily."
"Are we beefing?"
"#YouKnowItsRealWhen post exactly what u thinking...."
"THERE SHOULD BE LOL~ RT : Is there a 24 hour vibrator delivery service?"
"Congratulations 2 all 4 successful Chief Strategy Officer Summit-IE Group! Huge turnout! Your best, Mark!!"
"you must be thinking of #DRROSSLENCE me too"
"that's real sadd. And the police talkin dumb shit, stand ur ground rule. That nigga was following him. Neighborhood watch my ass"
"I'm stealing this from ESPN today, but I'd love to know your answer. What matchup would you most like to see in the Super Bowl?"
"On my jacket"
"OHMIGOSH OSSM. Must see! Word on the street: \"liberal.\" :P"
"Thanks, I like your website design. Do you develop cloud software or only help integrate it into a company's infrastructure?"
"RIP Adam Yauch"
"Great ways to share a story: humor works. So does celebrating altruism."
"My baby njoyd his bday...omg he is really 7"
"...plus ordering some new CKBC swag which will be available in exchange for money in the brew house shortly...and eventually on our website."
"$7.78 tab from \"free\" public library trip w/kids: $5.75 in overdue fees, $2 worth of used books and 3 wishes in the fountain."
"school started a week ago and there is a guy in my science class that looks like the iconic boyz louis"
"Day totally derailed by Coming to America on VH1. It's the law: if this movie is on, it must be watched."
"Hope Your BDay was Badass... Which I'm sure it was!!"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIDDO!! LALALALALA!!"
"That was a decieving headline."
"Welcome to our family!"
"Merry Christmas!"
"and i still meant everything i said"
"man look! ... miss me with the bullshit. thanks."
"thanks for the mention!"
"you'll be all right, big man. In a few short days you'll be playing basketball with Our Hero."
"google+ hangouts for museum visitors: yes or no?"
"RT : Nail polish chips on one finger, then I have to take them all off. 😡"
"Can't wait til I get put on!"
"the site looks GREAT!"
"if you find out could you please tell me? i'll do the same x"
"So sick of this place"
"Gotta B Kushed up through da holidays. it's the only way 2 bring 2012 n"
"Coming home today from work haven�t ever felt so fucking good.Now amazing music,hot shower, good food and something good from Mr. Palahniuk."
"Happy Thanksgiving. Thanks to all for your continued support of Studio 4 Art!!"
"ugh yur almost in high school how is this possible & i have no clue how to get there lmfaaaaaaooo"
"HAHAHAHAHA That stripper rumor about you was 2 months ago! Jake&Brandon made it up LMFAOOOO! \"JadenTheCandian\" Was da name!"
"hey girl! Follow me back on instagram :p"
"| Thanks for the shout out!"
"Good quinces practice:))but i swear this ppl better get their act together cuz they been so damn annoyin:))"
"he's friendly and loves women. Good deal for me."
"Just woke up bouta go to sleep"
"i like it when valentine's falls on a Sunday..."
"it was funny>>>>good #thinking :)"
"If someone doing \"Right Thing\" & stands firm in their beliefs/resolve, no amount of ridicule/verbal persecution will stop them!"
"What a terrible, hollow feeling it is to find out that a person from your high school class has died. We are all on a boat."
"Words don't exist for my feelings. Oh."
"It's amazing how someone you thought you knew completely, can become a complete stranger in a matter of seconds."
"I love mine."
"Da #Bears at No. 19 three-way mock: Chandler Jones or Dre Kirkpatrick or Dont'a Hightower."
"Minnesota has the highest no. of museums per capita of all the states."
"extremely pissed my plans are ruined. immediately flips over a table a couch and a chair"
"Patience over anxiety/ It's hard to remember the/ Love that sprang from simplicity/ Is harder to maintain ~"
"You're running Workbench 3?"
"I just dont see the value proposition here. You?"
"i'm dying. i can't wait!"
"Awww....thanks so much! RT Can I just say... I LOVE working with the folks at the Prado."
"Enjoy your #MLKDay!"
"Church Was So Good Last Nite!!"
"826 Valencia is amazing programs and amazing people. Congrats on 10 years!"
"I forgot dads bracelet again! :( I hate this feeling! :("
"Okay, what's with the huge fire southwest of downtown Milwaukee?"
"Just came back from yoga. It's just amazing how good it makes you feel :))"
"We have a social media policy. One of the first things we decided to do. We will constantly update & review w firm members. Cc"
"who do you root for when duke plays state?"
"i'm in your neighborhood. Can i drop by? Address?"
"please just marry me already. its bound to happen sooner or later."
"I was caught up in his lust"
"Stay grounded. There are already enough air heads who are full of it."
"It's like I'm 7 again and the Easter Bunny is comingin the am. Happy #walkergate!"
"People are dancing and making out. Last time I was here, I made out with two different girls!"
"Join the Text You Movement - all around the world people are joining just by adding their name to their contact list on their cell"
"So funny, I forgot to laugh....."
"and Belieber here: The word I most love to tell you guys \"I love you guys my other loves\" PLEASEE answer me."
"The Greyjoys seem to think that if you scream \"I'm a dick\" loudly enough, no one can be mad at you for being a dick."
"--> RT : I'm tired. I have an early meeting tomorrow. I should go to bed. So, I'm going out for a beer."
"Thanks! We had a GREAT weekend! How was yours?"
"don't pay attention to those types of comments b/c you're amazing, its great that your following yur dreams :D ily<3"
"Ready for a nice vacation. Something simple like a chalet in gatlinburg Tennessee with the family."
"Lil wayne killed it tonite! Great $ spent. Can't wait til he cmes back!! Never dwn play blo we show much love"
"naw I'm on your side on this one cuz I want u guys back together & u try to talk to Mireya for me cuz u guys close friends."
"Uh stale bread and mead?"
"Nice! I have the grey wolf-warrior (used to be called navajo) and it's gorgeous! The brown bear is my all-time fave though!"
"So love that you are here and loving on Portland this weekend!!!"
"hahahahhaa So funny! I'm a homewrecker! Worst backslider ever."
"If you could make one wish for mother's worldwide, what is it? Send us your answers via videos, photos, comments using"
"Yes, I'm a big fan of hardwood floors too!"
"Tim are you coming up to NY and I don't know about it?"
"Astros trade Quintero and Bourgeois. Yes, to another major league team. Well, the Royals, so it's debatable."
"I missed the \"and Reggie Miller is also in the house tonight\""
"If you don't trust someone, don't be with them."
"Don't know yet, I think imma just go in undecided. wbu ?"
"Thanks to all the Bancroft Library staff for the yummy holiday party food and drink!"
"I find it funny that Gov. Chris Christie vetoed gay marriage in New Jersey when he clearly looks like a man who enjoys eating sausages."
"stay schemin and yellow diamonds is so loud the windows breathing"
"One time for the"
"When I ask you to listen to a song, it`s because the lyrics mean everything I`m trying to say to you."
"agreed regarding the ending to ME2 - the 2nd part of a Trilogy always ends with a bucket of lame. But yes, still awesome."
"how much are tickets now that the venue has changed???"
"I hate how my retail job is consuming most of my life. I need to make more money NOW but with something else."
"Maybe I should rephrase - what about during the reception? I've done that with other guests. Or I think I have..."
"I chase perfection"
"Going bowling with my Baby!!!"
"Likewise! And I'm glad you recognize that it was God. He kept you here for a reason. Find out and fulfill your divine purpose."
"so what we gonna eat??"
"I am so busy. But not too busy for you!"
"I think battle of the GPAs will be if plays Stanford. PS, I liked your top yesterday, very vibrant."
"Our contest is not only whether we ourselves shall be free, but whether there shall be left to mankind an asylum on earth for ci"
"mine too! It's so good!"
"Knows the UES literary underground. Snuggling up with my illicit finds even as we speak."
"come home!!!! I can keep u company!!"
"Thanks for the Rts & mentions!"
"thanks for the follow."
"TSOI-NY just left OMD. If u Missed, u b retahrded. Great Great show."
"Fans are going to support Austin until the day they get bored or decided to leave. But Mahomies will be holding Austin's hand forever."
"I hope everyone is having a great lunch...."
"Iam really like that song Mercy# mr west did his thang on that one"
"At the airport about to board for Seattle..."
"the crowds are what make spring break what it is!!"
"The high unemployment rate is a sign of a government controlled workforce and a mindset of non-self-reliance"
"RT : BREAKING NEWS: After watching his performance against Liverpool, Bayern Munich are to appeal John Terry's CL final..."
"Happy Monday!! Had an awesome weekend!!"
"- thanks for the mentions!"
"my timeline is hella boring right now"
"Trust God to do the impossible!"
"Rt: Goodbye MCA, we will dearly miss your old-school flow."
"Do anything to feed da fam"
"tomorrow is saturday and sunday comes after"
"RT : I think this might be the strongest defensive lineup the Lakers have, even if Kobe was healthy."
"\"ugh my banana isn't ripe enough\""
"\"Like\" the Rock With Barack Facebook page! *ad"
"Well, you can say what you want But it won't change my mind..."
"Watching wizards of waverly place :D I just love you so much!"
"Thank You for the follow. Check out my friend DJ !"
"You can choose a ready guide in some celestial voice. If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice."
"Thanks,you sure got it!"
"\" Karma: It's as simple as this~ Whatever you do comes back to you. \""
"im special I got 3 #FF's from you today! <33 :)"
"One of megan's clients told us how much he loves her as he left yesterday,we love it when that happens, it's nice to be reminded we rock."
"wow,your a asshole!!"
"U FUCKING DECIDE TO ASSIGN ME A 4 PAGE LONG RESEARCH PAPER AT THE DAMN END OF THE YEAR?!?! i hate u...."
"ok tia. You sound like your buddy richard"
"Good night to everyone"
"How'd it get so cold in #SanDiego? I put away all my winter clothes already! Come back, come back sun!"
"Now you know you're officially back!"
"Let me see your true colors."
"Jaimie Cloud will facilitate a breakout session @ the 2nd Annual Green Schools Conference - Denver, CO | Feb 27 - 29. Hope to see you there!"
"#Genychat We also have to do our part to earn the trust and opportunities. Actions speak louder than words!"
"damn u don't show them hoes no love lol"
"Dude drive down here and we can get some redneck glamour shots with large blue eyelashes and a ton of gauze effects."
"yes please"
"2 my fam Thanks for ur donation #SEIPDX u guys r awesome!"
"Begin to wonder if laviolette's message is starting to go muted in locker room. 4 yrs with the team and no progress."
"\"O it's a hollow feeling , when it comes down to dealing friends \""
"ohh that's cool! :)"
"Finally decided to go Corp. liable (they don't reimburse personal plans). Saving myself $86 a month, and getting a 4S! AT&T 4 4sale..."
"We love rockin your day! :) RT listening to your band at work and its as if you're playing in my office. pretty awesome!"
"hey Sasha"
"too bad the Orioles are playing the Rockies in Baltimore this year."
"Doesn't matter if I'm thin or fat, long hair or short, or what I'm wearing. It happens with some regularity."
"A plancharme el pelo o o o o o o o o o o o o o"
"Absolutely. I have 3 kiddos in CitySchools! ;o) They are worth 5¢ RT : speaks in favor of bottle tax increase"
"That bitch be my stuffing... Like we really be fucking !!!"
"Staring at the world through my review competition there is none B.E.T.awards Oct.1st we in the building where u gon be haters kill yaself"
"well. I think the has some great spots right inside! Ask the front desk for those details."
"Can not believe some of the stories in s book....can't put it down"
"I feels bro... I love everything electronic! I've been practicing in FL Studio."
":( at least I get to tell everyone about the awesome artist that painted them."
"Survived my first personal training session today despite feeling under the weather and having a sore arm from a tetanus shot."
"Just read your tweet. Seeing the nine is going to take a lot of getting used to after reading so much \"We want 8.\""
"Totally unmovie related: Anyone else watching the Stanley Cup Playoffs? Great time of year!"
"I still have an ant farm, only because I like tiny produce."
"RT : There's a huge difference between giving up and knowing you had enough."
"Writing and tracking is about 95% complete. Still a few odds and ends to finish up this week."
"Thank you casting team for rocking out our NBC House Transformers show - you are all amazing!"
"American airlines stranding people delays Dallas foe ten minutes no options rest day? They should hold flights their error seriously bad ser"
"Any chance we might see the ability to challenge people to two games? One where you have initiative; the other where they do?"
"Jennifer Birdwell, contratulations on all of your new team members! Great week!"
"We CAN respond to behavior, require responsibility and accountability. Kids are suffering. Inaction is unacceptable."
"\"Children imitating cormorants are even more wonderful than cormorants.\" True dat, Issa!"
"totally. i can't wait to drink all of it."
"dusttyyy is crazy talking guests... you not bula n I'm not hazel! Hello!"
"As of 2 hours ago, HMG made the switch from PC to Mac! :D"
"“: That awkward moment when you show someone something really funny & they don’t think it’s funny at all.”this 1 goes out to"
"RT : for at with some great colleagues! Come out and support tonight!"
"72 degrees outside today. woo!"
"Why do I let something so little get to mee ?"
"I'm getting tired of politically scewed news."
"Iowa Craft Beer Fans: Don't miss out on the at the , much like the awesome at the"
"Wishing the Fantastic and Amazing a Very Happy Birthday! May GOD BLESS You with the Best, Amit Ji! You are an inspiration!!!! :)"
"Manager offered me paul mccartney tickets.... ah I passed!!"
"Lets not start. I'll have to get and involved."
"I'm Bored…Who Wants To Talk"
"Dear Grove: when I type \"Wagner\" into the search bar, want to take a wild guess as to who I am searching for? Hint: he's not Belarusian."
"#flyers tonight but laundry now"
"All this hurricane talk is annoying. It's coming, prepare and wait. Otherwise leave. No reason to panic."
"For some reason has decided she hates me, we arent friends, & never wants to talk to me *lays down in street & waits to die*"
"Are you following these artists?"
"Come to our show tonight in Miami at Churchills, starts at 8:30pm! RT! www.facebook.com/iatfofficial"
"don't tweet and \"drive'"
"rat ass niggaz sweet like kandy remind me of brandy wanna b dwn ass niggaz"
"Is is hip or back pain? Hip pain is largely in the groin and not in the back."
": people believe \"if information is important it will find me\""
"-- Memphis would have been nice to see"
"*gathers posse*"
"Windows down :)"
"Happy Wednesday Oakland!"
"I'm SHUNNED by some because they can't figure out who running shit, Its the Guy with his thumb by his chest - Index points 2 my"
"That just really pissed me off! anyone who knows me would instantly know if I come to them with a problem it shan't be simple"
"Derrick Rose now Thierry Henry. Aw lawd, they come in threes. Who's next? Probably... Ooh , time for chicken."
"RT : Shout out too for giving me a green band aid (:"
"you're doing the intern program too?"
"Today is the first day of the rest of this mess."
"Automatic Home standby generators starting at $ 99.00 Call now 317.24POWER"
"It's gonna be hot..."
"lmao. I am. I star and produce my own private flicks. Ya dig!!! Lol."
"a cookie?! Okay!!"
"Trudy Cathy White at B lunch, \"It's not the duration of your life that is important, but the donation.\""
"You ever run around doing lots of stuff to put off doing what you really need to do?"
"I like it"
"woof! RT Excited to take & to Pups in the Park game next Sat. benefiting"
"The events of our lives happen in a sequence of time, but in their significance to ourselves, they find their own order."
"loser ;b"
"On a positive note, the only team doing well in this entire place is our opponents."
"...that's what she said?"
"Trying to talk to someone about something serious and they want to flip shit, give half answers and etc,.. Aggravates me"
"This is my 3rd time getting stiches this year -.-"
"11:35 accordign to the time stamp on your tweet."
"have to wonder what an ice cream truck is doing out in october...."
"Damn, this bee story is all over my feed now. Okay, save the bees, the yummy veggies, etc. I'm a bee-phobe, but I'm a team player."
"I have no clue.."
"Charisma on Level 4 plays with me."
"The pillars of Brand Equity : Credibilty Leadership Uniqueness & Relevance - if all strong drives referral & pricing power"
"what does that mean??"
"On the flip side, Orson Welles would be a shrewd replacement for Mike Mayock."
"I WISH!"
"and let's take this convo off twitter perhaps??"
"And it would be fascinating to talk with him over lunch. Next week I'll be in Pauillac while he's in Bordeaux. Bummer."
"Do you know that our soul is composed of harmony? -Leonardo DaVinci"
"Good luck to Towson women's lax this weekend against Penn State."
"haha lucky you"
"Linkin Park on iTunes festival today-- sweet!"
"Seeking to interview atlanta area brides (recently married counts) using innovative ways to save on wedding gown. Email:"
"GROSS RT : Would you be willing to take an injectable drug to get an instant tan? #Melanotan on"
"had a great date day with Kipp: started with some shopping, then a relaxing duo massage, then watched The Help at the movie theatre!"
"Hey Sam, never heard back from ya about trading food for Internet marketing work. We're game if you are!"
"Just got done wit pizza and wings its not delivery its digiorno next paperplane time"
"Each one of us has a responsibility on this earth plane to open up and live our divine aspect."
"Tonight is going to be one to remember. Happy Cinco De Mayo 🎉😜😁🍻🍺"
"RT : If we take ourselves too seriously as leaders, we block our ability to be creative"
"Mee too ,, It took over my bed so im sleeping on the floor tonight ! LOL ;D"
"Cabinets and Toilets are all 50% off at the Clark County Store for a limited time...we're overstocked! Come get yours before it's too late!"
"she's pretty badass"
"Responded to FIRE @ 610 Trinity Ave, Bronx, NY 10455. Red Cross auto update."
"So happy that one of my favorite Albums of ALL Time is finally being re-issued on Vinyl!!"
"Glad to hear it, we need to swim"
"THIS GAME WAS SO MUCH BETTER WHILE I WAS AT WORK"
"Money make me cum , money money make me cum !!"
"yeah im not going to honors night. screw it"
"Congrats for being recognized for their Outstanding Scholarship Plan at the Annual Greek Awards!"
"And lie for wat? I jus don't understand"
"Having lunch at Rooney's with a handsome man watching my team UNC!! Go Tarheels!!"
"I'm starting to think that everyone on is Canadian. ?"
"You know you really care about someone when something happens to them."
"That is just to discredit a person so they can continue to abuse and use and increase their wealth."
"Oh, it'll snow, but it's nothing us New Englanders haven't seen before!"
"you got a phone ? And you don't hit a nigga up damn bro lol"
"Nutmeg is a cat after my own heart."
"is rocking facebook today! I give her a perfect 10. And a gold star. And a fluffalump but not a weasel."
"get Timmy a lawyer cuz tonight he killed it"
"Facebook and politics go together like John Edwards and politics."
"audience stuffed with Gingrich Fans?"
"what's the web address?"
"Tweaking my new site for me and other things."
"The homeless is still homeless, the poor is still poor, yet we find millions of dollars to fund senseless wars"
"First at #MTMDC and now at #socialmediaproblems? Looks like great minds tweet alike :-)"
"The #BFDailyWord is - atavism (noun) (AT-uh-viz-um) - recurrence of or reversion to a past style, manner, outlook, approach, or activity"
"“: Ray Allen sucks. #NBA” ~ lmao"
"But when you're with your friends it's like I don't exist."
"is one of our favorite bars in the world! They have many specialties, but their infusions are truly incredible."
"I'm bout to renew it tomorrow!"
"....big girls r fun, but they just can't run is what somebody said 2 me this morning!!!!! Hahahahahahahahahahah!"
"Good night Lady!"
"Africa test."
"Awake- about to get ready for a 5K fundraiser in Miami # AreasonToRun"
"My phone battery died and I could not find the back up. Found it! So here comes a ton of tweets from me =D"
"sorry to have missed meeting you irl at"
"I'm loving the fact that this year's #fantasydraft league is just PPVs. Scoring every #RAW and #SmackDown was a major drag."
"I'm with Reese. Overboard will always perk you up."
"don't worry, you didn't miss anything; stuff you already know I assume"
"Basketball game! :) with"
"Good thing they never change the tests in NYS for value added."
"Snuck out for the first time.... But my mom knew... Does that count??"
"hey girl hey!"
"This magnificent and universal injunction to strive for the attainment of the perfection of divinity is the first duty of all ...\""
"Its only takes one to put you on the right course don't be blinded... Play hard mi frenzy... Play hard!!! <3<3<3"
"If you want to make the world a better place, take a look at yourself then make that change….MJ Shine On Brother!"
"In which we find ourselves at... ritters. On a tuesday night. And neither of us drunk enough for this to be acceptable."
"My clicker finger seems to work, but my brain won't start!"
"ask that question."
"Teachers are viral - in a good way, says Tim Brady of on tech tools & apps."
"Hold the bitch , jus sold the bitch , fuck you pay me what i told the bitch . ;D"
"America's Got Talent :D"
"beautiful day, connecting with new people!"
"What's good brotha. I see you out on the road killin it."
"what was better, the pass or the catch???"
"Take One for the Team! AP reports Luis Suarez #URU banned for 1 game for blatant handball to stop Ghana's Extra Time Header"
"Pu-er Tea is known to help lower blood cholesterol levels."
"Something inspiring to watch while I scan the job boards. Mountains can be scaled."
"A big thank you to all the rushes who came out tonight to bowl with the brothers of #UBAKPsi! We hope you had a lot of fun!"
"The basic fact about human existence isnt that it is a tragedy but that it is a bore It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line"
"as you should - what amazing news :) good job Mom!"
"Im thinging of the old Times in the kindergarten :)"
"Chapman desperately needs a dank, go-to breakfast spot."
"Thanks for the link to 's post on info leakage!"
"Wish I could take the credit, but our guys did a great job. Thanks."
"One nice thing about tea vs coffee is that you can quickly walk down the hall spilling everywhere and it doesn't really show up on carpet"
"That is harsh... he needs therapy man..."
"How are you liking Twitter so far?"
"The winners of #csimilwaukee can now either take the vacation or $1,000 cash equivilent"
"I am sorta craving iHop right now"
"It was in the box. The first one was outside. Tremendous talent and potential."
"\"Sometimes in life you have to suck.\" #wordsofwisdom from 😂☺😁👌"
"You owe it to yourself to find out as much as you can about the top paying nursing careers."
"so right!"
"cant wait til Jan issue RT : you should put Austin in your magazine ;)"
"We look forward to meeting you as well!"
"What if clothes were never invented? Would ppl possibly then take care of their bodies uh ewe! I just frew up"
"and yet you still love winelibraryTV"
"Wishing my hubby Ernie a happy birthday today!"
"mothers day gift: coasters or serving tray made out of wine corks? WHICH ONE!"
"ASDFGHJKL ITS DICK! ;D"
"hey, - Michelle just reminded me that we met you before we moved here. While we were in Madison. dude..."
"selling BBQ sauce to a woman in white gloves is very easy for you."
"How long does it take to get hot water from the sink if your are from #Alaska?? does anybody know??? it takes 10min here"
"It just hit me that today is officialy my last day of high school. I don't know it I should cry or jump for joy. :/"
"Everybody this a fake twitter so all yall who was talkin to rahrahnicole your gay cuz it was a boy talkin to yo ass biotches"
"hey where have u been? hiding off twitter...."
"Well there is one right over by wal greens that might be why they took it out haha"
"thank you!!!"
"Thanks ! Had a BLAST! so proud to be a WOU wolf!!"
"There should have been a tribute for Amy Winehouse."
"I wanted Tony to win, but Jermaine was definitely my next choice. #happytweet 😌"
"Can I get ur email so I can send u screenshots of the problems I'm having? See my message to you on AngelList. Thanks."
"woo happy bday jess!! we can see from those beautiful flowers that you must be getting spoilt!"
"Dnt worry be happy"
"My man is sick, drank too much... o well he knows better."
"Yes Tyson Chandler, a kung-fu knee to the chest is still called a foul in the NBA... at least for now."
"Gonna go to the gym and do some HIIT training!! High Intense Interval Training...SO PUMPED!!!!"
"Hosting the radio broadcast today from Buffalo Gap on SW Macadam in John's Landing. #Blazer Dancers will be here soon."
"you are NOT white"
"What's so Messed up is that ma celebrates tweet ma ppl but that never happen to me that's so much head !!! So messed up urg !!!"
"How did you learn to do a flip? Do you think you learned it well enough to teach others?"
"Four pages to go, this will be fun!"
"My Cats cant win them all. Credit to Indiana."
"A solution is a process that benefits ALL who may be affected by it. If a 'solution' helps some but harms others, that is not a solution."
"And oh my dreams It's never quite as it seems Cause you're a dream to me Dream to me"
"wait the game is starting now i didn't know sheesh"
"'bikeportland.org' is in the headline, and there is no story on the KATU page, but rather a link directly to yours...."
"Is there anyone I can talk to about catering?"
"Billions but i know what you mean. :-)"
"forever 21 maybe?"
"I want more freedom, but that's too vague. The question is what will I do with my free time?"
"Happy 9,400th tweet <33 Maybe ill hit the big 10 by the weekend? :D"
"Got $50 from recycling. Hell yeah"
"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road... #greatalbum It is in my top ten all time..."
"Going on a #ziptrip? Need some winter driving tips? Look no further: www.zipcar.com/zipsafely"
"Short Taiwan stock market again tonight."
"I'm going to be a touch late...Aaahh, finals week..."
"omg i was messing around with this program and changed the pitch of a nickelback song and it sounded like a GOOD FEMALE SINGER"
"Class sounds awesome, can't wait."
"Thanks for stopping by and speaking to our #NLCAtlanta class today!"
"shouldn't it be \"we ain't new..\"?"
"lmaoo man not because I'm always smiling n happy don't try to mess with me"
"I am ridiculously proud of my packing efforts this weekend. One medium duffle + large purse = easy, breezy me!"
"Where are you now, when I need you around."
"My inner and outer thighs are screaming from pilates. :) time to enjoy the new bathtub."
"What is everyone doing this weekend?? Tweet us your #fancy plans!"
"#Madison only! Mention this post in the store and receive a free St. Patrick's Day gift :) Today only!"
"Mac Q: I'm running OS X 10.6.8. Want to sort an entire volume by file size to find my largest files. Is there an app for that? #mac Thanks."
"I've seen your flag on the marble arch but love is not a victory march it's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah"
"Watching 30 Clubs in 30 Days with Viggle Thu | 11 | MLB Get real rewards just for watching TV."
"woohoo!!! Thank you!!! Let's do something soon!!!"
"Heh, yeah it's not exactly a blast but I do feel better & I'm almost done! Pretty proud of myself for sticking it out."
"I;M GONNNAAAAAAAAAA"
"I'm going to start a national charity holiday. Anyone have any ideas for it? -Lawes"
"goin? Goin where? I dunno where I'm goin but ill send U a postcard when I get there\" -"
"Looks like it's going to be a good DAY AUSTIN!"
"7 Eleven serves all kinds of breakfast foods at any time of the day for comparably low prices"
"Great seeing you, as always!"
"chill son. I wasn't cheering for them. My squad is out. So I'm rooting for , he'll get a ring before does."
"All the Facebook talk can be overwhelming so stick to the basics. Make sure you have a Facebook \"like\" box on your website!!"
"wtf who even says that? Smh"
"RT : #sopa may be dead but the driving forces behind it are not, they will try to sneak this into legislation again"
"since both of you asked me the same question one of my stores is staying open! So now I won't loose my job"
"You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end"
"A bizarre 2 days of travel. But that's why we take the journey, right? Right?"
"I know not everybody likes Jimmy Fallon, but seriously, having the president slow jam the news with The Roots? That is priceless."
"go get'm bro!"
"\"I'm gonna get you sucka\"!"
"God is so good and so powerful. Oh how his precious holy spirit is so awesome. Praise God"
"did you walk on and earn the starting qb job too?"
"Samsung's Galaxy S I reportedly notches nine million pre-orders worldwide"
"One of the best flicks ever...Georg isn't scruffy, but he's hot!"
"Was walking from appt and saw TV with #springtraining baseball game on...you can have #MarchMadness. GO #CUBS!"
"Mr. Irsay, you can give the prizes to who you want but there were 6 BEFORE last night and that was the 7th Saftey in SB History"
"If your a fan that's screaming 4 me and currently singing \"Where Have You Been\", get some rest. You guys are amazing, but you should sleep!!"
"I need to talk to you about the truth about #Syria. The murder is not from #Assad. It is #US and #NATO countries insurgents'."
"bro who u callin ugly I'll put u in a head lock hahaha"
"Because we know what we're talking about, call us to be enlightened!"
"At the dentist! Gonna get my teeth cleaned."
"Dear old men at my bus stop, I DO NOT SPEAK A WORD OF SPANISH. Stop trying to talk to me, and get out of my space!!"
"Beautiful evening for a hike up Stone Mountain.=}"
"Like I said, anything other than Kobe makes Brown a tool. Don't care if Blake was wide open. Winners win."
"Here's to the speediest new #Eng9 student! Welcome to English 9!"
"At #MLA panel on digital libraries, describes Google Books alternative Digital Public Library of America, coming ~ April 2013"
"My knight in shining armor turned out to be a loser in aluminum foil."
"some of our featured artists to name a few"
"yeah I figured why not. how many tickets did you guys get total?"
"You guys are too good! Fans, make sure to follow FA. RT S/O to and for supporting the music"
"All Share Services: “I should say that we have successfully completed the medical treatment,” the socialist leader said as dozens of ..."
"Management team could be best asset"
"S/O TO MY BUDDY CHEZZ ON THE#WEDTSIDEBANKHEADTHAT IS"
"Brussel sprouts killed me. Cannot ever see them again. This is a serious matter."
"Some ships are made out of metal, other ships are made out of wood, but the best ships, are friendships"
"Oh, we know some of the #NASA hotties *wink* - have a #thirstmoment they want to share!"
"you know I want in. don't keep me out."
"317am. Martini shot was called. Hugs. Cut. Print!"
"i guess 1st step is admitting you have a problem (im emotionally unstable) i just cry and laugh at random moments. i cant control it."
"I think Kobe doesn't realize the help that he has. He doesn't need to do everything for them to win."
"I need a smartphone, I'm seeing QR codes everywhere!!!!"
"do u watch ustream last night??"
"Guy: go fuck 1direction Me: I'm trying to but it's hard to find them"
"RT if you wanna have a late night convo."
"Greetings to all on this crisp, cool Monday morning (here in Lubbock, Texas)! Spring is just around the corner, perfect time to start look…"
"MP3's have nearly destroyed music. Nothing like the FULL CD (WAV) version of a song. It makes a difference."
"bbq tonight. txt me if you want in on this"
"WHO IS ONLINE ?"
"Give it up for at least a second. I'm getting sick of your bullshit attitude, & how you walk around like you shine brighter."
"I would wife up rihanna"
"Be sure to come see the show in the morning at Wiregrass Ranchers Club. I will start at 10 am on the main stage in front of Macy's"
"trust I accept the challenge. ; )"
"you first tweet me when your done"
"Girls that take pictures smoking"
"I'm saving all my love for you."
"HELL YES!! RT : Don't forget it's white girl wednesday too!! Haha"
"please follow me back:)"
"Words I overheard \"You didn't change, you just fell in love\" - what y'all think? Do we change the core of who we r 4 love? Speak on it!!"
"Yes ma'am... I'm very excited!!! RT omgg are you coming for sures now!?!? :)))"
"follow back please and also my cuz please"
"Do we need urgency to visit every exhibit at every museum? No one has time to do so! Blasphemy?"
"in my heart? on in heart? :P"
"you are horrible..... hahahahhahahaha but um they were amazing"
"fire away!"
"I wasn't on the mini-trip last week in Portland & Seattle. All of that happened there. Inspired by the big trip this past summer."
"Google+ looks pretty sweet. Invite me Google!"
"Make your way to 929 tonight, Strictly Biz is happening. makes fun of people whilst and I provide your soundtrack."
"sorry was swamped here, saw also sent out info."
"your nuts!"
"Sharing a beer with the guys who landscape at our apartment complex. Good times. Wish I hadn't lost most of my Spanish in last years at SDSU"
"What are you up to?"
"As a Democrat, I can't wait for the next Republican debate."
"Can I borrow a quarter? I just want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dream."
"Saved by a miracle today. Only God could have pulled this one off. Thank you"
"#f4f my new page please thanx"
"Headed back to Chi."
"My fingers are crossed. Going surfing on Sat and things have been pretty awesome. You?"
"So we ignore eachother, and pretend the other person doesn't exist, but deep down, we both know it wasn't supposed to end like this.."
"Miami Marlins will open a series at Marlins Park v Houston Astros. Ricky Nolasco starts tonight. Marlins are a -195 favorite."
"if i asked u to be my boyfriend what would u say"
"please I'm in way worse shape"
"So 1D was asked to Sing on the Kids Choice Award U.S Nice (: more One Direction on my Screen haha"
"When guys cook, it's dang sexy. The menu matters very little."
"we should phone"
"let me guess 3 parents and kids running around"
"#Cocaine&Caviar"
"psst! I haven't forgotten about our lunch date! hint hint!"
"DM In addition to creating the first Digital Textbook, I have another company that can help with fundraising. DM if interested."
"nice! Wish #GA had more ice action! Go Biebs!"
"Thanks for the RT!"
"CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 33"
"sounds good duderino!! How's the pole dancing going tonight?"
"Yo chick she so thirsty!"
"If I heard that right, will be today at 3pm. Go on, ease your trafficked mind."
"I FINALLY got to 1 million on Temple Run!"
"For the lovely mothers day, I went to NE furniture mart and bought her Dane C's Isolation show on DVD. Its more of a gift for me though ;D"
"Ha! I found you! Hope you had a good time while in DC! So can you get an interview with hottie Bryce Harper :)"
"You're part of what's keeping music education LA going. What more do you think can be done?"
"Haha well when that comes we will hang."
"Power vs Arizona tomorrow night at Consol Energy Center, 730. Come to Power Fest :30 @ Marriot City Center! GO POWER!"
"yeah .. she messed that up. Lol"
"I don't need drugs, I play video games."
"Im bored bored bored bored. Just had nachos though!!"
"Hey Bear - nice to meet you. What kind of bike? :)"
"Thanks, spread the word!"
"Hey long time no type :) Not ok, how about a follow to make up for it ;) haha"
"\"Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or to lose.\" - Lyndon B. Johnson"
"Work in 25 minutes god NO"
"Dodgers CF Matt Kemp left the game against the Rockies during the 3rd inning due to a hamstring injury."
"Kinda hoping for a heel turn for my buddy"
"In the still of the night, I can't tell if it's cloudy or bright.... no, that can't be right...time for my beauty sleep. Z"
"we have a month before submissions close and we've loved using your service. thanks for a wonderful experience!"
"\"So what are you going to do on Easter if he's Jewish\""
"Met all the boys just now with my girl !!!"
"Thank you! I like being out of my element - so many photo ops in new places."
"Just a few days amidst the neon with friends. Be well."
"Remember when Brandon Jacobs trucked that guy then stepped on his chest? Me. RT : Feel like I'm playing Madden!"
"hey do you know fan mail address..?"
"ehhh i say just do it"
"great catching up with you and your wife.. will have to run into you at the airport more often."
"As long as you know lol RT Y'all think Lawson was hoopin...Westbrook bout to run all over us in this next round."
"I am on the most donkey infested table I have seen in months."
"Believe in Make Believe"
"im fucking lost with justin i fucking hate this omg"
"follow back?(:"
"haha it's fine thanks and followed (:"
"Things I am not doing right now: 1) watching \"A Walk to Remember\", 2) crying."
"you change my whole life :))))))"
"I love the feeling when I stretch and my whole body goes numb and relaxed."
"thank you! I managed to have a great one"
"Just re-installed my computer from a FB virus. Went well, but what a lot of work!"
"My mom got mad at me for yawning"
"haha i will tomorrow or something cu i dropped my phone and it broke in half...."
"hi just check out ur website look beautiful. I don't have a child but I'll definitely recommend it to Families. Peace."
"TSA thought the zacuto top handle in my luggage was a gun."
"its coming out this summer (I think) all star cast..let me find a link.."
"Wtf my dad went somewhere. Like bitch where's my breakfast?"
"So what we get drunk, so what we don't sleep, we're just havin fun, we don't care who sees, so what we go out, that's how its pose to be"
"Hip Hop trap"
"hahah unfortunately I was talking about a 60 year old dude named Jesse but I got at him practically ripped his face off"
"There's so much awful at this bar in Williamsburg right now, but the girl in BENNY & JOON cosplay may take the cake"
"Okay then. RT : #Spurs will face the #Rockets tomorrow back at home where they're undefeated so far at 6-0."
"Let your life be the example of what matters to you."
"i know right (: at least i didnt get it from google <3"
"i PROMISE you that I will NEVER drink&drive. Its a horrible thing that happens when you do. #RIPpeyton&drewduffy"
"indoctrination achieved!"
"RT : could (Prezi) be the comic sans of presentations?"
"crushing some pancakes with my boys this morning. yesh..,.."
"Just gettin out of church, so ready 2 eat like rite now, um I can smell the food!!!"
"got a great workout in and fresh out the shower a nigga feeling 2 damn good right bout now jus if i had a girl.!"
"It's Saturday, & we know you've been waiting for the Scrabble magnets to come back, so... YOU'RE IN LUCK! They're back! Come 'n get 'em!"
"I'm trying to channel a young DeNiro"
"... Our taste buds are still smiling! #Provo's finest:)"
"Totally RT : Oh major yikes. Such a waste to put that fantastic fashion on a body with no shape :("
"Sometimes too much to drink isn't enough."
"Windy = no boats on the water. Bo."
"WHAT WAS THAT?"
"We can quote you with a ton of different companies at once. May we help?"
"Sadly, this is not necessarily new for the eminently human Dr. West."
"Greta i put a autoplay with mlb2k11 in my playstation3 nd it's 0-0 but both gave up hits. lol"
"stopp i hate u my body is like on fire rn"
"$14 Tuesday all day!"
"RT Thank you President for your commitment, dedication and unequaled love for our community."
"Beat It Up Like Rampage"
"e-llo! Weird - I thought I already followed you? Did you get a new account or something?"
"awesome, just direct message us an address and how many you would like and we will get them out to you asap."
"\"Marty, you have to come back with me!...where?...Back to the Future!\""
"You kno you're a poker player when you try to type \"right\" to someone and it autocorrects it to \"KhJh\""
"\": I give up. Back to using Twitter a lot less. This is getting moronic.\" Or hang with fewer morons?"
"Friday the 13th! It's going to be a great one, lots to do and no time to hesitate on anything. Yowza Madre!"
"My throat kills. Ugh. 😲"
"Grinders Doin What We Do!"
"Sarah Houghton tells of her experience at raising tech literacy of San Rafael Public LIbrary - staff and patrons"
"GO Flyers & Kings"
"How's everyone doing? :-)"
"thanks man! Big game"
"I don't care what everyone says, cramming the night before always works out just fine."
"A poem is a small (or large) machine made out of words (said Williams)"
"Good Mornin Twitter Mentions Friends Followers Fans Tl n otha ppl Tl"
"I thanked motion sensor lights for turning on for me. My brain has officially turned off."
"Lucky duck! ;)"
"If you could add one hour to your day today, what would you do with it?"
"speak the truth bitch."
"Dating your Ex again is like buying your clothes back from Goodwill. There's a reason you got rid of it in the first place."
"YouTube asap"
"Liver protection for cows at the start of lactation - All about feed"
"Thanks to everyone for helping us reach 1000 followers!"
"lol. I'm gonna let you know when I'm boutta go to Sleep."
"It's fascinating how moms seem to have that ability! Happy Mother's Day!"
"not so much evacuation as everyone continues to marvel outside at the gorgeous weather."
"Nothing feels more relieving, than when you lay on your bed right when you come home from school "
"\"I resemble that!! #imgood :-) : doesn't apply to you. You are boys #boysnevergrowup\""
"After a brief delay, I am finally on the plane to #saa11!"
"I've gotten 3 requests to advertise on my blog over the past month... I must have passed some marketing threshold of readership..."
"All guys hate the words DONT and STOP unless their put together"
"Bout to eat this pizza with"
"Some of the discussions I've heard are powerful reminders of what's really important."
"Pilates can be adapted for people at any level of fitness, including those with injuries and limitations."
"wish you never told me that :/"
"RT : RT : #Valentine'sDay Studies show that when you are attached to another person your pupils will enlarge!"
"lookin like barbie"
"Don't let the rain ruin your day. We will have basketball on today, drinking games and the most important.... The beer, we have it!"
"Ohio. Oh god, I'd surely die on that boat!"
"Do You Miss HIM? - Retweet if someone instantly came to your mind."
"“: you guys invited me! I'm not the one bringing in the whole town of Gary, IN. Haha” LMFAO Travis!!!!!!!!"
"10.25miles done, ready to celebrate St. Patty's day and the hubby's birthday!!"
"pola only likes to sleep on my lap when I read or watch my laptop (not on my lap). And stand on my laptop keyboard"
"Great P&P party last nite thx to Edward & Staff of MudPuppies & delish pizza from Austin Terrier. Raised $200+ for ALOA! Thx for coming!"
"Our 1st energies should go to our own character development, which is often invisible to others, like the roots that sustain great trees"
"and our BBQ Pulled Pork won the Rock and Roll Beer-B-Q"
"chick about him talking to me."
"SO pumped for the #EDCNY lineup 11 hours and 40 minutes :)"
"Oh a case of the Mondays.... bum bum bum."
"wowza interview of alligator man this am with what an oxygen thief that guy is"
"The band in the '06 #Broadway revival of #AChorusLine is phenomenal.... especially the #BariSax!"
"Im going to stop putting in my precious time for folk that don't appreciate it."
"I just peeped the #RoadtoTheRiches video on youtube where can i hear the studio version? Im feelin it"
"Hang out a few minutes and when you edit again you may be able to restore a draft."
"Good Night"
"I should write an e-book called \"Standing in Line for Dummies\". Then let the two people in front of me read it. Then bludgeon them."
"Way to be an ignorant fuckass. Mark Bingham on Flight 93 was gay and helped defend the plane against terrorists."
"Heaven help the fool who did her wrongg ♥"
"Wow I missed one practice and my dad yells at me and I'm sick so wtf"
"Public reading of NEW play by Janine Salinas 11/28 7:30pm. will be playing a punk rock pixie! Where will u be?"
"RT : Are you a zombie yet?"
". Is this program still going?"
"I think 1st we need to change stdnt mindset that learning comes from teachers; once they take ownership we can assess differently"
"Got an open slot available at the Rox Box in Roxborough this Wednesday. Any interested bands please hit us up!"
"THE TIP I'M ON RIGHT NOW....IS IF YOU NOT MY FAMILY OR I DIDN'T KNOW YOU FOR YR'S FUCK YOU!!!!! <3"
"We have over 4,000 online #ReadyForTheRush RT Gotta start looking for an ugly Christmas sweater"
"What happened to the Cuban version that was supposed to open?"
"Please follow me(: 14"
"So, the fiction finalists were Swamplandia, DFW's uncompleted manuscript, and a Denis Johnson novella that was originally published in 2002."
"President Obama lays out the blueprint for an America built to last"
"Tough face"
"ill be in louisville, goin just as hard bc I'm surrounded by card fans"
"\"Whenever we step closer to the \"fires\" of the world, we step closer to that slippery slope ofsin.\""
"And that is what you call a banana"
"plz RT --> “: All we need is one person with a TON of follwers to RT and get them to vote and Scott is a semifinalist #NOTHARD”"
"That's when I love you when I need you when I care about you that's when I know for a doub I can't live without you"
"purple swag!"
"i don't even know you. the fuck ."
"hahahahaha! You known i always gotchu though!"
"I feel for the agent that reps the kid auditioning for Alek for Nine Lives. Singing and being a freak in lobby is NOT a good thing. Rude!"
"Yes, we believe the #customer is always right #goodcustomerservice RT : Are customers right in your business?"
"I would like to thank the Long Island Young Presidents Organization for having me at their meeting."
"Rain, Rain, Beautiful rain!"
"4 reminders per day to use your camera. Practice your direction; ask if you can shoot someone doing the Riverdance. Or perhaps an Irish jig!"
"I can see my gym clothes from bed....mimosa anyone?"
"oh wait - you don't follow me anyway LOL! Guess I'm safe from your unfollowing brigade."
"How is it not supposed to be a good day? Its sunny & not a cloud in the sky when the weather called for rain! Studying & laying out it is! ☀"
"This is what he did back in the day. Nice to see a return to form."
"Beautiful Background. Thank you for following me ♥"
"I thought you were going to be in L.A. today"
"dick. in. yo. face"
"Whateva I do..its done"
"Largest lead of the season"
"Zac Efron's friends 'trash his backyard'"
"I had a thin black belt I tried for effect. Didn't help. A thick might work better..."
"Think back - what was your first outdoor summer concert?"
"Up and ready for one more day of speaking in WV!"
"well, I NEED MONEY."
"i had some issues with my twitter when i got my new phone so ive been off. I thought i signed up for poy months ago?"
"Thank God for letting me see another year, i won't let y'all down"
"The Spurs made all the right moves."
"here for my brother's wedding :-)"
"I'm in elk grovethies, lol. i'll be back out there in a lil bit."
"People may get away with it all the time, but these practices are loan fraud, punishable by a nice vacation at Club Fed"
"Dismayed at much difficulty am having lately staying properly hydrated."
"Retweet DO NOT GO OUTSIDE IF YOU'RE IN THE EYE #Ike (Good reminder: there are very strong winds on other side of eye.)"
"thank you Obama that's what he wants to destroy the USA"
"Follow me please? Love you!"
"Q7: Best: Australia - Worst: dark alleys"
"Spent the weekend fighting a little cold. Saw TINKER TAILOR SOLDIER....SNORE! Being sick & being single sucks."
"I just pretended to die in front of my dog, and the dood just sat there looking at me like i'm some person from the looney bin."
"Yay! I'm writing a story for myself"
"Our soup today is \"Unstuffed\" Pepper; Ohio sausage, rice, tomatoes, red and green bell peppers and garlic."
"Europeans think we're CRAZY."
"URGENT: Need studio lighting/strobes for a last-minute editorial photo shoot in North County tonight. Can anyone oblige? DM me."
"I'm well.Thx.I went to a wonderful Easter Concert with Wintley Phipps and was really blessed+taken2a new place spiritually.\o/"
"Great. Pretty soon there'll be 900 Ferris Bueller disciples running in the hallways ;-)"
"I just wanna thank my baby for beinq the best father I could ask for.! Ik hell be with us.soon.! Love you baby"
"hope u can pass one! Lol"
"I was like baby baby baby oh!!!!!!"
"I went yesterday for the Open House. Toured the park, touched the Green Monster, shook Bobby Valentine's hand, took some dirt. :)"
"?The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries, or the way she combs her hair"
"ain't nun to do but work smoke & smoke more lol"
"Liked the reference student circle idea."
"Braun throwing a Tiger Woods tantrum"
"Creepy. RT : Check out an art installation today with products! IKEA FAMILY discount $1 off admission!"
"Be a Learning Champion! Learn Something New Each Day.. great advice!"
"we thank you for the cupcakes for our 1st annual puppy bowl!! You are the best!"
"God certainly is great! Great banquet was amazing! Praying for you chuck!"
"Friday Night PARTY!! Message or comment for FREE PASSES!"
"gw bush =\"mission NOT accomplished\", President Badass Obama= The Taliban Terminator! mitt romney NO CLUE about foreign relations or HUMANITY"
"You're talking about bleaching and tanning?"
":-( beautiful day for a ride and a great picture too"
"I freaking love you. That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you. site is on my profile. :)"
"And now we are on our way to the circus..."
"did it every five minute during CC's bid in Tampa..."
"As hillbillies age, they're called hillwilliams"
"A2) A dream you feel in inner urging to do & would do for free. A fantasy you pursue ONLY to obtain money or fame."
"Listenin to this New B.O.B Album.....Sounds Good *Strange Clouds*"
"You're wayy too into yourself."
"#lifestinks when you got bills to pay."
"thank you's, and to see all of the new pics of them in the booklet. It was a fun day I'll always remember."
"currently using 3 sets with 6-8 rep max... most importantly, make sure your diet is on point whether you're cutting or bulking"
"Blasting Nicki's 'Sex in the Lounge' at Chick-Fil-A drive thru. \"Put that pussy on my bottom lip, then you know we gotta switch.\""
"In a weather delay at Churchill Downs. Sloppy track will favor Broadway's Alibi and And Why Not in Kentucky Oaks"
"\"Dominos pizza in the candle light\" yes"
"Follow for the latest and greatest from the best restaurant in Denver!"
"good for you Deb. Congrats."
"C'mon #Pacers!"
"Finally tamed my wild hair lmao......"
"Aw I'm sorry, love! I'm not gonna say"
"Provo with 7 catches today, all of them in the 2nd half."
"Happy mothers day to my beautiful mother! You are appreciated <3 God bless"
"Concerned not all content shows the best of America"
"That is the thing most people forget these things cost tax payers money, you minimize the incidents, lower security = less wasted tax $"
"Love hanging out"
"I hate watching him fight lol it makes me nervous!!!"
"had a moment before going to mr. tkc where i told myself to start being a proud alumna. is it possible? ...we'll see."
"www.aaron.tv search for other lifeforms"
"waiting for Matthew Kirschenbaum's talk \"Stephen King's Wang: The Literary History of Word Processing\""
"Huh. Thanks for letting me know! A virus is the last thing I need..."
"The Daou tune!!"
"Its going to be another beautiful day!!!"
"Jessica is amazing :)"
"Happy Mother's Day to my mother who dragged me along to every museum in NY turning me into a museum lover."
"#highfivethursdays going on right now with at"
"Newark mourns the loss of Whitney, of one of its many gems."
"1 week until prom i still need my shoes, accessories, nails, hair and makeup! i have a lot to do!"
"yes yes please come over soon :)"
"Possibly this fall! If not then, then this winter :)"
"we need to get drinks while you're here!"
"sweet! Can't wait to see you! I'll Tweet you if plans fa through. Have some flaky friends :)"
"5/20 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Lenny Marcus"
"bitch they had some decent classes there lol"
"yea that's cool"
"Another day, another dollar... looking forward to going to the gym to work-out! Yeah babe!!!!"
"I think I like it but they appear to be taking a \"New Coke\" approach to things. I imagine a lot of people are unhappy."
"photography today:))"
"My boyfriend could use some suits. Not what UR thinking probably ... RT : Can anyone rec an org for donation of mens business suits"
"of course you are, were you not paying attention during 4th grade health when learning the difference between boys and girls?"
"Even after taking the free course, I really noticed a difference in my auditions! Thank you, Jamison!"
"I need yer truust , that were gonna pull through ."
"A Loaf Supreme"
"I thought the judge served you that restraining order, sheesh."
"We never know the worth of water till the well is dry."
"Love that."
"Thanks for the Mention!"
"If it has to do with spelling things correctly or not spilling things, I probably should not be in charge."
"I'M DOING YOU!!! Lol"
"braces come off tomorrow"
"The count dwn is on... 7 whole days no kids, my sanity and my hometown. #tlc long awaited, desperately needed"
"I know this was a long time ago, but I don't resent being called a nerd at all."
"Pretty good. I think we need one in Gardens. Maybe I'll open it in"
"LOL....Audrey you're funny!"
"Congratulations to the Boston University Class of Oh-Ten!! It's been an amazing few years interacting with your beautiful selves! <3"
"Wow. \"Over 100 entries\" rcvd last year for documentary oscars, per Torene Svitil of Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences."
"I think so! RT : Maybe they should switch to #BudLight?"
": I want to become 's Community Web Producer! Recommend (mention) me in a Tweet to & on their FB page. Tks"
"Nah I aint going today. I think that nigga Josh up there tho!"
"Rather go to bed supperless than rise in debt."
"tomorrow after 4 is looking good. I could check with my work folks if maybe a drink at the Driscoll or something? LMK"
"Ouch... RT : Man this playoff beard is REALLY starting to itch. Know what i mean Colorado? Oh... oops..."
"uuhh I did"
"Palin is invaluable to Democrats alive. The death threats are just phony grasps at reclaiming slumping attention."
"men dont like a girl for her looks. like her for her personality"
"It sure is! Place is silly. Food was alright though."
"where u at, island breeze?"
"stop on in and check them out! Let us know with any questions"
"Viewed an article on 's website & was told I have 20 free articles left. I'll never pay for an online subscription."
"I sent Peter an email. When we get the mugs, I will take a picture of Rene and myself toasting you at the station. Thank U!"
"Life after death is as improbable as sex after marriage."
"Thank you for following me! I'm trying to reach out to many strong believers in Christ to help support me in my racing career! :)"
"I wish everyone was like you"
"I really like this girls outfit"
"Yes!! RT : Hearing that Pac-12 tourney headed to MGM Grand Garden starting '13. announcement expected next Tuesday"
"My nigga I'm faded"
"I aint went this hard since i was 18.!"
"Left my Nexus S in the car while I ran a 5k. Went from 100% battery to 20%. Back to iPhoneland it is."
"haha thanks brother"
"Only if bitches know what they be talking about"
"my car is too gay lol"
"Thank you for the RT ! Happy Friday!"
"If you get a chance, check out , good, local #journalism by DePaul students."
"I miss u<333"
"Why am I so tired, I went to bed at like 9:45 last night"
"Q5: One thing everyone should experience in Europe for the holidays?"
"I'd do it if there was a toggle switch like Tumblr has for twitter."
"yes I knew Randy when he was with the #Vikings \"straight cash homie\" is a good term, 1 up on me,now on to our final #Soccer bet"
"im just sayin"
"Thank you for the follow! You have a lot of prestige in the music business, how did you enter it?"
"Happy Birthday, !! :)"
"nah dude im going snowboarding this weekend..good luck though"
"Why is school so boring, I've been here for 5 mins and wanna pull the hair out of my head"
"Mom convinced me to keep bugging about coming down to the station. She thought I had a future in TV."
"Thanks :) And thank you for following me as well :)"
"and I will NOT be giving my 2 week notice at work- we didn't win the #MegaMillions but it was fun imaging that much $$$"
"Stop that. Get a new doctor. Move to Australia."
"Haa thanks for the otter love :) but I've never been to Monterey, Cali. I'm from Washington, silly."
"Good night everyone... Off to Physical Therapy for my shoulder and then home for dinner with the family"
"Happy Mother's day! Come and enjoy a glass of bubbles and stawberries, shop and save 20% on our collection. Baci Boutique 279 Mott.str.NYC"
"How we were before > how we are now"
"With en route to film a speaking engagement at the Princeton/Columbia club for ABANA. This event looks really great!"
"So happy 😊"
"Dear pointe shoe inventors, If we ever create a time machine we will find you and punch you in the faces. Sincerely, DANCERS WHO ARE IN PAIN"
"all I can do is SMMFH...lmao"
"\"It is nice to be important, but it is more important to be nice.\" www.budurl.com/QuoteA"
"For those who attended the CCIM webinar please take note that the report will appear in your property documents."
"It'd be nice to see you at Go"
"Help me get to 500 followers by Christmas. Blast out to all your friends."
": lol how would they?"
"haha Eric's grandparents live up there! lol :D tiny little town!"
"#SometimesIWonder what you see in me."
"likes to blame the elitist media for focusing on the clear attack on women's health, but it's his party that began the assault"
"Local Jobs (Hiring Now) Positions open in your area. Hiring immediately - Apply Here."
"Happy Friday Everyone! We have Souvenir Duvel Glasses, great for Holiday Gifts!"
"Fav new song Glad You Came ! <3"
"#4famouswords To Each Your Own"
"thanks 4 checking out my videos...working hard to improve daily...I'm only 10 so I got lotsa time :)"
"doing that now, connecting via twitter and email. Thanks! See you there!"
"I'm home dude...was going to run over before I came inside but didn't feel like hurdling snow drifts 7 ft high in dress clothes"
"damn u r ghetto AF!!! lol ill try cuz i miss my hamtramck arabs. Dese arabs out here r so borin -_-"
"Red Hall Dance Company DVDs delivered. Look forward to the next!"
"ready to leak lots of memory"
"Yeah, I'm still here. We should grab coffee soon and catch up :)"
"think it's the elusive confidence thang. Needs steady match play and to compete well w/out injury for period to get it back."
"If Was At My School She Will Be The Only One I'll Really Talk To! :')"
"are you thinking what I am thinking?"
"Yes! I am their new fan."
"Who wants to go to the Chefs Confluence conference? Get ready, we are going to have a contest for a spot at the conference, air voucher..."
"Who's up for Sox to get they're winning groove on at Fenway starting tonight vs. A's?"
"A group called Soul&Lounge got an album called \"Bruno Mars\" on iTunes. How did they get away w that? WTH?People buy it as Bruno's"
"I would like that 😔"
"RT Considering how often Jedi's drop their light sabre's you think they would use a lanyard. {#brilliant}"
"The news cycle moves so fast in 2012, I predict the next trend in journalism will be reporters guessing what next week's news will be."
"yeah bro cuz Os fans are so much better lol"
"hehe. Ahh I'm so calm and in peace. If only you knew!"
"I thought I'd be more clever tonight than I was."
"Q, morning, just sent you a email."
"\"Lets hire someone to do this\""
"But so is former Avon Mayor Richard Burke. If it comes down to a convention/nomination fight the breakdown goes something like this..."
"they better win Sat. And especially champions cup on 19th."
"you see that four headed monster in the storm loom snipe em from a distance the scope gotta long zoom :D"
"OMG YAY!!!(: You gonna do more AMAZING videos????(: follow please?"
"1 dollar?? In this economy?? :p"
"Hi, I'm late to the party. Happy galley dance for FISTFULL OF COLLARS (chet & bernie) and THE ABSENT ONE by Adler-Olsen."
"Congratulations to the BE CAMP VB (Playfit) team on winning first place (and $25k) at the"
"Saw the world premiere of movie \"The Ride\". Story of Amazing Race host Phil Keoghan and his 40 day ride across the US to support MS. Great!"
"is the sweetest girl Ever! she is incredible, she is so beautiful, and talented, she deserves millions of followers RT :)"
"Successful doctor visit. If I could shout out my doctor I would"
"\": Re Tweet if ever fucked in the Car !\""
"I think I just heard one..."
"We miss you!"
"My wisdom tooth is killing me"
"That one person that always puts a smile on your face >>> 😍"
"WORKIN' ON NEW MUSIC!!"
"will the Redskins ever have a winning team again?! Y is Grossman still under center?!"
"Making the final preparations for the luncheon with Danette Leighton at ASU Today."
"alright. best website/store in la to buy wooden beds for under $1100. someone help. i'm buying my first ever bed."
"thank you for following me back. Let spring begin"
"Travel Deal: Disney resort hotels 30% off. For stays April 13 thru June 14. Book before end of March."
"Same to you babe :) <3 hope you had a great day !! x"
"THANK YOU shoutout to for helping us make a special someone's birthday extra great with those fun balloons!!!"
"Does anybody else have dreams about their ex for no reason ? I seem too and its annoying"
"ah look whats on yo head"
"Be My TweetHeart starts tomorrow! \"candy heart messages\" tweet back using the same letter!"
"Omg no! was injured in a car wreck! She in the hospital fighting for her life!"
"I miss my long hair, methinks I'm gonna grow it back."
"My only beef with on that? Tony Bennett's teams have only defended the 3 well in 3 of his 6 years. Dick's teams 2 of 4 yrs at WSU."
"EVERYONE ℱℴℓℓℴω ▶▶ ◀◀ They follow back FAST! █▬█ █ ▀█▀ that follow button NOW!"
"SLIDE TO LAS BAYGES"
"#S1DFest i will grow a beard, wear a flannel with some jeans, take my wife.. i need 2 passes btw. must see NONE MORE BLACK"
"What's your fave Bad Bartender story? From both sides of the counter! Let us know! #bartenderhatesu Let's get this to be a trending topic!"
"It's All About You Magazine is now on Twitter! Please RT and follow"
"i think i need to see you sometime soon."
"appreciate it Fam"
"Khon is always ahead! for some reason i search kitv first but they are NOT current!."
"Not looking for the one that's perfect, just the one that's going to make it worth it."
"u nasty as hell for that twiticon lol"
"So my game is showing you're on, you should play Call Of Duty with me.(:"
"Yes. Her legs have never offended me."
"yeah man we can do something like that!"
"Imagine the guy with the nicest smile on earth, aka followed me. That would be a great end to this wonderful day :) <3"
"Believe it or not Cleveland, allergy season is descending upon us, and if you suffer from allergies, ask us about anti-allergy..."
"\"What keeps me going is goals.\" - Mahummaad Ali”"
"Where at?"
"Cmon bro, u awwreadiii know! GIRLS GONE WILD RT: “: What should I do tonight?”"
"Boarding and this lady sat in my seat and I had to explain three times why it was my seat...wow"
"\"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.” -Robert Collier"
"why does my dog have to eat everything"
"I need Thee Oh I need thee..."
"This juice im drinking hitting the spot."
"My new dining room table has swivel chairs!! We !!!"
"You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard."
"ramen noodles and instant mashed potatoes for lunch. doesn't get much more #college than that. unless you're eating nothing 4 lack of money."
"i wouldn't mind if things were simple i really wouldn't"
"In June! I'll keep you posted. Trying to work out a schnauzer-sitting gig in Washington Heights."
"Spelling bee with and :D"
"needs to make a book of just his tweets"
"New Emo Updates posted daily!!! & Have an Nice Day!!! Party It Up!!!"
"RT : If you give it up too soon he won't respect you. You deserved to be pursued & cherished. Make 'em wait for it."
"whey just had my first British mcdonalds;)"
"Im determined not to procrastinate while doing my final projects and studying"
"Love my wife! Married 12 years today! You're the best! Happy Anniversary !"
"you mean the one who would get picked last and hit first on dodgeball day?"
"Ok, so we survived the end of the world. Now we have to do it again in October.. REALLY?? LOL!!!!!!"
"You do not travel if you are afraid of the unknown you travel for the unknown."
"iTunes is so lucky to have your songs! I always buy your songs from iTunes!That's way iTunes is getting richer:) follow me pls!"
"\"Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real.\" - Tupac Shakur-"
"Thanks man. Go Lakers!"
"woww! hey wendy hope all is well. havent talked to you since we had you on our morn show at power 92 chicago"
"I guess I just took all of the Russians vs. IRA undertones to mean it was a nuke."
"There is apple mail it's called me.com. Lole"
"oh that sounds lovely! You should do it!"
"Big Data presentation today in NYC. Any other peeps in the Big Apple today?"
"Now that is something to get excited for! Can't wait to see what Consuelo has up her sleeve! RT Marni for H&M Coming in March"
"thanks. Even librarians have lazy web moments :-)"
"lol i love you.... beetches be crazy :p"
"Get Cinderella never declined a ball!!!!!!!!!!!"
"please do because I was wondering about that"
"this will be my 5th time meeting and i still feel like it's my first."
"Just spent an hour trying to find one rap song I know no lyrics to, don't know the name or who it even is..."
"This is a sad day for Me seen every home game of original #55 Junior Seau at #USC. Had just met him with my son at Staples Center this year"
"Bout to be some Church with this Eulogy."
"Well the Pirates are winning."
"Are that tired to the point that you tweet yourself? Lol RT : your always woke smh"
"They just paid me $10 to come into this bar.."
"Not that I know of -- but I'm too far away to know firsthand."
"I'm thankful for today's weather! Gorgeous."
"Most Popular Korean stars in 2012"
"True! So how are you these days?"
"June was one exciting and interesting month. Whatcha got for us July? Bring it on. =)"
"sorry and I couldn't make it to He was sick & I had a colleague in town for dinner."
"thanks for the post!"
"Happy Tuesday!"
"One of our favorite quotes from Aron Ralston at People to Know last week: \"The boulders in our lives are our greatest blessings.\" We'd..."
"Last day of school tamarrow😄😃☺😉"
"Dear Media, Enough with the worrying about Weiner! What's done is done."
"Happy Holidays to all..."
"I officialy dis own courtney as a friend !"
"“ gross bro. There's gonna be doo everywhere.” your gonna look like Arnold in the end of Predator."
"oh yes!! Lol.enjoying my.coffee lol"
"iPad time! “: Lights are dimming, Apple CEO Tim Cook has taken the stage.”"
"What's 50 grand to a motherfucka like me, can you please remind me?"
"RT Thanks for showing me Path Dave. I LOVE IT!!! Xoxo (with Dave at ) ... and that's at Path"
"Paul McCartney Is The Richest Music Maker in UK"
"is currently filming a short film."
"Y is it that a male and female cant hang out without ppl thinkn thier fukn??"
"you were so cool at the"
"what's wrong?!"
"haha (: you should do a pic (:"
"It's not like that for alotta cats nowadays. They just throw out evrythng. The internet has changed that & so has our generation's attn span"
"What bothers you?.. \"What bothers you the most is an indication of the problem you were created to solve.\"~ Mike Murdock"
"Need a little bronze in your life? Monthly tanning available for $18.88"
"lesson of the day: always have business cards even when you're in line for coffee."
"what is she talking about?"
"You're welcome! <3 you"
"The tumblr app drains all my battery :("
". is pretty much the funniest girl on the planet. // The 72% off Crocs sale is still 28% too expensive for me to ever get a pair"
"I wanna meet Justin Bieber.. (:"
"Home is where you unexpectedly run into old friends /cc am still smiling!"
"Maybe for once can plans not change on me? Sigh.."
"It's beautiful here!"
"Doesn't that make you want to cut loose with a marker?"
"You telling me I can't, just motivates me more to do it. just so ya know, I'll be proving you wrong. :)"
"well if you weren't going to vote for ersan no one was going to .."
"The woman on the right"
"629 Monroe avenue"
"its not up to me.. its up to her. and if she leaves.. guess shes over me"
"SECOND TEASER #boyfriend we are making history....!!!!!"
"yea! they were tasty!"
"Uh yeah!"
"#Duke vs #Virginia. Could be interesting. Also #Mssissippi State vs"
"I miss Cory Golden ...*sigh*"
"It won't be \"World Peace\" when I drop you with the 'bow. You deserve it after rhyming like yo Shaq taking throws. (Case is closed)"
"Thanks for"
"For $300 that chair should not only be comfortable it should also make ice cream. That said it does look pretty awesome. Thanks!"
"\": At the end of the day either you join the revolution or you remain a part of the decaying old guard.\" #OWS is ageless, join!"
"12th grade mission to grow \"dreds\" #epic fail"
"Social Centric will be back shortly!"
"On my way!"
"I do not want to use the YAA Twitter page to go into details but I will discuss this on THIS account next week."
"bro you gone be me they cool tho and I'll throw em some smoke and we will get plugged"
"Are you gonna hang after you play at Bamboozle?"
"your going to have so much fun tonight!:) my boy takin care of you;) love y'all!:)"
"OH: \"What's gonna get the cat smell out?\" Next to dry cleaners."
"Follow me and I'll Follow back Promise.."
"im a #MindlessBelieberBrezzyBaby you can only call yourself tht is u support #MindlessBhavior #JustinBieber and"
"YES! And of course this type of thing always happen on the weekend #peoplewithnolife :) cc"
"I love me some Fred Hoiberg! Isn't that also the alma mater of one Paul Shirley?"
"Nonna's Kitchenette's super Italian food will be in PHX this weekend, Sat and Sun afternoon. On Aspen street near Pay and Take #food Mangia!"
"Heather Morgan '86 discusses how her first job working in insurance made her want to work for a purpose, instead."
"Community Calendar, April 16 - The State"
"Oh, geez.... that was you at the rose party?! My mind is a million miles away right now."
"The Archaeology tech tree pic in #Civ5 is dinosaur bones... ARCHAEOLOGY IS NOT PALEONTOLOGY."
"Before I woke up,I was filled with blood and wounds, hiding under a staircase."
"Congrats! Can i have a shoutout? :)"
"*Oops, be careful! You don't want to waste a good thing! ;)"
"I can't wait to see it!! Every Mother's Day I always think of the first time you to did that- Joe is with me and says thanks! :)"
"get over it and shut up, you don't even know what you're talking about."
"Join us for Celebrate Education on Friday, April 15. Maui Waena Intermediate School will be performing grom 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m."
"if people could read minds hm"
"you betcha! Keep doing the good things you do!"
"\"There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.\" – Lady Blessington What makes you so happy that you feel beautiful?"
"Children writing contest ages 10-15, Win Cash at Black Writers On Tour. www.blackwritersontour.com"
"you'd have to get within 10 feet of me to even be able to find it."
"That's a deal! RT if you ever head out east we want to meet up and show you our dank"
"Rockport global campaign taps mobile marketing across 30 countries"
"#Euphoriclife Get on Board"
"hey are you little Chloe!?!? :D"
"Drake: But first you must smell your tomato... Josh: Smell my tomato?... Drake: By pressing it with your nose with great force! LMFAO"
"Completely get it. An admirable quality!"
"i feel sowwi for you"
"Welcome to the #Browns family! I'm sure things are crazy now, but once you get here you'll love Cleveland!"
"That's All I Really Wanna Do 1) To earn money without working. 2) To love without being hurt. 3) To eat without getting fat."
"hey do u have a twitcam cuz if u do i need help making one"
"Where did you c it?"
"Hmm who can I be...RT Halloween sat oct 29-celebrity cemetery start planning ur costume. rumor will be amy winehouse?!"
"yeah...just when u needed them the most. GO FIGURE!"
"Just finished press conf with r Barrera. N Fletcher bill Freeman asking City ccdc to excelerate redevelopment $ to schools"
"I need a drink.. #Billiedeewillams said #colt45 work everytime so im on my way.."
"Somebody been eating my chips..but I'm not even gone flip out..cause I will ova these chips."
"\"What a sense of superiority it gives one to escape reading a book which everyone else is reading. \""
"Beautiful pics and blog. Yay! Hugs in you Lil Concentrated Mommy. Hugs from your bigbrotheruncle Marc :)"
"hahaaa! you're a fool kyle."
"I'm totally interested."
"actually I'm not doing service learning on Fridays anymore so how about this Friday? At like 11:30am?"
"There's actually two ways to sort poker apps in AppData, so I'll give you the top 10 again, sorted by MAU (monthly active users)"
"But seriously though, If you don't watch The Weiner Circle, you're lame and live under a rock..."
"He's gonna coach until he's 100!!!! it should be great for their Program though..."
"#AGirlDeserves a guy who makes her smile even when he's miserable."
"um neither have I."
"I need food! Who wants to get sushi?"
"Breakfast: Thinking Cracker Barrel or Denny's"
"We're getting together all kinds of goodies to stuff our Quincy gift bags! :)"
"btw love for SI swimsuit cover"
"haha and i may or may not buy two copies. How bout we find a way to go see him?"
"Thankfully I'm not wearing the penguin suit today.."
"yea I do"
"THAT is awesome! “ : So John Mayer apparently LOVES the #Bachelor! came up to and knew who she was”"
"Oh Shit, iThink Projects are Due Today?!"
"We're waiting! Can we request \"Under the Sea\"?"
"Wtf my twitter keep saying forbidden when I try too follow people back - O_o !( 😳 )"
"Where can I get the best deal on a flight between san Diego and las Vegas?"
"Oh no those Angry Birds hangovers are killer! :/"
"I forget simple stuff , but can remember 4/7/1986 Hulk Hogan v. King Kong Bundy cage match @ WrestleMania 2. PS Hulk won."
"Can I haz a cheap, sweatshop-free #17 Lin jersey?"
"Where's the moon? WOAHHH!"
"...I was only kidding. :)"
"After being in NC, don't know about returning to ABQ where 'trees' (bushes) are maybe 20 feet. Will miss a real 'woods' and forest."
"Whoa. \"Tor\" actually referred to the science fiction publisher and not the privacy software for once. I'm in shock."
"Happy Martin Luther King Jr Day!"
"Yes! We ARE getting excited about tomorrow. We've got loads of fun cookie stuff for people to play with."
"The only thing I can say is Skylar is too good for American Idol! Love her country rock vibe!! On to Nashville!!!!"
"ah see you should have come over!! I totally forgot about it until real late last night!"
"Some lady in kroger told me I have pretty hair..."
"Hey! I would love to interview! I will hit you up after my Temple Grandin interview! ! Thank you!!"
"Everybody and their grandmas be thinking they're artists."
"Happy #Easter to every one :)"
"just want to make an ass out of you and me."
"and I was at the doctors :("
"Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. - Steve Jobs"
"4th Meal is never a good idea."
"wow..were we all drinking alone last night? I know how to fix that"
"and he probably didn't expect the scrutiny, backlash, and criticism spawned by the #kony2012 campaign."
"RT RT if you wanna see Tom Brady end up with 666 yards passing."
"When will you be starting an EdTech Podcast?"
"We should team up. Follow us back! We are about making baseball big in Miami & personal trips to the park & analysis!"
"News4-going on the air right after #CapsBruins game. will have highlights and analysis of game 5. Series continues Sunday on NBC"
"No way this \"Help\" campaign wins."
"jealous of your hair"
"Come join us in the beefeaters for our 2nd Congressional District Forum!"
"whoever invented \"homework\" i want to slap in the face right now"
"finished up a new hot osng with Kalii earlier today now working on another song before i leave the crib!!!"
"kinda, i mean. im not too icarly inspired right now.. but im gonna try to make one this weekend c:"
"Thanks for the follow fellas. You guys are going on tour pretty soon with our pals , yes?"
"ANYONE DOWN TO PLAY DRAW SOMETHING?"
"The place is really coming together for 's wedding this weekend!"
"Buttered noodles are the best"
"Sounds like a good time. Put some pick up in your giddy up and ride on over to Iron Horse Friday night."
"One day people are going to remember me...I'm waiting for my ride at the airport...."
"Thanks Nuzi for a great event. You were awesome and the topic was dead on!"
"I know im so excited I need away! from cincy and flo co"
"Simon for 3 - are you kidding"
"Thanks to everyone who made #litaforum 2009 such a success. Thank you!"
"if you insist...then yes"
"After finally starting the unpacking process, I've come to the,conclusion that packing was a lot easier -_-"
"“: this dear...everyone on fb is really annoying me”thank u."
"My lit girl wanted to hurry up trick or treating so she can get home to pass out candy to others kids. That's my boo boo girl :) I luv u"
"stock project.... 202 assessment.... now i remember why i stopped doing homework."
"But the hottest opportunity is education– foil stamping needs not be limited to the few as it use to be a “trade secret”."
"meaning he get to much credit or not enuff.......???"
"NFL may be locked out, but not Pros and Cons - first feature film about fantasy football....find out first at facebook.com/prosandconsmovie"
"Boy, do I feel stupid. I just discovered that OS X has a built-in #font management app called Font Book. Doh!"
"Lots of plans falling into place for move to Bay area. New office location in Campbell, CA. Should be moved in and ready to go March 26!"
"loser the game boy games were better anyway"
"A staple food here ,bone marrow, toast, parsley, capers and shallots"
"Rain, you're buzz-killing my plans to ride to"
"Just watched 24/7 during the Devils intermission for the first time. This fight is gonna be epic, calling it here"
"Hahaha I wish you good luck then :)"
"That had better be an April Fools Joke. :) RT : OMG! I GOT CHOSEN FOR THE INTERNSHIP!!!!!!!"
"Storm's Rollin' in..."
"You're probably right lol"
"Well, it's #orioles, so \"realistic\" is different for them from others. Duquette's on clock to make his mark."
"Contact Danielle Statler, in Career Services, she has taken over the Web area"
"We need to do a Shooks/PT/So Adult HMS showcase one of these days!"
"is currently writing me a rap"
"I yearn for the Tebow Bronco days."
"Y Dystopias? because i like watching characters try to break out of the mental prisons that most dystopian societies present"
"hey where have u been?"
"Dylan Collins <"
"Feeling so filled with love today. It is beaming all through me and out my heart to everyone around me."
"let's hope so"
"my country music shout out, for those who may not have recognized"
"Glad you came! I'll email you the picture I took for you"
"#whatishappiness? Seriously. This isn't spam. Just want an opinion."
"tell Lohan her hair is too blonde...p.s. love the hashtag game!"
"That awkward moment when #Gotye looks and sounds EXACTLY like Chris Isaak circa 1990 and I'm the only one who sees it."
"Ommg!!! I'm going there later(:"
"I wonder if the Queen of #bubbletea has #tapioca #pears on her crown"
"By popular demand a few VIP reserved tables with champagne (or other drinks) are available at the Hilton Concord New Years Eve Party."
"I just bought a new netbook. It's a Gateway 11.6\" Intel Core 2 Solo, 1.4 GHz. 250 GB HD, 3 GB memory and weighs only 3 lbs. I love it."
"JUSTINS GONNA BE IN NYC FROM JUNE 15TH-JUNE 19TH IF I DON'T HAVE REGENTS I'M FUCKING GOING"
"Time for witness Tree Project Panel, after a very awesome National register workshop"
"#speech I Think the Prez has lost his credibility. This last speech changes nothing. A lame duck prez he could prematurely become"
"Shout out to Y'all put on an incredible show at Numbers"
"funny you saw me 's! Say hello next time :). Thx for watching us in the AM."
"tenor: two hours before a nooner."
"New York's hottest club is Vinyl...this club has everything...warrior princesses, chicken fingers,Jared from Subway & his foot long.."
"3 common lies for boys: im sorry, I love you, and it won't happen again."
"Beverly Hills-"
"Guuuurrlll! Your just perfect!!"
"Fun meeting you today too!"
"#CoSign!!! Good way to live by!!!"
"We can't wait to hear your new songs! We love up and coming artists!"
"Whenever I read or hear P.S. I love you, I don't think of the movie anymore, my mind automatically thinks PSanders I love you."
"check your DM's! :)"
"I mean, yes, you can avoid the handset subsidy model. But you can't get to a price that reflects that you paid for the handset"
"New tour dates posted at bearlakemusic.com. Gonna be a helluva summer!"
"i feel like the Zack Morris of this retirement home. Looking for my Screech"
"It's cheaper than a beer ;)"
"Is disturbed by the alarming rate of pedestrians mumbling to themselves on the streets of NYC. Are you talking to me? Are you schizophrenic?"
"I feel you on that tip"
"everyone in the press said Lee deal would be done by last weekend. There's no reason to trust all this Philly garbage"
"yeah come threw"
"#Nuggets have allowed 4 offensive boards by #Lakers in 1st Q. That's too many."
". hope you took Chris Rene!"
"Trying to find order in this chaos that is my life."
"“: I don't care how many times it is remade, the only real Robin Hood is the fox from Disney...”"
"now! :) come ova"
"dude! what is up with that pic?!"
"A true friend gets you a case of Anchor Steam as a graduation present."
"bittersweet I might miss that class but I'm def getting my 10 pts tomorrow"
"Glad you enjoyed. Thanks so much!"
"RAISE YOUR 25's up!"
"aw I need to go up to golds and sign up finally"
"How nice!"
"dude you just need practice, start with pine trees and move your way up"
"Bitch Dat Money Coming Fast! ..Like A Minute Man"
"any outages in Seattle 98117 or is it just me?"
"Yep!! RT : We're all the 99% at #YWCATriangle but we are not all impacted the same."
"hey Jazzy Babyy! I seen your video of you rapping. It was so good. I was like, \"I know her\" lol"
"you are welcome. Keep sharing great content!"
"Great tournaments on the local, state, and national level can be found at www.tournamentscoop.com"
"love me some Chaka"
"Shower in gym? I think yes,"
"I find myself wondering how you lovingly rip off somethings head."
"Come to #Denver! \": Just 2 weeks away from the start of the tour! GET EXCITED!\""
"cool. big fan of small conferences...just a different type of learning / interaction. bad timing for me this year...maybe next."
". Nina McConigley () Finalist for Flannery O’Connor Short Fiction Award, 2011. Must read her \"Cowboys & East Indians\" story"
"I really want to do some more yoga portraits! Contact me if you're game."
"RT : Having a map with locations of all my classes is a great addition to My UW. I'm glad i wont be trekking ALL over campus"
"GET TAN TODAY! *Specials* Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 Free! Purchase ANY bottle of LOTION over $50 and get 2 FREE HT60 Tans! Visit a salon today"
"that is an epic cover!"
"anyway it is a matter of weeks now until the print version comes out. most of the heavy lifting is done. hope it helps #autistics everywhere"
"I can always count on aikido to make me feel better after a rough day."
"I got nothing to do I might just take a long ass shower!!! :("
"I love the way you think swagg"
"Thanks! (You should have seen the look on my face--that was a sweet surprise!)"
"Nice choice!"
"I am too old to have #JustinBieber and #OneDirection going through my head most of the day..."
"I saw the exhibit on Saturday. Fantastic!"
"Im becoming a boxer... RT : After Pay Per View cut, Mayweather is making about $47M tonight. That's $1.3M per in-fight minute."
"I'm glad we both have great taste"
"Hey! I would love to feature on LadyBallers, you think she would be interested? :) have fun!"
"gives a preview of \"See Also\" new #lodlam project. Awesome."
"Just updated the screenshots in the app store and the app store description. Hope people like it! Will take a while to update though!"
"QoTD: \"A person determined never to be wrong won't likely accomplish much.\" (Ken Wisdom)"
"I qot shoelaces if Mario. I LOVE them, haha xD"
"Sometimes it's creepy how my stations and #iTunes knows my mood and musical taste."
"Checking out #neyo, I mean his new line of hats"
"Anything puts his hands on is gold. I look forward to the event. Good thing going on here."
"I'm watching #RHONYC it's insane!!!"
"I love watching #DWTS !!"
"Learning lots about vPC after an unexpected 5k outage this weekend. Duplicating it in the DC now. Luckily this virtual farm is not prod yet"
"What? Did you guys decorate? I can't get these slackers over here to get their decorating butts in gear!"
"Over 7000 #startup founders & 100s of #startupchampions have joined , helping fuel a nationwide"
"Rest peacefully Phoebe Jacobs. Well done, faithful Jazz General, well done."
"its only right lol"
"getting a political lesson in Spanish.. 😏"
"Arrived in Vale, OR last night. Phew! I've been walking each day since Madras! That's a long haul! Staying here 2 nts then into Idaho!"
"What cameos can we anticipate at big bash on Sunday?.."
"Thx & for the mom's day shout-outs; better than I got frm my kids ;-( Hope you had a gr8 day! Have a good week"
"There was so many damn attractive guys at cornyval <3"
"OMG. Catfight on the #cnndebate Perry asked question about uninsured kids in TX and he attacks Romney on immigration!! Clowns!!"
"Me: \"I think we should just throw them into the water off the boat\" : \"it would be wrong not to throw shamu back in the ocean\""
"There's A LOT of support from Vancouver and Portland, so it would be great to include people who can't actually be in it/Seattle"
"Sorry, honey. Sarcasm falls from my mouth as easily as stupidity falls from yours.\" Lmaoo :-)"
"Thank you! :)"
"lmao feel you"
"I'll keep you posted. My History Channel gig should be broadcast soon, too."
"Next up for Nowhere: the Remaindermen's debut LP due out this summer"
"Bout to go see my second Moma...it's bday...white remy"
"Holy fuck this guy is loud"
"Very bizarre show"
"RT : The Blues kickoff at 7 pm. Come on out for some playoff rugby. Go Blues!"
"I'm at free state. Are you?"
"I was just at target, I wish I could have seen you, I miss you!"
"I'm letting myself write for another 35 minutes then bed. Also let me say again how much I adore"
"did the 99 go away :) cause I followed you :)"
"\"Margarita\" RT : \"I'll Have Another\" wins Kentucky Derby."
"is one kool kid.(:"
"Trying to decide whether or not to follow the East Coast #WDYTYA twitter chat or not or wait until it is on on the West Coast."
"I wasn't sure if it was so I didn't want to be all awkward about it"
"getting ready off to school and then taken my college writing final!!"
"Headlines just hit the stage at Redamte Coffee House in Madison! Come hang out for their acoustic performance plus the return of Pasiflora!"
"Richmond ices Vandy's Ezelie. at the free throw line...4.7 seconds left Richmond up 68-65"
"Happy Cinco De Mayo! Playing \"Los Mariachis De Mexico\" to begin the celebration."
"Thought I had but I hadn't. Now I have."
"RT : Why is it that if you like sex, people think you only like sex?"
"Have you added \"Speakaboos1\" on AND ! Look at what were bookmarking!"
"taught for 5.5 hrs today. whodathunk i had so much wisdom to impart?"
"I hear that will be giving away #Little500 race & concert tickets tomorrow. Go follow them for a chance to win."
"lmao, pause first my name was mahogany too much n dha book you tuned it to that, now its this, whats next"
"You're the best, girl!"
"Guy on the bus Sunday put his hand on my leg is a SUPER CREEPY fashion. I moved his hand & he did it again, so I changed seats."
"Sometimes in football you have to score goals."
"probably will be late Friday night. Should I make a reservation?"
"Also any 'progressive' writing 'not one penny not one vote' will also bear that responsibility for uninsured."
"FF , , , , for live coverage of #Seau funeral & memorial."
"Good News! I secured media coverage with REDBOOK Magazine this month!"
"Im glad I got a great taste in females..."
"the protest movement wanted change... but you chased out the skeptics and turned it into a democratic party canvass."
"Next screening at USC is \"Sin City\"! Stay tuned for details on time & place."
"Finish that paper for Doucet so proud of my self!!!!!!!!!! :-D"
"yet another reason to avoid tempeh"
"Next tweet will be the teaser from \"God is an Atheist and He/She/It Wants us to be one Too\", by Robert Larkin - part of #dareproject 20!"
"Tonight, John Cooper & the Sundance Festival Programmers gave us the rundown on the films that will be showing at the festival. Awesome!"
"All is well thank you. And you? Weekend plans are with family :)"
"Packers are owning this draft so far."
"you should ask callers if they know what year it is before they are allowed on air"
"Eating cereal...out of a tall glass...with a fork...with a 1% and skim mix because there wasn't enough of either, THANKS A LOT WALKER! #huh?"
"“: <--- Truth. I'd actually say Obama probably has MORE Christian votes.”"
"Awesome. We welcome you to #NC. Meanwhile, I've got to find a time to get to"
"Lake Austin"
"PAX wiped us out so much that we have to close for tonight, just to restock. Amazing weekend, and we're sorry to anybody we miss tonight!"
"Wear just a t-shirt and call it a \"short dress.\""
"the animals"
"What a chilly day! I'm gonna have to have a sit down with Mother Natures boss!!"
"The McFarlanette's are busy setting up for Kids Korps gala - A Night at the Royal Ascot. Super excited for our silent, mini & live..."
"Of course! Look at the killer spread w Adriana Lima + Doutzen Kroes. AMAZING."
"DONT GO INSANE"
"You would think after four years of this \"Obama is our Savior!\" bovine excrement I would know how to spell 'messianic' without looking it up"
"Dates and Venue Announcement: 2ND Annual The Film Festival of Colorado June 23-26 at the Tivoli"
"opening was a smash success. Might buy a four piece set photographs of people looking menacingly at the camera."
"Just because you miss someone, doesn’t mean you need them back in your life. Missing is just a part of moving."
"been said i was on, you guys worry about selling cars too much to listen"
"The upright see and rejoice, but all the wicked shut their mouths. Psalm 107:42"
"If Bosh is out all of sudden the Cs might have a legit shot at the title."
"When you dance you'll set the world on fire"
"Good night friends :)"
"they are really good!"
"but ima have to ask you for tequilaa! ;)"
"them through amazon. I bought a book because I would rather support Barnes & nobles than amazon. You can borrow books for"
"Jeff Norris of NASA doing a really cool live Augmented Reality talk on the first Apollo mission."
"I saw 95% of \"Its a Wonderful Life\", 'til Clarence fails to break through the depression. DVD failed before redemption."
"Knows that \"this\" is not by chance..."
"Cheering for #Kansas because it helps my bracket and I haven't forgiven #Ohio for beating"
"Thanks for the RT!"
"Please follow shes very talented at taking photos!"
"I honestly can't even sit through an episode of Jersey Shore anymore... It makes me feel like I'm ridiculing the mentally handicapped"
"I miss my black berry :\"
"these random \"for colored girls...\" lines"
"the DVRebels guide from touches on many of those and more"
"Punish him for my sins? Twisted thinking chief. Twisted. I'll send him your complaints and thoughts."
"And to you! RT : A merry #MagicianMonday to you all!"
"Good night twitter. Be easy."
"like okay."
"I'm with you on that! People keep blowing it off like its no big deal..."
"I need Nyquill but that's downstairs with the Aliens."
"First two days of #Boston trip = dismal, but tomorrow is going to be awesome. :)"
"You should follow They make incredibly cool shirts. Some creepy and spooky (and beautiful) check them out!"
"LUCKY YOU!! YOUR LIVING LIFE TO THE FULLEST!!"
"imagine all the wonderful people you could meet at a game!"
"can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!42"
"yeah me too"
"Has twitter helped your business grow and helped you find new customers? Let us know and you could be featured in the next CRA newsletter."
"Lets get this second half started."
"thanks ..lol that's not my phone number now I have on it ... I moved so its different now lol"
"lmao order that shit for saturday"
"\"Be open, honest & transparent\" - I don't think I'd have a problem with that"
"My new album being broke is a sin drops tomorrow.. Free INSTORES and Online 2mrw.GET READY!!!"
"Mayweather is so full of himself."
"New followers you are all followed back! Thank you so much!"
"Heading off to my last class of my last fall semester ever!! So exciting :)"
"- yeah. Best band ever. And that drummer, kicked ass."
"I got a dirty mind, I got filthy ways."
"38 days and counting until #TEDxAdMo brings you a Force of Change! In one word, what does CHANGE mean to you?"
"I've never seen such a delicious looking dessert!"
"If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough. -Meister Eckhardt"
"This song is as dirty as wet the bed Lmfao"
"will do"
"chicken pot pie..."
"awesome reach out to he has taken over year of the tshirt for the first 120 days. We would love to feature yoy"
"please follow me on instagram my username is iluvya_nojoke. Thank u!"
"its your birthday, whatever YOU want to do. I will be in Irwin until 615ish then ill meet you there I guess"
"Online Marketing Strategies Are Failing, Australian Businesses Need To Refocus"
"appreciate the follow fam"
"Though some of that might just be the context...pull some of the work outta the tent and it'd be easy to really love."
"Having lunch w/ some of the #OhSoFabulous models and catching up on today's news. UPDATE: wrapping-up commercial spot today."
"you guys made my night last night the best night of my life expecialy when cole hugged me.:) :) love you"
"What an amazing performance!"
"Everyone else on the Clippers besides CP3 and Blake needs to step up if LA is winning this."
"I hate when people take forever to text back \"Ok\" or \"Idk.\" Pretty damn sure I deserve more than that. -.-"
"how you doiaaa? (Wendy voice) imu ;-)"
"What doesn't kill you, fucks you up mentally."
"Great News! Starting January 2 we're adding 2 class times. M-F 8AM and M - Th 7PM."
"heart you more!! Be careful driving."
"Forgot to watch #Badgirlsclub , gonna watch it now ."
"Woody Allen Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score"
"If Shabazz picks UCLA like most are predicting we will likely never hear from him again."
"Forgot how good Mr. Rager is!"
"..how come the only way to know how high you get me is to see how far i fall ..."
"Yea I love dat ass to death but aint no 2nd chance. if i fucked off wit yo friends would I get a 2nd chance? lol gotti told my story haha"
"Hot, cold, hot, cold, hot ;)"
"Alright... Alright.. Alright!!!!😜"
"My birthday is on thursday!!!!"
"I be going hamm"
"Regarding the article mentioned, I hope to be able to finish & post it soon. Let me know if you are being informed & learning something."
"well dont wanna be a stalker so whats up lady??"
"Yes, but the thing I've not heard from him, exactly, is it's a loss or disavowal of Britannica. Internet distro is the victor."
"My meetings at #SXSW: Good ones and bad ones. Amazing how all over the place people are w/ understanding new digital age."
"just work a corner :)"
"Post some on my facebook! Listen to Cinnamon toast crunchin for some ideas ;)"
"Why is twitter broken?!"
"I fathered your whole style you could say I'm the Best Dad, Quick on the draw like a portable sketch pad"
"--be you and no one else cuz you is pretty amazing(:"
"nic , what language is gun shot in ?"
"even if they did it never stopped. I will give my Dad a hard time because he's a Cubs fan, but that's it. All in good fun."
"You just got rejected R E J E C T E D rejected"
"can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!56"
"jammin to some #blues and lovin it"
"GO FOR IT!!"
"Thank you for following us! This month we have great pricing on custom suits, fully tailored. Come on in."
"ok....going to lay down..and see when the Landlord shows...if he shows...thanks for listening..."
"Funny Videos - Prank Gone Wrong Knock Out: via lol!!!he asked for that"
"New year lights pathways to go do good."
"I'm getting a divorce."
"I've been stalking the 10 day forecast!! I'm praying it's not another Boston Marathon heatwave!"
"Alright! I'll go accept it :)"
"Excellent--thanks! That site is getting saved."
"#iLoveHow my mom calls my phone to tell me to tell my brother to take out Meat from the freezer."
"On my way to Christmas dinner at my Mother-in-Laws... Pray for me!"
"just getting settled in #losangeles - who's doing good work out here?"
"Oops. It turns out I already traded him for Shiancoe. Nevermind."
"I am so proud of President Obama standing up for what REALLY matters."
"First a combat veteran then an oceanographer and now a climatologist! Busy guy."
"MEDC plans statewide bus tour to tell tech startups how it can help. Catch the tour at #WCI partner Tues, Apr 23!..."
"wasup wit it"
"No #OscarUpset. The Iron Lady – Mark Coulier and J. Roy Helland. But really... Only one person really in much makeup..."
"Let's have really high taxes for the non-job creators and no taxes for the job creators. Thus Pelosi pays 90%, and entrepreneurs pay zero."
"Can't wait for the Jan 24th!!!! RT : In my life, I've had things that couldn't last"
"I hope not!!!  are u still sick???"
"On the school tour 3 shows tomorrow"
"Watching Karate Kid 3 - Forgot how tough Mr. Miagi was. He's kicking some major butt..."
"he's equal opportunity!"
"Well, if it's for the Admiral... MT RT : We need 2000 volunteers to follow"
"To everyone saying I should be happy for Austin: I am. I just miss Summer. K. Bye."
"New title alert - I'm now officially Manager of Digital Media and Season Pass at I wish me well in all my future endeavors."
"#Clippers F Blake Griffin not planning on defending slam dunk title during All-Star weekend."
"#iamme omg its trending worldwide <3"
"Just listening to beats like usual. You have anything you would like to share with me, feel free to tweet or inbox me"
"as a butler grad... Saying we had a ton of talent the last two years takes away from the beauty of it all"
"“For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.” Judy Garland"
"James Brown is a God."
"well, that should make load in quick."
"House Ed. Committee has yet to take up one amendment on HF 517. They are reconvening again tonight."
"ha I wish I was bored at work"
"I'm chilling in Boone....was just on my old college radio station...so much fun"
"God. I need a tranquilizer."
"\"a good ol fashion blowout here in game 1!\" lmao real story"
"This weekend >>>"
"Sometimes they are required to card anyone who looks younger than a geezer. True story. What is a geezer? 92? LOL"
"Congrats to the Croatian Eagles & Coach Toth for the great run. As they say, get 'em next year!"
"Good night"
"“: #Twins GM Terry Ryan has an interest in bringing back Matt Capps. What would be a fair price?” can he pay us?"
"Rio All-Suite Hotel and Casino myvegaspeople.com/our-services/c… via rates starting @ $55 Limited time offer book your rooms now"
"One Minnesota team down, one to go. Good job Bucky."
"The Heat are pretty good though."
"Transportation From Fort Lauderdale to Miami Beach for $65. In a lincoln towncar for 3 passangers"
"That is true. Super annoying."
"this song Dreamcatcher may be the best DBs recording yet..."
"It's hard having vision when others can't see..."
"It's my first time! And some old dude just got shot in the face. Joel McCrea's bowler hat is shocked."
"Cant believe i paid 40 bucks to eat a piece of wood."
"Gettin ready to head home for the holidays. A much needed vacation. Time to get away. Everybody be safe out there"
"Beauty is whatever gives joy. - Edna St. Vincent Millay"
"I'm going to miss lax so much..."
"Fans at Players Championship not sure how to behave when seating not blocked off by tarps."
"it's my best friend Jake! Hahah"
"DON'T FORGET TO UPLOAD PICTURES FROM THE VIP AT HMB <3 LUV U 5EVER"
"Presenting Monday on Folklore and the Printing Press"
"Sat at Red Brick. Hog and Hops. 6pm---Until. $20 now, $25 at door. ALL U CAN DRINK/EAT. Pig Roast by Parish, Costumes, Live Music."
"Crazy Halloween Weekend!"
"happy birthday ;)"
"Van fixed and made it to Baltimore for tonite's show. Now its time to take some frustrations out on stage."
"Follow and just because I said so. Now click follow and go enjoy the sun!"
"My ankles are sore like a pregnant woman"
"I meant 1983 amendment to the social security trust. Apologies"
"Happy Holidays and safe travels."
"...while eat my oatmeal, drink alkaline water and work"
"Happy Monday, hope everyone had a great weekend!"
"Oh I've tweeted before IYKWIM. I don't know what I mean."
"Austin's little dance in his 'one in a million' cover>>>>>>>>>❤"
"New All American Rejects is blah"
"Omg I cant stop eating them!!!!!! Askjglkdghalshda"
"\": I wanted to tell you that proposed to me..\" I bet he didn't even have to get on his knees"
"Show time!"
"I believe it's -21"
"had a great meeting with today. looking forward to working with him this summer. safe travels, homeboy!"
"Someone is getting OLDer! Lol"
"Thanks for the shout out!"
"What are the three words guaranteed to humiliate men everywhere? 'Hold my purse"
"looking forward to your post. We're getting started with Socket Labs for large mailings of policy attestations & they use Rackspace."
"Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!51"
"why are u playing Kan Jam in the rain????? And congrats at the same time."
"Today, in 1964, the first Ford Mustang was completed on the assembly line...and look how far car technology has come!"
"Ye-haa found my favorite peanut butter!! \"M ...cut up a fat crispy Apple and smear it with sloppy PEANUT BUTTER snack time!!"
"For some reason. I just feel really good about the next three month!"
"Ohh great...there's a \"kitten boom\"...a surplus of sweet, soft, fuzzy, baby kittens in Seattle."
"you cant change a hoe into a house wife, unless you let her WORK at home >_____<"
"yeah bro i have to, the whole team should be there"
"'Twas a crime of opportunity. That yellow-eyed Booth took advantage of dereliction of duty by Mr. Lincoln's guard that evening."
"We started keeping Old Bay on the dinner table, next to the salt and pepper."
"LOL at Shaq's drawn-on abs. LOL. re: Shirt-off vs. Charles Barkley."
"So many good articles to read in all the Sunday papers today!"
"Tired of MMA training. Shits got me worn out. BUT IF ANY OF YOU MOTHERFUCKERS WANT SOME...COME GET IT. ILL FIGHT FOR MONEY$$$$"
"Cooking marathon: cheeseburgers and broccoli slaw for lunch, roasted pepper and olive salad, 2 roasted chickens for shredded meat and soup!"
"celebrating my birthday in Florida<3 love it here!"
"My job reminds me a lot of detention...but worse, because i can't sleep -__-"
"when is the next trunk show in Southern CA, preferably San Diego? Fiancé needs to pick a matching band?"
"Tying run at the plate in the figure of Jason Giambi..."
"ya my cousin is freaking out lol she's cracking me up!!"
"Great job last night! Show is terrific - but then, you know that."
"Apologize for the site crashing. Working on getting additional servers, and getting you guys your free tickets."
"Just watched run it now im watch yo and doing the dances to all of them. Chris was so cute!!!!!!!!"
"Rangers are putting me in a good mood tonight. And my cocktail."
"customer service #failure. Three weeks to confirm they lost my online order for two gift subscriptions. Remedied by phone. Ugh."
"That whole \" Gator Flop\" move rarely if ever has worked. Dude still should have fallen down on the 1, but still..."
"Money make all the hoes swallow and money move the crowd and make the crowd follow"
"yea. not happy. at least i have a b/u …. but I like my 50d (prob because its familiar)."
"Anyone ever read Andy Ristaino's Life of a Fetus?"
"Listen, Axford, if you're not going to follow The Only Beer That Matters, at least have your handlebars do the following."
"lol I am now!"
"#BigWest analyst crew on CBS2 in L.A. with coaches Dan Monson of #LBSU & Bobby Braswell of"
"Stop. I can barely take it. Can't wait. My whole day is scheduled around your shows see earlier Tweets."
"hey i MADE A NEW TWITTER ALL OF U GUYS FOLLOW IT P.S. SPAM FREE!!!!!!!!"
"I want to see St. Louis take a no-so-high stick to the face"
"Hey guys, here's a chance to get in on the next big thing before everyone else. Text the phrase cashtexts 2590 to the number 69302"
"i wish spring break could be longer. not looking forward for school"
"Yes! I love Shooter's scripting on these issues."
"Barnes Foundation's new Philadelphia museum, reviewed - Washington Post Barnes Foundation 's new Philadelphia museum, reviewed Washington"
"Sometimes when I'm bored I sit on the toilet and make some life decision."
"u told rickey dn't come for me HA!!"
"alrigh I got you"
"Wow, she's on a roll. \"On 6th street, it's like a mardi gras for the college children.\""
"Ibanez may fizzle later...but right now he is helping the team stay afloat...ride him out...!"
"It's all on you buddy boy!"
"Damn, really on ASVP wave aint he. 2nd time he used one of his beats..."
"thx, pal. yeah, it was exhausting though as I left home at 3:30am went straight over & got out at 7pm"
"Who's happy I'm back ? @"
"When my liddle nephew lays with me> i love that kid to the moon&back<3"
"yes. that is very sad. Have some more drink."
"#RIP Dick Clark"
"Can't believe we had over 1100 people this AM even with our school district on spring break. And over 50 salvations. Yes!!!"
"We're at !! Come on down!"
"u need to get a picture up. Enjoyed watching you at baseball..good drills and you aced them!"
"don't be nervous. We are a kind audience hungry for info."
"Hi, i am your biggest fan. I wish i could be like u when you wake up you go on stage and start singing."
"I'd apologize but I don't know what I'm doing wrong."
"OH: \"they're having like boner parties\""
"Type jokes on #HappyEndings tonight. Helvetica... good choice!"
"I guess bryans considering himself one of your \"girls\" lmao"
"Where's the sermonic selection?"
"I'm feeling good about us forcing +30 vs. the enforcers (terrible follow-up to the movie 300, set at #paxeast)"
"Questions that keep me awake at night: Why don't we own Wayne's World on DVD? Where do my missing socks go? What of donuts? What?"
"Art is just another way to keep a diary. - Pablo Picasso"
"Moves like Jagger"
"Thank you for that! Our animals thank you, too."
"Why get mad when you know you have labeled the groupie hoe.. You passed around like 3rd grade scissors."
"DailyHookahTip#100: Don't ignite easy-start coals indoors without a window open. When the outer layer burns, the fumes can be toxic."
"Interesting word: INTERROBANG - a combined punctuation mark of ? and ! - was the in vogue exclamation for much of the 1960's."
"S/O to for being the coolest and chillest most drama free person a know. I mean that."
"A limited number of Fiddler on the Roof tickets opened up for each of the 5 performances! Get these tickets before they're gone!"
"Excited for the World Series to start. More excited for the human interest story about Tony LaRussa's process for picking a hairpiece."
"you like diaz though right?"
"Speak softly and carry a big ass machete."
"super delish. will admit that envy over your access to koshary has suddenly inspired some \"koshary new york\" google searches."
"Only 15 minutes until Wine Down....come enjoy a glass if you're staying with us..."
"u killed it in the chi gotta come back"
"I want our relationship to be like Tom and Jerry. No matter how many times we fight, we won't be apart."
"Put that ish on"
"don't remind me! Legit so sad to leave 😢"
"Very cool idea! You should do #TheShawshankRedemption!"
"Thanks for all the RTs.. Hope your day is fantastic"
"keep pushin pal, as best ya can.."
"I Love Those #PassItOn Cemercials - \" The Foundation For A Better Life \" Theyy So Cutee (="
"I hate when people use fake pictures"
"If only Austin was in NYC right now, because Justin is there. How cool would that be if they met? Omg. c:"
"Royal Ivey is in a playoff game."
"As odd as this sounds I've heard he gave up drugs RT : Can't wait for Kid Cudi this Saturday. 4/21. Guess he was busy the day b4."
"What the heck is this political climate? It is very strange. Very low quality. Very high priced."
"i love austin but all he tweets about is his concerts and when he says he loves us its when hes sold out something.."
"He can fuck you good, but I can fuck you betta. ;*"
"hi niall ?? how are you ?? notice me really i love you !!2"
"I think you are an inspiration to young girls these days. I wish I could play tennis against you! :) but im not very good!"
"“: I just want the old you. Please”"
"yes i did but that doesnt mean you are stupid you just need to study"
"just incredible!"
"Its my birthday and I'm finally able to start celebrating! any one in DC for the #MOAS on twitter?"
"SPRING LAUNCH PARTY at Rogue's Gallery Monday, March 26. All the new gear will be available as well as messenger bags and wiskully decks!"
"Its hot as hell today"
"Defining the real meaning of building from the ground up staining furniture, painting, texturing walls."
"Its ridiculous that Bell and Rendon chromes are going for around what Sano is getting."
"Tomorrow is gonna be boring as shit for me..."
"yes! Ask favor!"
"\"You win some, you lose some; it's all the same to me.\" From the song, \"Ace of Spades\" by Motorhead."
"That last Tweet wasn't funny, but felt we had to contribute something to International Bone Thugs N Harmony on Twitter Month"
"it's true, you're probably the reason I'm still alive to be honest. Thank God for you kind sir."
"Watching DC United Game"
"I think we tied on sending this one."
"Placed 1st @ the volleyball tournament . Good job ladies ((: ! #jealousloserz !? ..... Think so(;"
"U alwez had a classy style, including when u covered Parkland/Dallas when I was there. Best Wishes. Esther Bauer"
"Cnt sleep as always"
"3 kids + 2 player Wii game =??"
"what does trippy mean??"
"Oh my god. I missed the Alvarez RBI double."
"oh shit really :O"
"Harry potter and the deathly hallows part 2 was the best movie i have ever seen in my life."
"finally a nice relaxing day!"
"Ok time to go get sisi frome school, n with this back pain omw jesus see me tru it@ mercy for n me n all the other kids going hom"
"Loved this weeks . The show just keeps getting better and better."
"Wait. Is tonight's American Idol the finale? And THAT'S their finalists? That's just sad."
"Can information radiators be too big? I guess if they are a fire hazard... Nah. (can't wait until the new 60 inch screens are up at )"
"I hate grocery shopping"
"watching all your videos all again i have them like all memorized<3"
"I hope I never lose you..."
"Thanks for yesterday's RT, Kevin. Mucho appreciated."
"a private social network for businesses. kinda like a Facebook group."
"#MW3 comes out tomorrow, who else is going to be on it? Haha if you're going to wait in line tonight why not grab a $1 #Bartab drink before?"
"since when?!"
"No one ever said life was easy, but several people said you were. :x"
"Can't sleep on the trolley since i might have to move so the person next to me can't get up. -.-"
"Just chugged a strawberry milksake, and a brownie AND a redbull. Why did I do this too myself. FAIL AT LIFE right now. Ima puke"
"Dirty, dirty things that I don't think I'm allowed to say on twitter. Or anything music related. That's cool, too."
"it's great! So much work; how do you do it all?"
"Headed to a Brew City Bruisers bout with & Epic!"
"Busy's great. She knows how to walk the fine line of commiting and overcommiting to material."
"miss you lots!"
"I don't fucken like you, get a life and try not to suck on mine. Dumb ass."
"Looking for a healthier dish to go with that NYE resolution? Try our Marinated Tofu & Seaweed Salad: Sweet Chili, Sesame Seaweed, Soft Tofu"
"I'm located in the Lacuna Artists Lofts 2150 S Canalport Ave Suite 3C-11. I'm only open by appt as of now but you can come anytime"
"Amen brother!"
"great and you?"
"Xbox: You have a update from Xbox Live. Me: Ok cool. Xbox: Great! Its installed! It activates red ring of death! That'll be a $100."
"Kobe making young boys look bad lol!"
"$0 griff bucks not stopping me from getting my sweet tea"
"DONT LEAVE ME IM NOTHING WITHOUT U XD"
"I'm BACK !... again , so mention me for a follow back :)"
"Congratulations r March MVP. Nominated by team for her everyday AWESOMENESS in #PR! & a great person to boot"
"accept my follow request , i cant see any of your tweets ! :("
"Drake is in town wish you were to :("
"Yup, especially with all the recent complaining about the upcoming fare increase."
"Today is Earth Day! The first Earth Day, 42 years ago, led to the creation of the United States Environmental Protection Agency and..."
"that's cool haha :))"
"AW YEAH!!!"
"you're welcome!"
"#Sandusky Can there be a comparison between the MJ molestation accusations and Sandusky? Check out my read on the Insider tonight at 7:30."
"Toilet paper? RT : Can anyone guess what 's top selling product is? I learned this from the great report on"
"This morning the Chispa Marketing team will be representing Team Hammy at the 11th Annual Lou Gehrig’s Disease 10K Run & 5K Run/Walk!..."
"You don't know you're beautiful."
"Jacksonville! We play at the Murray Hill Theatre on March 31st! Then April 1st in New Smyrna Beach! Get there!"
"Why is addazio OC for the bowl game and is urban demoting addazio back to o-line status. And lookin for a new OC, please say yes"
"I jail broke my iPhone last night & I'm not too sure how I feel about it. Any tips?"
"Five films 2day at #wifilmfest last 3: child exploitation, the fallacy of pink ribbons, gay activist Vito Russo. Now, vodka tonics. Many."
"Our senses serve to affirm, not to know."
"Mrs. Tree will have a migrane after having me, Tyamos, Jaylin, Brady, Wes, and Brandon for 3 hours"
"I've been told, \"Grow UP!.... \"Ok i did that, now what?"
"Have you used #kiddori on both #iPhone and #WindowsPhone? Which version do you like best? (yes, they are a little different)."
"someone got stabbed at wal mart over play doe,, and it's not even 12 o clock yet!"
"Oh dang shit just got real."
"#thingsIhateaboutfacebook - when a popular service, that costs me nothing, changes their own format without asking me."
"Wow, Lead Guitarist on American Idol played on the song, Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism.- my 8 year old son sang vocals . Amazing!!!!"
"aiight cool. What would yo stage be?"
"aww im sorry , how was it?"
"Cool guy Andrew Hudson speaking @ #CFEA conf abt his frmr company Frontier's marketing campaign of animals on jets' tails."
"Order sent to Ethan in MI!"
"Booked a small role on a big-studio-funded webseries!"
"Our Midday playlis for today can be listened to after 1PM EDT via #spotify. We'll also upload it on Twitter!"
"that's good!"
"Every time I pass Hunan Tasty Chinese restaurant, I read the sign as Human Tasty"
"Shout out to all the artists in Orlando Florida makin moves!"
"I love pumpkin! Especially pumpkin chocolate chip cookies. I make delicious pumpkin granola bars if I do say so myself :)"
"tell I said hello!"
"And well deserved, I might add :-)"
"thats horrible! I told him to contact a health professional, but I could try to find info in the interim"
"same here. there's just something about cigarettes in movies; i think they help characterization in a lot of films."
"So spring games are all like sorta scrimmages yeah"
"So, people, can we finally now agree that we should rely only on Robe Lowe for all breaking news?"
"If you are looking for a delicious candy flower arrangement for valentine's day--give me a call!!"
"one by one"
"R.I.P Herman Hall One year ago today you left us. I am doing what you told me to. I really miss our talks I love and miss you granddad..."
"our 2 assistant coaches quit, and we prolly wont have our Coach much longer,all through HS ive never had the same coach, thats pretty bad."
"Temple Hamlin (TempleHamlin974) Thanks for the follow. May the shirt be with you!"
"Caught in the rain while walking to the beach for dinner."
"Oh dear--that sounds uncomfortable! You still dropping mad beats?"
"Today in 1934, the first Laundromat opened in Fort Worth, Texas."
"alone with my host stand for the next 2 hourss... fml"
"blow da phone up"
"I was standing right there haha.!"
"And SynTETic wins another ensemble award. I believe the word is \"shocker.\""
"I love you."
"Thanks for the follow! I love your restaurant! It's in my personal Top 10."
"You are the best graduating buddy ever!"
"BRAD PAISLEY IN 18 DAYS!!"
"“: FUCK!!! We lost but it was a good game”yes!"
"Thanks, have a great weekend! #GoMagic!!!"
"Thanks for celebrating at the Milano Inn last night. Happy birthday!"
"Happy Mothers Day !"
"Headed to Playa Del Rey to try take 2 of. July 4th. I need a real beach day! Come on sun!"
"Hopefully Danny Granger won't mind signing our photog 's overtime sheet today."
"Tweet of the Day: \"Don't worry about the world ending today. It's already tomorrow in Australia!\""
"\"Disneyland will forever be our magical spot because that's where my dream came true.. You.\" HAHA. So deep. &Ironic how I'm going today!"
"wats good bro' how u been man!"
"na, I'm three behind. I did zip through the whole first season of #Suits. Wow was that amazing!!"
"Feeling horrible. Can't wait to sleep."
"lol you are making it on your own just fine. I'm only here to keep you from hitting your head in the doorway. Make sense?"
"Standing in hail--I love it!"
"you are eminently collectible"
"Fantastic, Heather! Have a blast!!! I'll be cheering for your Giants! :)"
"More people care about you then u think .. So dont think no one cares ."
"RT : what's the last day to sign up for this?August 31st"
"Trumpeter Byron Stripling is in #STL this week for a #jazz education residency, visiting area schools and working with student musicians!"
"Thanks to Billboard Magazine & the Hollywood Reporter for an awesome #filmtvconf this year. Great panelists/hosts. I'll be back next year!"
"#POTUS = President of The United States in twitterville."
"Goodnight Liz :) I hope your mommy and you had a wonderful day today ^~^ love you so very much <3 sweet dreams darling."
"I want to cry vern, I'm can't be aaaaaaarsed:'("
"they look out matched. I'm a fan and I think it'll be competitive but MAN!"
"teen wolf is trending :) such a nerd I am."
"We hope to announce a Battle of the Bands contest Youtube-style shortly! Start spreading the word to singer/songwriters and bands!"
"Hi Anne! We sent you a copy of \"Pluto\" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Thanks!"
"Lol u or one your guys would be great easy to turn it into a juco powerhouse and. U will actually care if they graduate"
"To all my real(no spam) followers: Live and let God!"
"My body hates me for consuming massive amounts of alcohol from 8am-2am..how does that even happen."
"Our own Gary Cottrell demos how Xactly Incent and work together in"
"Can Life BE any better than NOW!"
"If you need more walking dead before the fall, come hang out on my blok sometime. Lots of zombies in my neighborhood."
"RT : RT : these new pics u sent me goin START A RIOT"
"Good luck!"
"Hey & , what do y'all know about a little ?"
"I am superman REM Life's Rich Passion"
"It all comes down to this i miss ur morning kiss"
"Offer Cotton Tale Designs Poppy 4 Piece Crib Bedding Set | Best ..."
"I feel you!"
"Yes! Thx! But you got the wrong link... MT : Psyched to hear Andrew D'Angelo ! Way to collaborate"
"#in is attending Cloud Connect 2012 at Santa Clara"
"This guy.... na ill get something better (x"
"Huntman calls Perry \"treasonous\" and then smiles. Tea Party crowd boos, then boos Perry 4 providing educations to immigrants"
"Paddles are flying up! AMAZING!!! Thank you for your support! #Gratitude #WellsFargoHere+Now"
"Happy Jackie Robinson Day! 65 years ago, the color barrier was broken in baseball. There is no room for bigotry in baseball!"
"Did anybody take any photos or video last night? We'd love to see!"
"Sounds delightful! We heart !"
"yeah its ok np :)"
"I miss my wife."
"I LIKED IT!!!!! #HungerGames Worth staying up for!!! 👏🎬🎥"
"What a pass by Lebron. Some things you just can't teach."
"#MarchMadness is here again. Who do you have in your bracket? Any tips on some sleepers?"
"oh yeah... no one fucking cares."
"Why is everyone telling me it's too late."
"I think it was a fail on Dish Network's part. I'm just glad that the game is on now. I'm just pissed that it doesn't happen again"
"The Mariners=children RT : Wedge on his relievers on the catwalk at the Trop: As long as they are not hanging over the side..."
"“: Techno music in the kitchen...nobody wants to hear that shit during prep... #kitchenpetpeeves” ?"
"10% off all Bee Mine Products in stock and 20% off all other products in stock."
"Of course I will muppet ps I expect two LOWER case kisses for that horrible thing on the end of the last tweet x"
"Being lactose intolerant sucks!!..especially since I still eat dairy 😖"
"You are awesum Erin. RT : I do what I can"
"I don't know Spanish :("
"Ate breakfast at the Waffle House..great waffles. I wish that I could cook better..especially since I am a Food Scientist in my career life."
"HaRT: happy birthday krusst :D i love you! We need to hang out soon <3 have a great day & dont get TOO fucked up. LOL :*"
"during the next intermission, can you find out how much coffee Doc has had tonight? How does he do it?"
"DYK? Grace Ann Bumbry- International Opera Singer is a member of Z PHI B .."
"Today is going to be an amazing day! 1)- Team BeachBody Paycheck. 2)-Fedex is bringing my Shakeology Tropical."
"Ready for fun and major changes... I'll keep you posted, Tweeps."
"Terrific job on Dancing with the Stars! U and Kyle were great! Keep up the great work! :)"
"got the invite 4 ur bday. Don't know where it is?"
"omg that's a lot! Why?"
"If you love me, love me unconditional Future"
"Just because I look Spanish doesn't mean I speak it bro #englishpleaseandthankyou 😓"
"\": #SportingKC is 2-0 on April Fool's Day, outscoring their opponents 6-1 in those two games.\""
"Look at that we were right something did happen today details coming soon."
"If your gonna be a bitch, dont even bother talking to me."
"thanks for the RT Justin. Hope all is well"
"Brief interviews with hideous men. Remember that book?"
"I really wish today had turned out different."
"When did film get so complicated? I just want to watch a movie without thinking of myself as a baby in a womb who is looking at a mirror."
"RT RT : \"Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once and a while, you could miss it.\" -- Me."
"we were dying today and when you got the pen on my shirt..."
"I had a dream I went to Canada and got stuck there....."
"me estresa no poder entrar al facebook u.u"
"Not clueless but not weak thinking. Me too rather than visionary. Disappointing!"
"begins the hearing at Boston state house on hunger and housing. Calls for a national plan to end hunger."
"Official King of Diamonds Party Bus... Open bar for 4 hours & Limo/Bus Contact 786-223-1654 South Beach, Miami"
"Would kill for a right now. Or at least maim, LOL"
"Just because the semester ends doesn't mean work stops. I have a #blog and a #report due to both of my jobs."
"why we watching the skins? Jabar gaffney is your best player"
"Just attended the PMX convention at the LAX Hilton as a guest #voiceover actor. Ladies of Tenchi Muyo panel. Fun!"
"killin it right now. Thursday night house party"
"Let me guess...... Are u watching"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY X"
"keep your head up. Think like this \"whatever people think about me is none of my business \" :-)"
"Haste in every business brings failure."
"it's spacious enough."
"Apple cup! go huskies!"
"Just ha fun partying with my orchestra peeps! Yeah I said it, I'm in orchestra! I'm loud and I'm pretending to be proud :D"
"eat your words craig"
"Next question for candidates: How do you propose solving the budget cut to transitional housing programs for homeless seniors?"
"RT : Anyone else noticing people outing themselves via Foursquare check-ins. I love it!"
"It's amazing the things you can do with duct tape"
"Flex schedule at hospitals- great!"
"Thank you and for the #TT shout out! Back at ya!! Have a super Tuesday!"
"I hate this summer. I work so much I started calling my boss my boyfriend."
"Thank you!"
"hii Eva, thanks babe..hope you find me interesting.....bye = ] x"
"Richard Marcinko makes Chuck Norris look like Pippy Longstocking"
"ah ok that's good. Basketball, Andy Griffith, good food, flight, etc"
"RT : If u really want something u got to work hard for it"
"If u want 2 get an additional 20% off on clothes & shoes that r already marked down from its original price than City Gear is where it's at!"
"#stc12 Oh, I see what you mean. Under the event itself they have listed as the only speaker. Oh well. :-("
"Thrun: If we can reach everyone in the world with free high quality classes, we can change the world. #HigherEd via"
"Spending time with my grandpa;))"
"umm hope u ain't driving"
"thanks for the words of inspiration, im in here cookin up some heatrock as we tweet"
"thank God gaha"
"Dear You are one of a kind. Theres no one like you, I guess that's what makes you unforgettable(: <3 I'm always here for u!"
"I hope today b an outrageously fun day!"
"Shucks, I inadvertently broke my no more coffee streak."
"Shout out to"
"really? i didnt know?! sneaker heads make me richer lol :)"
"You could sit on your patio today OR you could come to ours and we'll wait on you hand and foot!"
"\"You guys are just sluts with your syrup\" Hahaha"
"G.O.Y., North Carolina! We will not rest until true #equality exists! #acceptance #love is for all"
"Bitch clearly i said im a bitch TOO stating that i DO NOTT eats grape posicles DUHH"
"Search Lecrae \"Church Clothes\" on youtube.... Crazy stuff!!"
"Dont wait till the last minute join me at my new party #LuxSundays 2nite EVERYONE IS FREE when you Text LuxSundays to 74455"
"I don't know who made it yet, they didn't say"
"The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show tonight 7pm est on www.blaze.wwradio.net"
"George Clooney was robbed #SAG Awards"
"shaq jus to dominant during his stretch"
"High schools seniors participating in #collegeshirtday, share your pictures with us wearing your St. John's t-shirt via #stj!"
"Time to get my party on"
"yayyy thank you Steven! !"
"HOLY CRAP"
"#MomQuotes *playing cassette tapes* \"this old school child , what chu know about that\""
"Headin to rumpus room for lunch with the lady"
"please follow me :D 25"
"Call me a traditionalist, but I've got no interest in Pinterest."
"Haha no news yet"
"When I do something in my family because I really enjoy it, then my duty has become my pleasure."
"I used to think it was creepy that he was married to his sister. Then I was sad when he had cancer. I too need a life!"
"The realist on the rise!!"
"do you read many books?"
"): a ballon just poped in my face ):"
"it says my business blue card is eligible for membership rewards, but it won't let me sign up. help!"
"Thanks for sharing :)"
"they dealt with controversy differently which speaks to the cultural differences evident in the museum's architecture."
"RT : seriously, is just completely stealing our GSA vids without credit."
"Shake harder! \": What is this sorcery, Gaga? [Shakes fist angrily]\""
"kernel panic while my IDE accesses virtual memory scares me a bit .. backing up and committing my code soon."
"Have you heard news-Bpt CT superintendent is also consulting for Illinois and looking to replace counselors with volunteers?"
"RT : Early start z. gods kitchen In Kiev tnite!"
"Winter is here so hydrate your skin with our luxury lines of skin care products!"
"Just focusing on English right now. I can't fail that class."
"Don't have thanksgiving plans? We'll be opening at 6 so come on down, limited food but plenty of booze."
"Get me to tonight!!"
"NYC Fact: On April 30, 1789 the first President of the United States, George Washington, was inaugurated at Federal Hall on Wall Street."
"K12Live is like a bridge connecting talented educational people with each other. Check out our List and build your PLN TODAY!!!"
"If you have to resort to violence to solve a problem, then you've already lost the issue..."
"It's officially July, which means I'll be in Seoul, South Korea in less than a month. Wowzers."
"text me, asap."
"I really want to go on vacation."
"Why am I awake right now!?!?! My body needs more than 4.5 hours of sleep....grrr....."
"17th, works man. Shoot me an email, with pic,bio,"
"that was hurtful"
": too many negs to keep. bloat like u said. 2 app pages of crap. cal app widget non existent."
"boys guys like: BLACK HOLE SUN by D.M.Gil ~ sci fi + action. grades 7+. Text, storyline, cover, AND title deemed \"cool\" by my MS lib guys."
"I need new Haters, my old ones are starting to like me"
"nah. He was in hospital scrubs. Etnies on his feet tho, so..."
"thanks for reply. for new hdtv. No sunlight in room. Lcd? Plasma? What would u suggest?"
"Boss frowns upon kahlua in coffee lol"
"People think they want things, but they don't have the discipline. I believe that you get what you want if you want it enough. - Sofia Loren"
"Hobos wipe their bums with the"
"dont know what your talking about. shut your mouth."
"First half ends Detroit 14-10 New Orleans"
"Only 48 hours left to get in on the ground floor and say you made it happen: www.PortlandBoatTours.com"
"unless Tiana got an email, no. sorry :) -Abbie"
"I heart #farmersmarkets!"
"Cool, we'll talk about meeting up sometime!"
"I dont want the lights to go out!?! or there to be a big storm:/ Im scared!!;/"
"Mike Stanley comedy show tonite.. than The Crystal Method at BLEU DETROIT"
"you get the PDF, ePub, and Mobi versions!"
"Are you making it down to Spring Training at all this year? I'd love to be there!"
"Hi steve ,"
"but standing up to a most likely drunken idiot is definitely fair. We are all humans with emotions and I think people forget that"
"Go look"
"\"Age is a matter of feeling, not of years.\" George W Curtis"
"This dudes swimming shirt says: \"my time is faster than all your times combined\""
"Yo, Nashville roots musicians, publicists, etc. We are Music City. Who's up for helping organize an informal concert 4 ?"
"So far as I can tell, The Hunger Games is just (Stephen King's) The Running Man repackaged for the post-YA fiction craze."
"I need to get my nails filled... asap"
"Feel free to bring him :-)"
"for the x factor!!!"
"It's crazy to be able to see how one person can inspire so many and give people something more to believe in."
"Nope, and for that reason, I'll only buy my shoes from zappos. Much less hassle, better selection, faster!"
"how come the death of children is a favorite subject for the Sun on Twitter? How about some insight or some inspiration?"
"3 auditions, and a groundlings show...now thats a Sat!"
"Reason to connect with recruiters varies...do you need to ask ? before you apply to decide if job is right for you?"
"Ready for Community Manager Appreciation Day on Jan 24, 2012? Thank ur #CMAD in blog posts, tweets, cupcakes, beer, or #BaconHugs :)"
"Going to try for a blog posty thing on the end of the semester and meeting Charlaine Harris before heading home for the vacation."
"The opening reception was attended by over 1700 peeps! Here are shots from the event: tinyurl.com/3qknv6m The exhibit continues thru 10/23."
"Dissident case poses test for U.S.-China diplomacy"
"We shall slay in honor of your loss of evenings."
"There is not one sufficient reason anyone can give me as to why gay marriage would negatively affect anyone or anything."
"You are the man! Many thanks for the cargo collective hookup."
"will be tweeting #oscars red carpet commentary beginning tonight at 7pm with ! Head to web site to check it out."
"I'm totally coming in tomorrow for more! :-)"
"follow me Will Smith"
"Let my weekend begin!"
"I might run up to the wood to see Shavonnie!"
"Only my cousin is in the hospital with the gown and some JEANS on... WHO DOES THAT????? 😳"
"Awesome start to the morning when I find out one of my childhood heroes retweeted me"
"RT : #FF & pledge to drive distraction free!"
"What do you mean Mike isn't Monette's secret love-child? WTF! I totally read in a comic I can't be arsed to find now!"
"Tonight: FREE artist talk by Nava Lubelski. She uses the art of paper quilling in her work. 7 pm. paperless' only NC artist."
"And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother of all living."
"LMAO! I don't think so! =P"
"RT : As temperatures drop and residents are without power, The Salvation Army makes the rounds in Branson with warm food...."
"clearly, not a sports guy"
"boii if it was dark in a room I wuldnt be able to cu."
"If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?"
"#AngelsAndGentleman Never set any expectations for Cody, because he'll always be higher than them. <3"
"Sitting next to a girl with a dog in a suitcase; boy with suitcase, upright bass, and a solar panel backpack just boarded."
"I love mine! You feel like your skin is actually getting CLEAN."
"WOWOWOWOW. LMAO! RT : Snookie is pregnant? This calls for a fist pump, within the first trimester."
"have u followed me on instagram yet?"
"lol well your saving women's lives everywhere, so they don't make the wrong decision on what to cover their breasts with."
"\"Look at that he hit the bull. Guy gets a free steak!\" RT Need radar for that. That shot didn't even know where it was going."
"Beautiful sunny morning. . . heading out to a quilt show."
"Definitely not economics RT : \"All information should be free!\" sounds like first year philosophy major."
"#NathanSmartFact he has one younger brother"
"This guy is funny. Go see him RT : I will be performing in Denver next weekend. For tickets click here...www.comedyworks.com/"
"I really don't know :0"
"We are bus comrades!"
"Make exercise a priority today!"
"My bestie comin w me 2 twin cities next wknd. Lv him cldnt ask for better. Camp snoopy bitches!!!"
"so apparently interns were sobbing at the mere sight of Clooney walking down a hallway. I get the same reaction when I see Darrel Issa.."
"I promise the Michigan family and fans I will make you proud again."
"Bring it on!!"
"this is the most important thing I will ever write"
"is Titanic 2 supposed to be how it leads up to Inception. That'd be awesome."
"Unfff Alex Gaskarth put it in my ass please"
"Thanks for coming by! We hope to see you soon!"
"Had to unfollow today. Valentines Day was gonna be unbearable."
"Of to to see Norwegian film Oslo, August 31 Great to see my mother country represented.Support your local films and festivals!"
"Thats so true in so many wayz"
"Have about 40 more bows to make... make it stop. :)"
"Sorry I've been slacking. I'll try to produce a great fart joke soon!"
"Spending this week in Tallahassee was kool, and now its time to hit the road."
"I tend to collect little trinket- boxes."
"Ok I lied I am wearing pajamas"
"Wind me up Chuck! Say what? Special shout out to Silver Springs"
"Bachmann can't go a debate without repeating the same shit over and over and over again."
"I wish was flying my plane today. Guess i'll wait till he's my personal pilot on my private jet."
"Damn good ass night all the hispanics (no racial) people buyin me drinks cause they think I'm dominican. And black"
"Your a selfish brat."
"Today filled with sharing #Bb_Community programs with #Blackboard Upgrade Cohort participants. Want to join the BIE? www.blackboard.com/bie"
"Never forget!"
"She crushes on every smart comic. It's sorta creepy. Esp considering they're in SEPARATE ROOMS. Weird."
"so awesome!"
"yeah pretty cute! #soulmate?"
"it's"
"i would love you....(: haha"
"Ah the little moment from the wiz is inspiring me. I love it omg awww I miss my childhood."
"you inspire me through your generous spirit! xoxo"
"RT : \"We can't afford to NOT automate tests; the manual retest time takes away from adding new features\""
"Just bought some Transformers and Batman gages from Spencer's !! <3<3<3 them !! :D"
"thank you you are too ^^ its evening over here now bhut ithink yur sleeping so txt me when yu wake up^_^"
"I have few projects going on that I need backup singers for, inbox me if you would like to audition. Thanks, Baoku"
"Shorty rode me smooth as my mercedes ride."
"I am so enjoying our shared wedding pinterest planning! If I see cool branch pics I'll def pin them for you. :)"
"lmaoo imma call you tomorrow hoe I'm doing mad school work right now!"
"I hope so! That would be amazing!! You working today?"
"idk, I've never listened to the dude before 30sec after sending that tweet hahahaha"
"She is fired up. Arv would feel the same way - he loves himself some TGIFridays and Olive Garden."
"People, you all need to cool your horses on the politics. That or a sword fight out back."
"“: DT Marcus Stroud says he is considering return 2 NFL this season.\" Please reunite with Jack Del Rio! <--"
"A person must stand very tall to see their own fate. -Danish Proverb"
"Thanks! I love yours too! Did you make it? ;)"
"Getting ready to melt some face! This winter break was far too long..."
"Hope you're feeling better, honey!"
"soon! lol I've been over there a lot lately."
"There are those who quit at the 1st hint of an obstacle & those who conquer actual obstacles. Which are you?"
"We want to welcome back as a sponsor for the Spring 2012 season of !"
"i am dressed as a 70s rollergirl, i just took some jello shots, and i am on a party bus."
"Fact: Some of the most annoying people in the world shop at Whole Foods."
"Darn, Katie. Hope your day gets better!"
"How do u put pics on this thing?(: plz help"
"I'm sorry, but LOL."
"oh ok"
"In the main event, Drake Younger and Jimmy Jacobs battle it out in a Deathmatch!"
"hm...no comment..."
"ok turned on the toaster and forgot to put the food in"
"then my mom is ghetto"
"dude imma make you a sign!"
"If I die never having loved, then I die never having lived. Alison"
"Excited for 80s Thursday tomorrow? Stop by for a special 70s Wednesday playlist!"
"why would I cry?"
"it's freaking hard. That's why I get so pissed!! Hoes."
"who does that awesome dog belong to? So cute!"
"It looks to be a fire hose."
"Justin did not tweet that 'i have to move on' tweet last weekend if the Forbes interview was last week and it says Selena is his gf in it."
"Got it - thanks!"
"I deffo need to make it out there."
"The role of Sid Vicious \"is not a favorite of mine. I can't get away from it... what about all the films after that?\" - Gary Oldman"
"did you tell Analise about dinner on Thursday?"
"I need to find a Pic of myself worthy of posting."
"Shes not here anymore :("
"All I do is go out and eat at Treehouse"
"Mention you're a follower on Twitter for $3 pints all day on Sunday!"
"you're a photoshopping madman!"
"Family is what it is all about. I love my family!"
"I can't sleep. OH NO!"
"\"And my heart beats/So I can hardly speak\""
"In other #SportingKC blogger related news, will be taking over \"The Daily Wiz.\""
"Thanks n same to you! RT Happy Thanksgiving"
"\"Roses are red. Violets are blue. Faces like yours belong in the zoo. Don't be mad, I'll be there too. Not in the cage but laughing at you!\""
"Loves staying on the phone with boyfriend all night; <3"
"ah, don't have a link, since it's just word of mouth i'm doing for a friend. but i'll ask if he does create one!"
"How r u?"
"School isn't the same without my other Chewy"
"I Can Never Love U Again Cuz I Know Ur a Hoe N So Do U. U Just Don't Wanna Believe It."
"\": #wewontwork if you go to space, renos, mekka or the cove. I'm sorry.\""
"Let me know when it airs! RT : Just finished a fun interview with BBC radio about"
"Hello Everyone! It's great to be part of the team. Look out for emails from Speakers Rule!"
"Discussing ideas for the next Recumbent Cycle-Con & possibly another Adaptive Cycling Roundtable geared toward health & mobility."
"Gosh..I freaking love zaxby's...eat more chicken or record music? That's tough..."
"Sorry! Here!"
"He had a little Kirk Gibson in that! MT : Matt Joyce limping around the bases just then reminded me of..."
"Dear Colleague letters are circulating in House & Senate asking for strong funding for Byrne JAG in FY13. Has your Congressman signed on?"
"make that 5 so far, I'm game!"
"The #Brewers scored 7 runs on 7 hits in that inning after scoring only 2 runs on 4 hits in last night's game."
"On the bus en route to the arena to watch the team take on Minny for the National title!"
"I just completely smashed in my kitchen"
"Well of course i do where would any of us be without fans seriously . . And thank you for supporting us :)"
"Happy Monday! Clear your mind of negative thoughts...Live love"
"NBA & LA among top 5 global leaders in sports social media. FCBarcelona, RealMadrid & ManUtd are the rest."
"Nahh lol I'm too antsy and impatient n other stuff to stay in my bed for a week I disappear tho if I need my alone time tho"
"Thanks for a truly inspirational master class."
"Wow pick a key josh turner lite!"
"Tonight was my first time performing songs, that I wrote, for an audience and I got to do it in a place on Ventura Boulevard. God is good!"
"Ahem RT See you at Metro Center tomorrow!"
"i wanted to see Ed so bad, and the tickets weren’t even expensive :("
"Criminal Minds marathon>>>"
"(Jean de la Bruyere) Those who make the worst use of their time are the first to complain of its brevity."
"chances are he DID roll his eyes"
"it's the perfect opportunity to wear the #Sabres jersey. Tell them you wanted to wear blue b/c you don't have a uniform yet ;)"
"I didn't know he lived in Oregon"
"I've read a lot lately about how it's not necessary to stretch before working out.. what are your thoughts on the matter?"
"Don't fall in love. She's a beauty. She is one in a million girls. Love the Tubes. An oldie but a goodie"
"im hating this pregnancy"
"Farmer's market!"
"When I first begin this class with this state, I didn't thin that Louisiana had that much crime...until now! I'm truly shocked!"
"Murray updates please!!"
"i like movies that work as movies.fiction can do much more with narrative. not that i'd find strong narrative a weakness in a movie"
"Do you have any appearances scheduled for this weekend in California?"
"Thank you."
"First mention of the desirability of a partnership with ARTstor... now that would be cool."
"#55, thank you for all you did for the San Diego community. You left a mark and your legacy will live on. Thoughts & prayers to your family."
"Me and put down today we let em know who to be watching out for our there"
"#GOPACKGO #packers or in Los Angeles... LA Lakers and Vikings. Just need to take #Wild as a second NHL to have a set!"
"Keep your chin up, sweetheart. Remember always that we each create our own realities."
"RT this if you're excited for our new single \"Retribution\"!!!"
"#IWouldDoAnythingFor my tattoos to disappear over night!"
"IPad sales soaring."
"This year's tourney proving that I'm too much of a #big12 homer..."
"The country club remains a perk for many CEOs - USA TODAY"
"' I Miss My Boyfriend :("
"If you want your children to listen, try talking softly - to someone else. - Ann Landers"
"I wonder what the Internet would look like if the KONY video had been released after the Trayvon Martin outcry."
"Gale are the good guys too because they gave me a free ride to the airport"
"#Reggae legend #JimmyCliff delivers an *amazing* cover of #TheClash's \"Guns of Brixton\" on his new album"
"Currently reading Steve Krug's \"Don't make me think\", on my way to becoming a more usability-aware designer."
"Meet at Barnes & Noble Camp Creek today ! She'l be signing copies of her new book Redefining Diva."
"So I'm driving in bkfld, tornado is here, no siren that tells me to take cover, I have to find a bkfld cell user?"
"sounds like u"
"Nathan, you're at 900 followers!!"
"Looking forward to seeing what's new on the dinner menu, !"
"Coincidentally, I'm wearing my \"The Fred Sanford Memorial Museum\" tote. Sanford & Son aired on NBC from '72-'77."
"Need to dig out some good soup recipes: Potato Leek or Orzo Chicken Soup?"
"But aren't we used to it by now? Doesn't the witch hunt vibe almost define games as the future? It's a good thing."
"OOPS I mean 10:30pm, coming up, on LIVE on KIRO 7"
"Dinner Break! 30,175... Blinds are probably 250/500 when we get back."
"early night tonight, #night twitter"
"Great energy from our crowd tonight. Willed our guys to keep fighting. Thank you to all who came and supported our team."
"Mahomies Gonna Love♥"
"whoop whoop!"
"lol , so how ya ben ?"
"#TheConversation on #LifeTime was really good... looking forward to next weeks"
"I'd like to thank the angel that left cold pizza on the counter top last night. Your efforts are appreciated. Thank you."
"I take 4 days off & the first thing I read coming back is Liggett has fired just about everyone & is on \"hiatus\". Wait, what?"
"Be sure to follow along for SCOPE Basel in June and SCOPE Miami in December: using #SCOPEArtShow & tags"
"I walked outside and a piece of ice hit me in the head....what the hail"
"lmfao punk u would u guys got ready 4 jimenas bday already ?"
"What are your thoughts on this Trayvon Martin story?"
"Same here. Just adds to the heart attack factor."
"\"Digital wave\" love that!"
"+a mirrin. But i know my luggage went to italy"
"The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits."
"A trusted name for 30 years, is backed by a world-class team of food technologists, dietitians, & scientists"
"#ThingsTygaSays;Do You know who you fucking with...--"
"Watching the #Amgen #TOC on #Versus channel ...let's go !"
"gettin' the #streeza shout out, hope all is well buddy"
"Daily Grill?"
"Thanks! Gr8 seeing you again! RT: Cool twitter bio :) Gr8 chatting with you in the field the other day. Have a wonderful day!"
"Cards are stacked against San Diego ratepayers."
"About to be done with this track though. Yeah. I think it'll be adequate enough."
"Have an awesome week! Raibon Radio on www.LaTalkLive.com Every Wed night 9pm PST!"
"hahahah... Why'd you delete the picture?!?!"
"It's moving day! I feel like Mrs. Brisby. 10 pts if you can name the reference."
"Just put the electric bill in my name...and watched my account completely drain. :o/"
"Two grey catbirds are making a nest in the Forsythia bush."
"when are you heading back to city of angels!? & I went to Commissary and thought of you!"
"I love you:*"
"is watching Toy Story. On VHS. LOVE it. ;)"
"Tomorrow is day one of the 7 days of $1 beer part deux! Hasta mañana!"
"I wonder did do any kind of work today........smh lol"
"Thank you & you're welcome!! :-)"
"I am officially over today! Ugh and I still have tomorrow and Saturday to deal with !"
"Haha hell yeah. I have a football scrimmage tomorrow :/ but it'll be good too"
"“: His Flowered Hawaiian Button down though <<<<”"
"i will"
"Awesome! Thank you! Send me a link when you start one! :D"
"Easter Brunch at The Tavern—Lowry, Tech Center, Wash Park and Littleton! All you can eat buffet featuring ham, roasted lamb, smoked..."
"sorry im a whore"
"you loved it that much midget?"
"that was my song!"
"that's my sig!:)"
"Wiz’s appeal is... the startling success of his merchandise; Khalifa’s... sometimes soars as high as $15 (per head per show)."
"Glad you liked that. I love it! I can't wait to get a power up!"
"happy hour makes us happy too... for all the HH\'s in SEA check out www.gotime.com"
"Justin Bieber is gay!"
"Just missed this category to go back and analyze the nipple."
"Feel that? It's the Big Blue earthquake about to crush your world"
"well I've always hated touch screens & slide cells but when I realized how much u could multitask I WAS IN LOVE!"
"Completely agree!!! RT : There is nothing better then the feeling of completing a solid workout!"
"Man! Why did Usher sing OMG? TToTT"
"good to know, thx"
"Statement. Statement. Statement. Statement ... Statement"
"Featured visual artist Michael Jordan gets his inspiration from dreams, and influenced by Rockwell and Dali. Jordan's work is up all month."
"I love the armani opening piece from highway unicorn/govt hooker, can't wait to see it in person! Also love the MTN/EOG Versace!"
"one of the greats was our manager, Ted Williams!"
"I've been an errand-running maniac this morning, but NOW IT'S TIME FOR INDY AND FUN!!!!!"
"I hate you!! That's not even funny!! I felt bad for you!! You loser!!! I still love you unfortunately. "
"I think folks are taking issue because Lyon's example text uses force/violence."
"watching a movie , by myself being a loner . Lol wyd ? I miss you too"
"#NF LOL I see you I b ducked off on here"
"My heat issues continue. It's supposed to be 80 today. Waterfront run might be in store after class."
"Plus I got a whole city to hold down."
"I'll be back at Spaghetti Warehouse in Dallas on Saturday with some fresh ideas for the show."
"RT G-A-B-E gonna get you high!"
"[Ben's Beers] Sierra Nevada Ovila: awesome wannabe trappiste. 10.4%. Carton Brunch, dinner, grub: New NJ brew, glorious with a burger. 6.6%."
"thank you sir!"
"Tell me about it! Skank, you have missed calls... Return them!"
"exactly no patience!! Smh now she bald! Lmaooooo"
"great msg ! go vote austin and let your voice be heard!"
"dude. we must swap digitz and become going-to-concert friends once you're here in the 312. yes."
"What did I get for record store day? A chance to take my daughters to riding lessons & a school spring fling..."
"HP, SHI, and Box. Thank you for leading the effort to provide aggregated (lowest cost) services as part of the I2 Netplus service portfolio"
"LMFAO. 'I remember Christian Bale...' 'Who the hell is Christian Bale? One of your ancient actors?'...'I never believed in hitting"
"“: i can't put anyone else on until im on” truth"
"follow maybe?"
"a www I could've been the ultimate creeper. I had my name picked out and everything!!! Hahaha #manvoicestatus ;)"
"I love Ender's Game. Crazy author, couldn't get past few pages of book 2. But first was great."
"Looking forward to meeting the Twitter king from Daytona later this morning, We'll see if he's on here before then!"
"good n you"
": \"wait..what time is it in japan?\" -"
"Let's Go!"
"where is breakfast"
"Early voting begins in 2 days at 441 4th St. NW! Mark your calendar and be sure to cast your write in vote for Adrian #Fenty for"
"I have something to show / tell you"
"thank you David."
"no worries. I'm never offended by short jokes, it's not like I can change my height. It is what it is."
"& this is why I don't like getting to attached to people."
"lol you should be! ;)"
"Chris Sale looked great today! Adam Dunn looks hitterish, Santiago has a screwball, Sox @ 500 and don't have Ozzie Guillen to worry about"
"😄pfffft, nah. Mine is all gone."
"I think she's hiding something. Prob jealousy, or style envy, since she dresses like a carb-alien."
"Don't even Get me started on Brands. What an ass clown he is."
"MEANWHILE THE RED SOX GAME IS IN THE TOP 13TH. CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS EXPLOSIVE SPORTS NIGHT?!?!?!?!?!?!? SLAP ME IN THE FACE"
"IS YOU SLEEP"
"Quick run through the old neighborhood in Macon. 100 degrees worth of bad idea. Used to walk around in this like it was nothing."
"3 more papers =( a final and a presentation. but i got this! just a walk in the park"
"omg jon just replied 2 monica O_O"
"Good morning :-) and goodnight im tired :( :-)"
"Loving the purple mountains this morning!"
"Stay Tru To Your ♥"
"I wanna play another show. Can I get a re-do?"
"what's the point in suspending a starting pitcher for only 5 days?"
"You guys are so flacking awesome XD #FOLLOWERS :)"
"its probably the highlight of my day:)"
"sometimes there's no right answer, only the best answer. sometimes there's no best answer, just the only answer. sometimes there's no answer"
"The Museum Wll Be Open Free Of Charge on Sat. 9/10 & Sun. 9/11 to Commemorate The Bravery Of Our Fallen Heroes!"
"Kmamusic.com. The hottest studio in NYC"
"Harris I think the media including Fox has done everything possible to frame the choice for president with the coverage."
"Brainstormed innovative technology with at #NUideation, now for the patents... Thanks for coming!"
"dude. cult logic of born of roo. Xmas, bday, new year, best concert and favorite hangout all wrapped in one. Keeps us alive"
"I wonder if the clothes in China say, 'Made around the corner?"
"No traffic for my Friday drive! + listening"
"does! RT : Does anyone out there integrate HIIT into their running schedule? Has it made you stronger/faster???"
"just came across a random fact on iGoogle. Sharks will only attack you if you are wet! Well, Duh!! Where else would they get you? the mall."
"Tht funny moment when i check the twitters of ppl in my school and i have more followers than all of then (idnt follow them haha)"
"It's perfect outside, day rager with some BBQ??"
"Readn latest Downbeat Magazine. Fewer n fewer print mags left. Like that they've broadened their coverage. Hope they make $ to keep printing"
"RT : We discussed today in our class today. is doing some really cool stuff with..."
"Good talk with and ! I love my best friends. <3"
"Heading to for the start of #dcdrinkup. Who knows where the night will take us? Keep an eye here so you can join the party!"
"ah I just seen Too snakes Sliden Up the side Walk Like we in The Gladees"
"Sunny Colorado day - gotta get outside and DO something!"
"they are all swimminh"
"I dont know how you got my phone # but when I reply to your shitty offers with KLSTOP I'd appreciate if you would actually stop"
"her 3rd birthday would of been Thanksgiving."
"Wow, I thought this week would never end! Hooray for some days off!"
"Wow it doesn't seem like it's been that long! She was amazing! So young it was such a tragedy! My respects.RIP"
"even the suburban housing is good, I did a 3 day cycle trip around Flanders and the design everywhere was great"
"Just got an email from my kid's little league org, titled: \"Child Abuse Tips for Parents.\" Not sure that's what they meant..."
"\"I want candy\" wow this song takes me back... Can't help but think of :)"
"with the girls on tap for a fabulous sunny evening in MN! #Irish_Moxie here I come!"
"Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. ~ Dalai Lama"
"Very excited for Los Ranchos farmers market tomorrow and Fishhugger salmon! Here, fishy, fishy!"
"Remember when we shot a video in Boulder?"
"do you remember when flew on a flight as the only passenger?"
"how about dating me! Laser Show Pedroia!"
"Bitches get laid."
"I will if I haven't already. I have a weak memory in memorizing movie names as I watch many :-P"
"I hate whe She feel asleep early cuz now Im up with no one to talk to but creepers on on here lol jp"
"How's his car?"
"#All Girls Are Beautiful inside and out so go out there and live your dreams!!"
"would Tuesday 19 october around 17.00 h be ok for you?"
"Doing chemistry with jake Lichter is like an old man on his death bed remembering his life as the king of Sweden."
"#quotesOpportunities multiply as they are seized."
"Thanks for the mention !"
"Lawrie will play third tonight - and Miller is the 3B ump. Think there will be some interesting conversation between the two?"
"Make #website content accessible during a"
"- Sunflower of course."
"giada de laurentiis book signing for my sister in law's birthday gift. Heyo!"
"Just filmed a video of him, Comfort and Allison dancing at a club. I'll post it later. RT : I LOVE TWITCH"
"follow me please (:"
"stoopid if you ask me"
"Aria: Free mj tickets, a contact at 1 oak, & catching the tail end of a photoshoot with"
"aww that's so sweet <3"
"I'm so addicted to all the things ya do... It's unlike anything when you're loving me (;"
"Out and about :)"
"Nothing like feeling sore"
"Think I'm suppose to blow you up everyday? Negative the phone works both ways you don't call, I don't call"
"Yeah! Type design workshop at"
"Watching Bruce Almighty"
"when are you in LA next?"
"Austin made me smile, laugh and cry. But most importantly he made me proud to be a Mahomie.♥"
"Happy St. Patrick's Day! Hope you're wearing green so you don't get pinched"
"RT RT : Tonight! Give Me the Banjo on #pbsarts. 9pm ET. We'll be watching AND recording. Can't wait!"
"ok it's official, i got it :)"
"#GiantsLoveJordan played his music today and every day."
"What it do?!"
"I'm doing the same exact thing"
"Curb Center's Dr. Elizabeth Long Lingo Speaks on Creative Campus, Belcourt Theatre at 11:30"
"I'm looking forward to getting more exercise for sure."
"I had yours too"
"Awesome to catch up with 2 of my fave original DC buddies tonight thank goodness for !"
"Planning to may it out there to you June ..."
"So....next up ACORN?"
"Bipolarity- it's the price of liking to read news and facts."
"M-M-M-M-M-M-M- #MAYBACHMUSIC!!! Just touched down in Georgia, next stop #NorthCarolina.. We gon be"
"That awkward moment when tye tribbett gets mad and starts chasing after you."
"Raiders or Denver ???"
"This block party this year will be a downsized venture, tell your friends from out of town not to come"
"happy to be part of it"
"looking forward to the coverage of with playing at the house of blues boston this friday!"
"Who's in New Paltz?? Full moon rock n roll party tonight."
"Happy Georgetown Day! Hoya Saxa and Georgetown Forever!"
"Hopefully Shane be more of a bullheaded badass like Rick last week #walkingdead & pumped for the return of Kenny Powers tonight"
"I wonder if we can get away with playing Beastie Boys at tonight's openings. Survey says???"
"I really want a cigarette today. But I won't. Because I'm cool like that."
"nice perspective"
"Had my morning coffee with in Australia this morning. Love that girl! Now having lunch with the other Ally & talking business."
"omg... I love you so much for sharing this info!!"
"right here...dm me"
"Happy Monday!!! Time for some Oolong! Come on, you had to know that was coming:)"
"It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!119"
"ok I will, once I get to a computer c:"
"It's Sunday.... Which means Sunday funday ! Live music at 5 and beer specials:)"
"It's game time! I got my popcorn & I'm all comfty on my couch waiting for the game!"
"The boys are back! #BrewCrew RT: “: Just landed in the (chilly) MKE...uber pumped to get back to Miller Park! See you in 2 Days!\""
"If karma is real Abe Vigoda will outlive Rupert Murdoch by a decade or three."
"Keri Hulme~ Its the possibility that when youre dead you might still go on hurting that bothers me."
"i can't post to this thing!"
"of course you do! It's yours."
"there's an interesting new ombre look that we've seen lately... light at the roots & dark at the ends!"
"Hahaha! RT : Oh, you have a $500 car and a $3,500 sound system? Teach me how to properly budget and allocate my money like you do."
"Draft articles of war Now!"
"Hi there - glad to see you actually tweeted before you joined the flock:)"
"Cedar Creek Friends, I hope you had a good time. Lock up when you leave. I'm sleepy. Merry Christmas!"
"I finally broke down and ordered a #Stylus pen from Amazon. Look out #DrawSomething no more fat fingered stick figures!"
"oh wow... Sneaky sneaky young ladies ;) yet very sketchy..."
"Happy moms day everyone!"
"Good!!And yours!?"
"Can your preschooler learn anything from an iPad app? - Bangor Daily News"
"that's how you feelin"
"lol, your sisters are annoying & you are too."
"What a nice project, looks really good. Good job buddy."
"The UPS store on Flatbush rocks!"
"Hey every body dont forget to check out the new website #ROCKINIT coming out next month on the 2nd it will be awsome"
"I miss my happy days , I hate how nowadaays I'm suck a bitch too everyone . Huuuuy :|"
"Kirkpatrick kinda reminds me of Chris Henry."
"Still In class"
"Let's see which one of my shows come on tonight???...."
"There shuld b a million reasons why I shuld jst giv up bt I keep goin no matter how hard it gets!There will b sunshine after da storm clears"
"we all can hang . i know you dont get to see him much"
"MAKE AMERICA STRONG AND PROSPEROUS AGAIN!!"
"it's AWESOME! glad you were able to attend!"
"I can't tell my dad what I wanna say cause he'll kick my ass"
"LA blew it like a loud pack! Goodnight!"
"FOLLOW ME:)"
"will do:)"
"Motivation from \"Your brain is like a gun that you load up with tiny bullets of knowledge\" I'm gonna blast this last midterm ha"
"did u edited ur photo ??"
"It's a really unique color. We're fans!"
"provides a great way to spread messages of hate about homosexuals and when you complain you get a closed ticket"
"Austin inpspired me. He makes me happy love you ♥"
"Thanks baby RT SHOUT OUT"
"haha i thought you would say that :), no i would have done that!"
"My goal was to have over 1000 followers by Aug 2011 its been 6 months and I still got 600+ guess this what I get for never going on.. Fml"
"And those guys know that they are catty, they laugh at themselves about it."
"Amber rose and wiz khalifa made a song together ... cute :)"
"Could there be a bad one?? :) RT : Was it a good mention? RT : mentioned"
"GET IT BABES...paperchasin tell that paper look I'm right behind ya!!"
"#ThingsThatAnnoyMe When people step on my shoe!"
"Working and rooting for the Timbers today. Also, trying not to buy all the new, cool t-shirts and jackets we got in. Go Timbers!!"
"now I don't think if gannondorf when I see your tweets"
"oh thank you!!!! Will grab it next time."
"In an online poll from Special Events, respondents say the hippest colors for 2012 are neon colors."
"haha yeah it would be!! especially playing lacrosse :P"
"So. how have things been around her lately."
"Ive come to realize that i can be a jealous person"
"talked to the girl whose heart stopped, literally, after she scored a goal to win her field hockey game. On at 11"
"love it!"
"Now and then I think about all the times you screwed me over, part of me believing that it was always something that I'd done"
"I have been getting too used to the gym, I'm gonna check it at least."
"RT : “Oh please don't go- We'll eat you up-we love you so!” - The Wild Things. RIP Maurice Sendak."
"Thanks for the RT! :)"
"Tweeting, for fun, from iCab for iOS."
"Yahoo! The Pirates won! I hope they can keep the momentum going."
"RT : its kind of fun to do the impossible. Walt Disney"
"thank ya, I don't know where I'm going yet"
"LOVE IT! has to be a good feeling to finally have your official season tix in your hand, right?"
"thanks </3.....sorry I'm too fat for you"
"Final 3 days of Sectional Sale! Sale ends April 1st!"
"My children are following you as well... if you see them, it will probably be too late, though. :)"
"right back atcha!"
"Win a free 2012 Orange Challenger"
"ha yeah I didn't want one but I'm managing a hip-hop artist and this is how all of his affiliates communicate so gotta get wit '11"
"Ganna play pac-man"
"you're just a hater. I tweet at athletes all the time, beg them for free stuff. Yet I am the coolest person on Twitter."
"A fave line comes from a #Gatorade commercial. Sources of inspiration are everywhere >> It's not where you're from; it's where you're going."
"is yr property @ Bedford Springs very accessible? Scouting venues for future events {Wounded Warrior Week}; 2 hrs from DC right?"
"Gas prices are going down!! Or at least being steady.. and I'm getting money back, thanks to GlobalGasCard!"
"hahah you're probably doubling someone in the band. hopefully the saxes...."
"I. Don't. Wanna. Work. Tonight 😭"
"uh no"
"Actually, I go back to it every 5 years or so. Very fond of \"Michael Kolhaas\", probably one of the greatest stories ever."
"Its a full house for our bout today! Halftime score: Bombers- 56 Bleeding Heartland B team- 44"
"So...I did it. I worked for just another half hour or so on a pendant, and it felt so good. I feel energized by creating."
"I don't just blatantly say this to someone I don't know but U R one of the best actresses of our generation! 1 gal's kudos :)"
"anyone in library school at FSU in 1992? yes? ok. did you see where I put my wallet? -- (why did I think that was funny?)"
"Wheres she bad I mean super bad follow her she will follow back."
"If viewing photos of this on a regular basis is considered a \"problem,\" you're doing pretty well!"
"Gawd, I love me some Cher. And glitter eyeshadow. Especially Cher IN glitter eyeshadow. I'm like a gay man in a white girl's body."
"Barak Obama is also a few blocks away."
"I'm actually laughing out loud in the middle of class!"
"Such, such, such a good time on as always!"
"Vegas is a crazy place!!!"
"I'm loving how all the teachers are slamming tests on us with a week left of school. There's a things called finals aka A TEST."
"Take my mind off smokin...lol"
"Win. I'll snag it from you sat so we can chill it for sun BBQ."
"Watching scary movies with is too funny. Lmao"
"I heard you accept the triple dare to go catfish hunting. Looking forward to watching! You are hilarious."
"So, I just got to wear a cape. Like a real one."
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! Hope it's been a great day!"
"Day 2 of crazy nap dreams. No naps tomorrow."
"It's going to be a long weekend and DAY/NIGHT. Aye"
"MAVC closed today...all practices are canceled for this evening."
"Im wrking on mobile app w &we're calling a grp of stops collection connections-but path works too [more]"
"G.M.N.I.: Can't sleep. Reflecting. All signs point to the obvious."
"Messing with people on the sidewalk with lazer pointers>>>>"
"good show last night boys!"
"hahaha...do us both a favor..stay out of the wx office."
"I hate that shit"
"ME TOO!"
"so when u endorse 1 view of the future you're implicitly politicizing yrself. Im guessing this ticks him off."
"hahaha ohh yes, there will be plenty! =p"
"my friend through a rock at this crazy old ladys car and well she chased and we ran lol... It was crazy"
"Selling my couch tonight"
"Thanks Lady Di, keep grooving with us!!"
"The weather is fantastic, I've got the day off, and I just realized my shirt glows in the dark. This has all the makings of a great day."
"Your number is still in my phone for a reason: to not respond when I see you've texted me"
"I want to start working out everyday"
"1963- #Beatle George #Harrison was impressed by an unsigned rock band he just heard called the"
"I'm really excited for our carb day attire"
"You are uniquely you"
"Neutrino a go-go."
"Charles Barkley's talkin' trash again! He called the Riverwalk \"that dirty little creek\" last night, do you agree or is he talkin' smack!?"
"Kids did Secret Santa w/ each other 2day...Dyllan made Tia a video, Eli wrote Naika a song & the girls did Bama pics 4 boys! Pics to follow!"
"#peopleiveseenlive High School Musical, Hilary Duff, The Jonas Brothers, Cheetah Girls, yeah I'm cool (; Paul McCartney and Justin Bieber <3"
"Krav Maga techniques are taught at different levels of hierarchy"
"not a great throw, but still Barajas has to catch that ball before he tries to throw to third."
"Blog audience management: not all strangers are bad, not all physical world followers are good. \"intimate public\". Aimee Morrison"
"Compared to the weather at home, it's glorious!"
"Really liking this album, can't wait to pick it up"
"Home again in Mexico: Illegal immigration hits net zero"
"We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them."
"Could we stop using the term, \"Wordsmith\"? As in, \" Scott, can you wordsmith my vague ideas into something meaningful?\""
"Take my side, come on , you know you can:)"
"this hurts but I appreciate you being sassy enough to tell me to my sass"
"Another #Christmas in Washington DC this year. Can't wait!"
"Watched your movie bout 20 times and it still hasn't gotten old"
"I love you girl!Your the best!!!!!!(:"
"Let's chat more, but I'm game, & interested in hearing things you guys do out there. Commencement is 5/12 but I can make it work."
"Couldn't agree more! RT : is not a bad place to be a regular"
"Have faith in humanity? Try reading the comments section of any news website and we'll soon fix that!"
"Thank you! Loved the post."
"i love the feeling when you get outta the shower! :)"
"#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn hesitating before saying your name"
"thank you! Have a great Friday!"
"After another 15 hour drive from Tucson today we finally made it back to Oakland. Time to sleep in our beds tonight. Thanks a million!"
"im so stupid for what i did"
"Mr. Ordieres. Are you going to try your hand at being an extra in a movie anytime soon?"
"I am SO sorry about those ignorant \"ICONiacz\". They thought they were cool and funny, they weren't."
"These Coyotes are either saving hockey in the Valley or giving it one heck of a going away party. Either way it's a fun ride."
"Coffee Yum....."
"google needs to let me in. I feel left out"
"Aw. So cute. Thanks for sharing with us fans. Congratulations"
"Ah I loved it, I want to stay up all night and finish the book"
"Kind of obsessing over \"Payphone\" & \"Both of Us\""
"My students hadn't heard of Pavarotti and called Kermit \"Hermit the Frog.\" But the point of being true to your own voice was made, I think."
"i found myself un happy"
"tenth graders in pittsburgh are already taking there PSAT wow time is fast."
"“: Box of wine nd endless ciggs before my accounting presentation #normal #dontjudge #imperfect” too perfect for u klecs"
"Way to go #Obama, thanks for finally facing one of the most pressing civil rights challenges of our generation square on! Let's do this!!!"
"\": I might be a bitch sometimes, but I have never, ever lied to you.\""
"you nursing that elbow at the bar?"
"working hard to get to where i wanna be in the music industry LESS GO"
"Don't hate me, but I like the Application Frame in Photoshop CS4 Mac because it helps with focus on messy desktops."
"But not from my boobs lol"
"Those is #NOLA for Jazz Fest & \"For True\" . Give it a buy and a dance. Happy Jazz Fest NOLA !"
"#Teamfollowback help me get more followers <3"
"Well said Fam. It's either Real talk or Nothing."
"FinancialBreeze is FinancialHott.........! Leaving ATL for Alaska (yeah, right!)"
"A double by Andruw Jones gives New York a 5-2 lead over the rays"
"RT : Thanks for your hard work during #LiNC. I feel like I had to be over there in the Marina room! See you next year!"
"Thank you! Well....the gym I got to is pretty lousy. But it's something. And good for you too! :)"
"Heading to the crib"
"RT : Its International Walk to School Day! We're live for the 2nd half of Wakeup at McKinley Elementary in Tosa"
"Found you, Vucifer! Now upload a picture instead of the egg."
"forgot to mention, that sign was for a children's swing ride."
"Ladies - time for lunch tomorrow? Need to chat with ya."
"get me out of Chicago already!"
"you know it! I've been saying that for weeks now! Someone will listen eventually."
"Anyone got a cure for a quarter life crisis? I'm at a crossroads and don't know where to turn..."
"go to work."
"That Durant dunk was nasty!"
".Your getting married to Vinny 4 days before my bday?! #sweetness!"
"wonders if someone driving a VW bug knows they are causing fistfights wherever they go."
"definitely a good thing. Keep em' coming as fast as possible"
"Somehow I KNEW Calloway wud say Aniston. In fact u cud hav said most anyone vs Aniston&he will go w/Aniston."
"RT : Offline skills are just as important as online skills."
"RT if you think the #Phillies offense will come back."
"Thank you for your hard work at exec. meeting tonight!"
"science on sidewalk- it takes just a few ants to move a dead fly"
"He looked shredded too. You can tell the conditioning work he's doing in ABQ is paying off."
"A bag of sun chips just got stuck in the snack machine at work, how have we not come up with better technology than the spinning metal ring?"
"CGQ this Wed @ M-Lounge. 7pm."
"1492: Isabella evicts Jews from Spain, Portugal thrives; 2011: Rick Perry disses Jews in Texas, New Mexico anticipates boom! Ya'll come!"
"#UfPrChat men's fashion? I rep Men's Wearhouse."
"sweet! Yeah headed back to tpa now"
"Showering with the door open :D"
"it's closing session time - can't wait to hear again, he's always got something interesting to talk about!"
"lol tomorrow night!"
"cool! I'm looking at planning a trip down to that area in July. Anything we should definitely hit up if we have 3 days?"
"Good convo at #SXSW about \"Branded Documentary Films\". Follow along at"
"Wow I said luke alliger instead of james smh that's embarrassing ( ._.)"
"very cool! Great exercise :)"
"So ready to get out the crib and graduate, one week from today!"
"What is a man's view of safe sex? A padded headboard."
"I'm gonna start going by \"Tafari\" for this music shit. That sounds dope. It's official."
"Not much about your personality so much as your love life. Yikes!"
"Awesome news! Congratulations to the Terso team!"
"Where in the world are you tuning into the seder from?"
"Merry christmas!!!!!!"
"Happy birthday"
"Omg i can't.I can't."
"Fuck what u heard bitch I'll fuck ya fuckin brains out, and make you wash your boyfriends sheets to get the stains out."
"Beyonce, you don't know what you do to me girl!"
"#peoplealways forget to help those who need it most :["
"you can't even ride it anymore..."
"lmao why u say that"
"gotta lose 12 pounds but my mom keeps buying yummy food D;"
"that's a nope"
"Life gets wild but you stay up"
"Introducing FREE tickets at Disney + Free hotel nights! Call us for Details."
"Is miranda singing into a jack rabbit ?"
"Take a windex bottle. Clean it out. Fill it with blue gatorade. Walk around Walmart squirting it in your mouth. See what people say.(:"
"RT \"You can't fight for the equality of yourself if you’re not willing to fight for the equality of others.” via"
"Today is the day that I might get a call that says that I might be able to go to the Abramovic lecture. I'm lookin at you,"
"Well I can wait."
"\"I'd totally read that book\" from a friend of . Words of encouragement HUZZAH!"
"Jessica is a fine singer but she has no personal style :( Not a super star. Sorry, girl."
"I'm putting together a presentation on Leadership - anyone like to throw their 2 cents (or local currancy) worth?"
"text me"
"Will Cincy ever get a clutch kicker??? Looks like Shayne graham is back! Pathetic!!!!!"
"This grounded chick is cute but she's grounded hahahahahaha grounded. Bad dog I mean girl thingy person"
"uh oh!"
"true..... Twitter via tv. Craziness"
"you back out hun that grate news"
"R.Carson \"Only w/in the moment of time rep'td by the present century has 1 species..acquired sig power to alter the #nature of his world.\""
"#BringCigs in Twitter Jail :("
"Still working on chemistry...because my life rocks"
"Shot the prologue scene today! Great stuff. It will all be revealed in an exclusive release february 17th!"
"Ladies: If your bf tells you where he is/who he is with do you really think that he's trying to cheat on you? He had friends before you."
"Campus Superstar is thrilled to announce as a judge at our Carnegie Music Hall on April 1, 2012 at 7:00pm! Don't miss it!"
"Nice meeting you too, & thanks for re-following. Would it be less intimidating if I had said five feet twenty one inches?"
"-- Thanks for correction! We'll tweet again! Want San Diego wine lovers to know about your #wine storage facility."
"<3 What a great day"
"Haven't been on twitter in forever..goin thru 4 phones in 3 weeks is not the biz. But praise God I have one now!"
"I'm going H.A.M. Cam Newton"
"there's honey in it?!? CANNIBAL!"
"Very excited to go on my first mission trip to New Mexico in June with !"
"QWiPS appreciates the accolade! Enjoy using our App!"
"oh yes love this. yes!!!"
"I love downtown at night :)"
"Anyone interesting in networking with professionals involved in the home warranty industry please check out the Linkedin group, Home Warran…"
"haha I've never heard of these songs lol but I like that one song by bruno mars it will rain!"
"The ultimate test of a moral society is the kind of world that it leaves to its children | Dietrich Bonhoeffer"
"Ready for Eric Church?!"
"S/o to my new follower !!!"
"Sad about MCA. I was just wishing for some new stuff from the Beasties and now it won't happen."
"appreciate the retweet-thanks Bill"
"ClaireM21112103 Thanks for the follow!"
"Sounds like a perfect morning to me!! RT : It's a Spice Girls kind of morning"
"What is it about the loneliness and desolation of the train platform that makes it the only place I ever get hit on?"
"What does the 'finish' line look like? > accurate, vertical-specific Google? Stack Overflow? How does GOOG respond?"
"i use remember the milk too but i'm thinking of trying teux deux because it looks prettier (ie, minimal)"
"ooh that doesn't sound good! Have you seen a pulmonologist? My DS is recovering from pneumonia right now."
"Me to gym buddy trainer: \"The day that I give up white rice will be the day my grandma rolls outta her grave + smacks you upside the head.\""
"lmao... I'm trying to better myself. I get one reckless moment a day. I accidentally uses it already lol"
"Coolin in class ready to go home"
"Coming back, we'd take turns entertaining, singing songs and the like"
"Don't worry. Those are old."
"#Texas fans follow Orangebloods.com for full coverage of the Under Armour All American Game & US Army All American Bowl"
"still there?"
"I realized this when I was walking alone, if I ever got robbed/mugged I would go into complete psycho mode & totally damage whoever it was."
"People Saying Swagg! This and Swagg that. Okay okay i get it but dont say it a million times everyday its annoying af. Smh. -____-"
"Lonnie Bunch: Museums are very special places for wonder, discovery, and transformation."
"Thank you my friend!"
"This fell apart!"
"1st section of ppt done and clicked in at 17slides only 3more sections left, this is way longer than I thought. Due in 6hrs"
"i cant tell whether im happy or sad"
"$110K - Perm Candidate - Core Java, Enterprise Java Bean (EJB), JDBC and Eclipse, expert with web application design and implementation by …"
"maybe I'm crazy but I enjoy the after workout soreness."
"Also note that the address book UI became harder to use in addition to gauche"
"TONIGHT ONLY! Get 1/2 off a pepperoni, sausage & pepper or eggplant & fennel pizza! Password is \"PA BALLET\" *Dine in only*"
"the doodle map. I hear your stick figures are phenomenal!"
"Its so nice out today...i hope it stays like this"
"Bitch, I'm from the Bronx. Ill fuck you up!"
"Today in Literary History: On May 1, 1923 Joseph Heller (known for CATCH-22) was born in New York."
"Take Your Meds Or Get A Hobby...Whatever Comes First!!"
"Nice to be here. Now stop pooping on my couch."
"Like it! :You can’t focus on your blessings & your problems at the same time.The one that has your focus will shape your thinking"
"Thanks for the follow ! Your story is phenomenal & inspiring. It truly spoke to me.."
"I mean, what would you have said about Gary Sheffield, the worst brewer ever?"
"Good foul"
"I may just try to sneak into the 's networking event tonight without paying. That seems like a great conversation starter."
"Anyone els think last night was scary no power :( thank god we have power now :)"
"When is Sam gonna stop being a bitch and unblock me."
"Seriously. I HATE attack campaigns. They all suck!"
"Portland Trail Blazers and Providence Health & Services join the Save Portland PE Coalition! saveportlandpe#"
"Thx to reader Pierre Menard for that last one!"
"it's all about them giants!"
":) RT : So cool to drive home late after epic good news day & see purple billboards on Biz80. Thx"
"And if you have a problem with my last tweet, then that's your own fault. You know who you are, if you were involved with any of that crap."
"\"Watch your head Shane!!\""
"“ a cotton ball soaked in white vinegar to a fresh bruise can help reduce the darkness.\" you need this..” hahha totally bruise machine . 😔"
"OMFG YOU LUCKYY FOTHER MUCKER!. STALK HIM, MEET HIM,& TELL HIM I SAID HI."
"Angel! American accent for Japanese and for Koreans almost ready for sale at ITunes! Working on Spanish now."
"I thing so too! Its definitely fresh food on the spot with most that is served on the street, great post:-)"
"Finally got a smat phone!"
"how could you have found love when I'm still here cryin waitin for you to find me :'("
"Getting ready. #ohyeah ."
"I would love to! Someday maybe."
"thank you!"
"I find that the most challenging part of my job. I just do the best I can to demonstrate how and show features"
"my inner thighs are getting so muscular they kinda smash my balls when I walk. Anybody else have this problem? Lol"
"Any mke #runners heading down to the Chicago Polar Dash sat.? #DNation will be there and so will our awesome mentor !"
"Best place to go shopping for cool guys T-shirts in Denver??? Anyone??"
"Either the coffee kicks in, or the madness sets in..."
"I am slowly becoming addicted to twitter.."
"Hi Todd, thank you for the follow, nice to meet you."
"we would be happy to replace it! email us at and we'll get her another"
"Look beautiful outside. I'm spending the 2nd day in a row on the couch, so sick with very little sleep."
"Welcome Back to Twitter !!! :]"
"What do you think?!? Delicious!"
"Thanks for the rt. It's a great film!"
"Mac Pro just experienced a kernel panic while streaming JODI's My Desktop OS X 10.4.7. INTENSE."
"Happy Sunday David :)"
"FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word \"ALOHA\" to the bartender and your first drink is free."
"Tuesday. Killer Cool Entertainment/ Visions/ Breathtaker/ Caylee's Killer/ Ascensions"
"Lol I understand he's upset with the wing God it's cool and yea that nigga ate the bravehearts and them tears ROLLED"
"yeah.... like hold the spit please lol"
"Wishes that , , n would follow me.. *eyes shut tight, fingers crossed* :)"
"it looks likes the image you click to see if you have more emails on mail for mac :P people still use ones made of paper."
"weeping of him!"
"Just saw on Nip/Tuck (watching series) OMG WHAT an AMAZING actress I totally believed she was a redneck! could be family"
"I think the correct response is, \"my wife isn't quite ready to give up wine for 9 months yet.\""
"Green bug for kitty, green smoothie for me! :-)"
"building>battling any day."
"I knew I like you..."
"Desire is the starting point of all achievement. - Napoleon Hill"
":O YOUR MATT IS *STILL* BETTER THAN ME MATT?!?! :("
"Good Morning Miami! #TomorrowIsFriday Any awesome weekend plans??"
"anyone wanting to chat? i\"m bored as hell."
"...a free ticket will be sent to the USO of Missouri as a result (1000 free tickets are available)."
"for Prez - we need someone to"
"I like that one. Now if I just had time to read a book."
"we are waiting patiently :)"
"the aspirin thingie ^.^"
"It's Pintastic! No? RT : Is the term \"Pinfluence\" already sounding goofy to you too?"
"Ah, I like that turn of phrase."
"Who knows. He may be back."
"WMYB was just playing at my dentist office..And my nurse lady was singing along she said her favourite is Harry Styles ;)"
"Just one more fight about your leadership and I will straight up leave your shit cause I've had enough of this!"
"They're gonna have to name the love baby Mercedes..."
"yes, I'm watching! Yes we can!"
"Jlo has such a nice body for an old broad"
"its makin me mad and i aint even playin nor are they my team"
"C'mon Vernon. Act like you've been there, because you have."
"40 fashion students who designin all my merchandise. & she hella shallow damn, she could be my perfect wife. this is for my hos"
"You're lucky you can get on Pottermore!"
"hey thanks for the follow +VP"
"I feel ya lol"
"The man who gives little with a smile gives more than the man who gives much with a frown. -Yiddish Proverb"
"Happy earth day"
"lol ik it's bs and your my BFF I trust what you think:)"
"I think the cavs fans are getting tired from booing. Too bad cuz it seemed to give the Heat more fire :)"
"Broke Guy Lol"
"You gotta lick it before you stick it... Ah so true!"
"Your ego gets in the way of greatness, you arent a humbled athlete yet. Get it together and meet us in New Orleans"
"Created a new odd-size marketing tool today. It's a beaut!"
"Come back I think so"
"I love out new church home"
"Kobe just splashed that bucket for 3!!!"
"Ha! Nice try"
"Most exciting moments in sports, last 2 mins in BB or Philly/Pitt shaking hands after 2 nites sweep by the Flyers!"
"bout time you got twitter bro!"
"sac up is gonna be awesome. Im waiting to hear from flip if we can use a"
"R.Wolven objectives: collect preserve make accessible web content of research value, dev sustainable program"
"looking fine and classy as aways in your white suit :) love you"
"I can't stop laughing at the Real Steel trailer."
"today was..... Idk"
"Fear is the enemy of will. Will is what makes you take action; fear is what stops you, and makes you weak."
"Fell in love with Joanna Wang. Her jazz voice is so fascinating. I can listen her songs for million times."
"Can u make me happy ??? love yahh <3"
"“: bc its 11/11. Usually plp make wishes” -- what's your wish?"
"I had a blast this weekend!"
"So exciting to see new faces in class tonight! Yay! :)"
"Great night with #goodfood #goodfriends At trocadero. Fun including dog raging bitch beer. Order up one of those."
"What do you think about this Justin Bieber nonsense?"
"#yankees AJ RISE TO THE OCCASION."
"Who the hell wants to see someone's dick hole on Instagram? Isn't that what Chatroulette is for??"
"Ray Allen Missing Free throws"
"Sometimes I wonder how long it will be before I get cancer in my right testicle from keeping my phone in my front pocket"
"I hope he keeps beating it! Send me the link to your blogpost on #LLS so we can read it! ( )"
"Well, hun it was created to show our dislike towards the refs and be rebelius against the league"
"Daft punk music video is too funny"
"Balancing my Fitness"
"RT back on the diet/exercise program. LET'S DO THIS!"
"hey i've got a question for you (baltimore sun) can you email me sam.sessa(at)baltsun.com"
"Agree RT : I hope that Cal gets this season revoked too"
"RT: if you #BELIEVE in yourself..."
"Love the movie, I want to see more! www.myspace.com/sethnathan"
"Still $200 short of our daily goal. All we need is 20 people to give $10 or 10 people to donate $20. Lets make it happen! =)"
"Probably get a Hyabusa or something"
"Lol at the guys yelling \"nice ass\" to me while I was playing tennis. You pissed Nick off. Thanks."
"yea really"
"No microwave should need to know the date in order to set the clock. Even AM/PM seems minimally invasive. Tip of the cap, Sunbeam SGC7701."
"Looking forward to the Excursion to Auchentoshan Distillery"
"Me: \"Hola! Como estas? :)\" Spanish guy: *Speaks mad fast Spanish* Me: \"Dude, chill! Dora didn't teach me that yet!\" -_-\""
"“: Spa staff in swanky resorts in Miami ask massage clients if they have ass implants so excess pressure injuries are avoided”"
"thanks you guys! You rock!"
"yeah. Wasn't the best SNL but the 100th digital short was too funny."
"Many of my NYG tweeps on my TL will be split because of the NYR vs Devils series"
"Mizzou. “: where did Alex go?”"
"Wow...Yagin's face was a bloody pulp but he held on and got the win. Awesome fight!"
"Wow, that first kid is unbelievable!"
"history shows that as our troops transition, US commitment on civilian partnerships and development have not been as robust. \"a big mistake\""
"I can not stand the lack of his eyes.."
"The fallout continues indictment of the founders of three online poker companies as the FullTiltPoker sponsored Onyx Cup has been cancelled"
"Empty Bottle in one week! 12/28, 8pm, 3 songs to honor Alex Chilton. Come on out!"
"I Think I Wanna Go C Her!!"
"Another Bead Fest over. It is the highlight of my year! Make your plans now for joining us in 2012! The new venue in Oaks, PA was great!"
"exactly. One can never have too many books :-)"
"did he really say that? \"half in England think she's guilty and here in the US, it's just the opposite\""
"Leave it to to totally screw up the debate so quickly"
"extremely lucky haha I do but no car :-( but hopefully I'll get a better job and save money, get a nice car!!!"
"Follow -Clayton & partnering w/Arise Africa 2provide safe & loving homes 4 less fortunate children of Zambia."
"S/o to my new followers"
"IS IT EASIER TO GIVE OR RECEIVE?????"
"Pete Carroll gleefully will tell David Hawthorne to come back home."
"So you are coming back to NY in 2012?? Please do!! I want to do it all over again."
"I'm not out there sweating for three hours every day just to find out what it feels like to sweat."
"The only reason people hold onto memories so tight is because memories are the things that don't change; when everybody else does."
"I reckon he would be a worthy CEO. A great beard of history in the making."
"This whole thing Is driving me crazy 😱"
"RT : Being with sissy is the best! 💘"
"Thanks to all who came out and bought jewelry from me!!! was an amazing event! Looking forward to many more!!!"
"Glad to connect on twitter!"
"Thanks dude, it was great finally meeting you."
"Lisa Sun: Skillset for finance & consulting similar, but consulting requires strategic mindset, finance demands focus on action"
"Beau Bennett has signed with the Pittsburgh Penguins. Bennett is the third underclassman to turn pro after 11-12 season."
"Man you aint never lied. I def miss those days."
"zombie survival tip # 601 - during a zombie apocalypse, try to use hiking boots or combat boots instead of regular sneakers"
"Camping this weekend! ⛺"
"#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle diary of a mad titty"
"The news is so unexpected, I thought half these tweets were about some strange character attack on Whitney Cummings."
"I was hoping Gruden was going to take Norv's place. Maybe someday."
"this is important? How @ bailouts, Fast&Furious gun-running, drone murders, Solyndra, POTUS lawyers admitting birth cert fraud.."
"Missing someone + No texts from them = Worst feeling."
"“A young soldier survives the heat and sand only to die in a frigid creek with a young mother's blood on his hands. Horrific.” ~Brune"
"That's what they always say... RT : I don't hate you visha there's no reason to."
"Wish we could've seen this sooner! We hope to see you soon Joanna! Have a BLAST @ the White Party!!!"
"No matter how you try to protect your children. They will eventually get hurt and you will hurt in the process!"
"specifically is was the light & panel over the door of the car. Not sure exactly the problem was."
"More good advice from Don't get too attached to people who aren't working out. Don't let them poison the atmosphere"
"free tickets to some museum. should i go?"
"Than you for your website & recipes! RT : thanks for the lovely post!"
"#glee in 1 hour and 15 min!!!!!"
"Thanks a lot!! You see me trying to match your shutterbug prowess, too? The more I do, the more I know I can't come close. :)"
"Congratulations to Mary Snee on winning last week's Friday raffle! Come in to the store to pick up your bottle of Goose Bay Pinot Noir!"
"My 3rd graders just said that Opening Night means: When a play opens...at night. (Eyebrow lifts)"
"#shoutout to the new follower :)"
"Shout out to \"I will never kneel!\" awesome fucking band."
"No, I have nothing against the new 360S, actually might get one myself. I don't know, XBOX's just seem a bit unrealiable."
"me & queen Elizabeth & Eazy E Have the Same Birthday ..Swerve!"
"i'm too fast!"
"Took the words outta my mouth:)"
"How do I view the new Twitter layout?"
"stop dancing to slap you're elbows in a thong on you're table its realy strange can I join u"
"That would be an interesting project if i can make the time."
"Christopher getting on my nerves"
"For a upscale place like , you'd think my customer service issues could be solved in less than 5 phone calls."
"HELL YEAH!!!"
"Its so annoying that \"a lot\" isnt spelled as one word"
"See you later on today (technically) <333 so pumped."
"whats your favorite place to shop online?"
"Damn dog mad respect , I saw your tag at the Chuck E Cheeses restroom!"
"Just arrived in California... getting excited for Renaissance Weekend and SoCap!"
"go head and take off without me im n da burg bruh..had to wait for ups n shit"
"when i tweet a celebrity, mays well talk to myself. it's not like they would notice by how many mentions they get. pahah xD"
"Generally for Westerners, China = lack of compassion, lack of sensitivity to human life, raging economic threat. Media feeds this."
"I can come over around 5:30 I have to go to church at 4 so thats the earliest I can get there"
"I used to think it was weird how many people were religious, then I noticed how many people believe and trust in the internet."
"Don't make me get all death metal ona b*tch"
"Earthquakes are so cool"
"Was Rickie Weeks' injury a blessing in disguise?"
"-smiles back-"
"RT : #dearfuturehusband I love good sex- it comes wen u look in the right places #hinthint lol"
"what the hell was i thinking"
"There's great rum punch at Nipper's on Great Guana key"
"While I'm complaining, I have to run in the evenings this week and I don't wanna. Wahhh. Ok shutting up now."
"I am 120 pounds! D: you're fine. -_- and I didn't even mention my thighs! :O you think I have thunder thighs!!!!!"
"Ahh! #Jane Eyre is trending! Hurrah! For free access to selected articles on JE go to www.maney.co.uk/journals/bst & click on 'top articles'"
"Phipp's latest hack? An app running on his iPod Touch that lets Phipps manipulate every subsystem of his car from across the parking lot"
"Is this national pick your nose day? Everyone I keep driving past is really diggin. Lol!"
"Ur welcome boo just want u to get well... cuz being sick is no joke"
"Want to talk to you about a TV appearance...please email - Thanks!"
"Of course I knew I'd hear that. I have an empty 32x40 that I could fit a beautiful nakie woman on. :P"
"Apperently this little girl thinks im old enought to have a 10, 7, and 5 year old...."
"Ion even be in this shit Bruh"
"fuck yeah! You think you'll get it?"
"trying to get the locals' feel for things. SD is a very transplantsy city - not many are \"from\" here. I met a gal here from Pitt!"
"Thx to for a well-attended #webinar yesterday! BA Competency & Improved Performance in #Insurance &"
"so you got tired of loosing to me with them. Lucked up and beat me. Now saying \"its my team eye always play wit them\" lol"
"\": is anyone EVER on the same page in a work environment? If so, tell me what page # so i can turn to it.\" Wow so perfect."
"The noise twitter makes when you refresh it on your iphone , chicccchchicch pop!"
"Did you see the drummers chin pubs? Now that's LOVE."
"I CANT"
"Jon B - They Don't Know ♡"
"nobody taught us to cook, still niggas will grill."
"Hubby is going to make cheeseburger chowder for #dinnertonight. Its a great night for soup. Yummy!"
"Even with all the demoralizing vocabulary of rap music, the two grossest phrases to me are still \"heavy petting\" and \"College Republicans\"."
"Busy day in the studio today."
"So sleepy. Watching the clock until a reasonable bedtime a few hours from now!"
"I triple dog dare to RT this!"
"GRIND BOLD flavor is Mocha Java."
"what do you mean MAY Haha they are #oldman just kidding homie."
"Thanks -- we're on it!"
"The cleverness of original tweet is that it was made at 8:04 AM #ifyouhavetoexplainajoke... RT : RT :"
"#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate my ex's all say I have issues.....blah, what do they know!"
"I saw juan at the mall he broke his leg"
"Sad day for the #mets and all of baseball....will miss you Gary Carter"
"You don't \"manufacture\" communities, you nurture so its a combination of organic and influenced"
"I like sex talk early...lol"
"dont judge me i was tired ugly"
"I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care."
"Cant blame me!!! :) RT : Damn was up $700 and gave it all back."
"Come do a show in Dallas please!!!! :-)"
"I like it!"
"thanks for the positive energy in twitterworld this sunday morning! :D"
"Someone just recommended , but it says they will post Tweets on your behalf. That sounds risky to me. Anyone have experience?"
"Really tedious pixel clean-up work in Photoshop is a strange mixture of enraging and cathartic."
"lawn mowing in the summer. Bad memories of California"
"\"Even if it is unpopular.\" YES"
"i'm a vegetarian and i would be interested in checking the pictures out."
"Welp good luck on them"
"we need to schedule a visit!! so jealous :)"
"I love Vincent's smile. So adorable! (:"
"if watching Disney movies makes u gay, i am SUPER homo and proud of it."
"what's its called?"
"Anxiously awaiting tomorrow's #americanidol results show to see if made it to the next round!"
"Im a ranch chicken and rice wrap and a Blue Moon Pale Ale."
"Have a great Sunday!!!"
"I was too busy showing love Ian see the signs"
"Duke vs Carolina tonight def the best rivals in college hoops!"
"definitely would"
"it was a family friends house. Beautiful view doe"
"Letter from Wofford >>>>>"
"#YouAintNoGoodIf you LIE about everything"
"Our 200th tweet is a thank you to all our followers and anyone who reads our site! Can't wait to grow even more w all of you!"
"15 hours and 15 minutes until #Nanowrimo I am starting to panic."
"Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results"
"that shit was so funny"
"so u wud stay with someone with bad sex n order out lol ok"
"I'm thinking you might want someone to job shadow you this summer, say the weekend of July 1-3??"
"A special ed gurl at school was trynna fight me haha"
"RT I go so far as to think you own the universe."
"And this makes 30 officially signed for #Timbers: TIMBERS ACQUIRE FORWARD SEBASTIÁN RINCÓN on loan for the 2012 MLS season."
"In ISS bored as fuck -_- This is the dumbest shit ever and I got three days of it. Cooll"
"Singer Etta James was released Thursday from the hospital - James is battling the final stages of terminal leukemia, as well as dementia"
"I smell like chlorine and lotion. 😖"
"A beautiful Friday in Colorado. The birds are chirping, the sun is shining & all seems right. I wish I could share my peace w/the world."
"why do females get on fb and twitter and become hard to get and sought after all of a sudden???"
"cutting up the Finals right now for re-broadcast. Sounding awesome!"
"and massive monitors to do 2500x1400 iPad retina images"
"Huge congratulations to for getting into the #USC School of Cinematic Arts graduate program! They had to accept you"
"Truth: The crazier the chick, the better the sex."
"someone should've told you , I want you <3 -"
"now your just somebody that i used to know :)"
"Where did the day go? Scrambling to get anything crossed off my to-do list before someone adds another item."
"THAT WAS NOT A KNOCKDOWN!!!!!! HE PUSHED HIM!!!!!!!"
"We attract people who are reflections of ourselves. So beware of anyone who wants to be with you when you're an emotional wreck."
"Oh, that sounds lovely! And I am, thank you. :)"
"Thank you so much!"
"I know lol"
"Family of SDSU student Barzeen Barzanji reflect on his life and their loss and share what they believe took his life. News8"
"Less than an hour until line dance lessons in Murfreesboro! Learn how to scoot your boots TONIGHT from 6-8pm! Yeehawww!"
"“: Summer Goal= Meet some new people” hello!"
"All packed for ! See ya in the am! xo"
"LOL!!!!! No wonder they \"went another direction\" lolol"
"How many times do you think the beer line, David Cross joke has been told today, at pitchfork?"
"Work, work and more work."
"U up"
"Will the IA/MN game be replayed on BTN this week?"
"How many of you die-hard bible and church believers never read the bible? Read the bible for yourself. Some people lie about bible info."
"I watch Community for Annies Boobs. I love that monkey."
"It's a world, we just live in it."
"my eye has been twitching for 2 days....enough"
"what is OmniFocus? Haven't heard of it before."
"“: Any loser can blow $2 on lottery tickets, but to lose $2 billion you have to be CEO of Chase.”"
"I'm looking forward to it! See you in a few hours."
"#2ThingsIAppreciate Friends and Loved ones."
"Today's lunch special- OYSTER PO' BOY SANDWICH with french fries for $12.95 (served 11am to 6pm)"
"Teaching done for the semester. Now I'm in grant writing mode. 'Tis the season!"
"Thx for the shout out! You Rock :)"
"yup you are correct in regard to the NJPS in Xml.... Good luck getting the rights to it though;)"
"damn... take me back to the 80's and high school. #imissthe80's"
"Woot! Best baby hedgehog pics I've gotten all day! You know how to make a girl feel welcome to your Twitter stream. ;)"
"I think it's all of them, including Johnny Gill."
"Good luck to all the runners in the #PittsburghMarathon !"
"Looks like I'll be applying for funding for a trip to the after all. M, 1830s court martial transcripts..."
"did I mention my 30th was last Saturday?"
"Hey fellow SD Joomla Developer, I see you're interested in Jomsocial! I have experience and would love to collaborate."
"If you want to do a protest vote, I hope you're ok with telling your grandkids that you could've voted to save the country and didn't."
"“: lost in house music is where I wanna be, it's gonna set you free” he knows what's up...keep streaming the house music man"
"Thanks to everyone for celebrating 10 years of at the 2011 #Milwaukee99. A toast from !"
"yea I knoe how dat is"
"did you read Jordans interview on dating and love and life with ? You should do one like that too!"
"i think im going to go to sleep but ima miss my baby , roar; theres always tomorrow to be with him <3 goodnight :D"
"Instagram for Android....."
"There are no small acts of kindness... Inspire."
"me to"
"ahh, so that explains the skid mark seen on Reb's face as you left said men's room, per WLOX...."
"Thanks for following! Looking forward to reading your tweets & connecting!"
"Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!"
"The ARTstor staff is getting ready for this weekend. Expect photos!"
"Hi Rudy, thx for the follow. If you have an iPhone, check out our app - RAVN Events. Would love to hear what you think."
"I'm in... Let's kill this bitch!"
"those paper sculptures are amazing!"
"We've reached over 100 followers! Thank you to all who are supporting us! :)"
"We'll talk in lunch (:"
"Hang in there bro. Hang in there. Ha."
"Oh well..."
"everyone knows"
"Just preordered the #Overexposed album by for my bday!! So excited I can't wait for it!!"
"You can only have one: A) Adrian Gonzalez At Bat, or B) Adrian Gonzalez At Bat Song, Bon Bon, by Pitbull. Your pick?"
"The plumbers have arrived and are inspecting the shit magma coating the hillside. I'm glad I'm a writer."
"You are most welcome!"
"thanks for the #FF!"
"Indianapolis Colts 3/4 ′ ‘I Heart Logo ’ Enamel Pendant – Sterling Silver Jewelry"
"have fun bro! Any ideas on your next school? Like top options?"
"It's the best parts of the 90s and today. Coolest city in the world."
"auction at with I THINK YES! Stay tuned ABQ"
"We have #fallentoaspirit here at the Scott house this #WhitneyWeekend. \"I Will Always Love You\""
"Well it's from 7:55-2:20. That's basically our normal like last year. Tech just puts 20 more minutes there to fuck with you all."
"I've invested far too much money into one Triathlon. I thought I was a marathon runner. Cheaper! let us get tires this weekend!"
"IM ALREADY LOSING IT!!!! JXOSNDIDBOXBDLAJXISD"
"it's already gotten!"
"I did. Hope yours was good too. Thanks for following back. :)"
"is your GF done with her undergrad? taken the MCATs already?"
". force of habit? insanity? : re Panel presentat'ns: what need r we trying to fulfill w/ confs & panels?"
"Beautiful people are not always good but good people are always beautiful."
"we BOTH just hash-tagged MNF, even though it's Sunday. Yup, long day."
"agreed, that shit is classic"
"Congrats! way to go with honoring teachers tonight!"
"Up...bored & alone of course :/"
"ladies love me"
"yep he's cracking the whip....LMFAO"
"umm...Suddenly I love the \"Cat Daddy\" dance. I wonder why"
"and now i am feeling that my next job will be found by zen archery- visualize the target and it will be there."
"so weird. It kept on showing me one of my drawings for a different game"
"Bendiciones, I hope you guys do great!"
"Marc Gasol always has this look on his face like \"Ugh...if only my name was Pau...\""
"Some great followers from this week:the"
"Quick! While the Royals are gone, someone sage the shit out of The K."
"Are you a school in the New York City area using TriCaster? I may have a press interview for you! Send me Direct Message!"
"is a great organization."
"Louis surprised Eleanor before she went in to her exam by popping out before she walked in to begin the test."
"Nice! You like some brownies with your sugar? ;)"
"very good! Way to show the kid who's boss"
"#Surrendered... \"If You Want To Stand Up; You Got To Learn How To Kneel.\""
"What what Premier show! Yeah'boy!!!!"
"this by far is the greatest tweet in the history of tweeting"
"Great closing! Wonderful play."
"I hope I become the birthday magician from the Clear commercial when I'm old."
"amazing! Flawless etc. :D"
"RT : Twitter is so cool! where else can a chump like me get to talk with Ernest Hemingway's granddaughter?"
"Tomorrow is the big day. Andrew meets my parents.. may god be with you ."
"Workout.time at golds gym lets see how.this.goes"
"Please, do help me peer-pressure the brilliant Need her there :)"
"Waiting for doc to finish up the scans now. Feeling good about it, though! Coolest technician ever! :)"
"Bob!! I am always keeping tabs on you and other favorites. Have been regrouping and will fill you in soon. Take care!"
"HUGE #NFL SUNDAY @ BPOSport.com w/ #JT hitting his LARGEST NFL PLAY to date, #MrW hitting his LARGEST NFL Release to date, & #HKC SNF WIN"
"Ppl piss me the fuck off."
"I've been drooling over the SIFF sked & have marked seven SIFF films on my calendar so far. I think next year I'll apply for creds"
"Your Healthy Thanksgiving Survival Guide"
"I'm so there!! Maybe I'll finally go see Cyrus? RT : I declare this 'Leave Work Early Day'!!! Who's with me?"
"I'm thinking should I go out and chill or should I stay in and rest my bones"
"I wana be his ride or die bitch ! he not ready for it and its pissinq me off.!"
"It was pretty great haha. The table-top one filled my younger years and I was just reminiscing. Haha"
"Thanks Mark! WE LOVE YOU!!! Miss you and see you son ;) RT : Hope the tour is rockin socks off. Love you all."
"If anyone can put me in touch w/ someone from #treme production, that would be cool. Trying to right a minor wrong that went unnoticed."
"side on the cross examination (:"
"the only (stressing only) good part is that it won't be a long drawn out process. No two ways about it, teething s#%$s."
"I really don't understand why my Braves are playing so horribly tonight. It makes me sad. We were tied for 1st. :("
"I hate condoms, but I hate kids more. STRAP UP !"
"I LOVE YOU TOO (;"
"I fuck like a champ."
"YouTube is my life 😁"
"Thanks, looking forward to the game. See you Sunday at the Galleria at Sunset for UNLV Day."
"Anyone want to let me stay with them for a while? Big fight with my parents and need a place to stay. lost my phone too"
"Today is the last day to register to vote for the May 14 primary!"
"UPDATED MY TUMBLR."
"OMG!!! The Jeanius did it again...The new Italian Cream Cupcake is FIRE!"
"awesome! count me in"
"momma told me not to cuz aubreigh slept so long during her nap :/"
"#IndieMusic MP3: Amanda Jo Williams – “The Bear Eats Me”"
"Super Cute!"
"im soo depressed now:("
"Gas is 3.94 at walmart. Get it while its hot. Everyone else in avon is"
"Today will be the first time shooting a same-sex wedding! Its also my last wedding of the year."
"The REALCHANGE Project continues: Say Yes to Education Gala Tonight!"
"it's none of their fucking business, you hate when people get into your shit, tell them to get out of mine."
"Please follow these nice followers of mine! ! Thank you guys for the #FF!"
"very little. Mostly in the Lin Shaye explanation of 'the further' scene, that was for story not for tech.RX cleaned up the rest."
"I can only begin to imagine the glee that my 15 year old self would feel watching and on Twitter."
"All my calls tonite are \"What Can You Do For Me?\".I can do alot with Cash and Cosignor. Agent Potter"
"If you have to choose between me and her choose her because if you really loved me then there would be no choice"
"...Your partner clucks like a chicken during romantic moments OR have Philip Seymour Hoffman close walk behind you everywhere you go"
"Just because I can"
"aw c: RT : Drama Queens And Party Scenes"
"\"Goals should be challenging - but not impossible - while providing value.\" Glenn Hughes"
"I want Galaxy Leggings."
"sounds like the #Devils strategy pre-lockout. Sorry I had to mention this heh"
"Want to know more about local pet events in ohio sign up for our e newsletter on our website WWW.OhioAnimalCompanion.org"
"Judging Specialty Herb Vegetable beers for the US Open. #BJCP. Someone's gotta do it."
"« There's nothing worse than losing who you thought was your best friend.»"
"is not amused by this weather"
"Dearest #fizzyfamily and , I'm so sorry I haven't been on in a while. BUT, I'm back now <3"
"#1DupAllNightToNumber1 live it,love it, TREND IT!"
"What brings you joy?"
"I love her."
"Off to Tubac for Spices - 2011 should be a zinger of a year. Time to get ready."
"Thanks Matt!! Have a great weekend.. I know after this one I'll be having a tiny celebration things are back to normal!"
"is that the song from old school?? Or sampled from that song?"
"We don't get to see lunar eclipse here much from all the smog hehehe! It does sound nice though :)"
"I love all those things but I'm getting sushi haha"
"Two wells could give two villages fresh water for years; don't apologize! Applied to any colleges yet?"
"The Sloan Summit on open access put on by the Boston Library Consortium yesterday & today: a rousing success. Thanks, folks."
"COME TO CALI!!!!!! I need to see you<33 Or I might die"
"wait stop... what you know about krump lol"
"just got the news made dfw fashion wk"
"Let go of everything you know. The destination lies ahead, and we are not alone."
"you should meet me downtown tomorrow while at her shoot."
"It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you♥ 8"
"Happy birthday"
"it's fine, I'll just be the rebel in this friendship :P haha"
"Have you ever changed a whole text message just because you didn't know how to spell one word?"
"It's a windy day here in AZ. What's it like in your neck of the woods?"
"#ReplaceATLSongsWithSkunkHair ?! really why dont u just shut up! -___-"
"Ben from LOST is sitting five feet from me. Anyone have a message for him?"
"Gym? No. Gym? Uh uh. Gym? Ehhh. Gym? No. NO. It's almost boating season... I hate you. Gym?"
"good meeting w/ they running a full page ad in issue"
"“: Yes you MAY #WineWednesday ” cheers!"
"YAY!!!!! off to volleyball practice ttyl my lovelies <3 :D"
"wats good pimp"
"I got an iPhone so I don't have bbm anymore, text me 9545123190"
"The UD-ELI will be at the EducationUSA intl education fair in Sao Paulo Brazil today 5pm-9pm Intercontinental Hotel (Alameda Santos)."
"Just a little this and that!"
"gettin my new tv today so happy!"
"awesome news Sarah, congratulations!"
"Lots of work to do this weekend, f-in taxes included. Gonna focus yo dog, duck duck duck duck loose my mind."
"A 3 year old member of Mensa showed that while she may be a genius, she's still just a 3 year old"
"Augustana and The Maine are two of my all time favorite bands and to see them together ...."
"Exhausted by the mental strain"
"After about a month of quitting the pain medicine I looked back at the weeks past- amazed. No pain! No nothing! Continued next tweet"
"Finished all my grad school apps and two residency apps. i think two more residency apps and I'm done. what a marathon!"
"we'll be there! Cnt wait!!! X"
"RT Is Frank Luntz the illegitimate son of Newt Gingrich? Sure looks like it."
"Can't wait to get home change and do absolutely nothing with"
"RT : Kansas Jayhawks versus Kentucky pansycats tonight. Rock Chalk, Jayhawk...thank god basketball season has arrived."
"I bet Doc Rivers wish he had his son Austin right now"
"Watching the cops bang on a neighbor's door to no avail. I'm so nosy."
"I ain't Neva wanted to do nothin but make me some money stunt and fuck some bad bitches that's not too much I don't think"
"great thanks!! How are things with you?"
"ha😏--> “: #Scorpio's sex appeal seems to ooze from every pore.”"
"I hear ya."
"oh idk I might have to work"
"Yikes few minutes late for first growthcoach meet"
"Holy shit I've tweeted more today than since I made this freaking thing."
"God give me some strength so I can finish this day....."
"With factoring, cash is released as soon as orders are invoiced and is available for capital investment and funding of your next orders."
"Sometimes I wish I had a big sister because it's kind of hard to talk to your 11 year old sister whos only drama is who stole her pencils"
"I do not think it at all sporting to go to games in a critical frame of mind, just to find fault, just to criticize. [1944]"
"Next year's after party will be in Detroit :-)"
"#Foxtrot automates data entry in FACETS, Amisys, MEDITECH, STAR, and CACTUS. Automate claims data, payment data, provider data....and fast!"
"1 essay question down 5 to go"
": “There was never a better time to be alone.”"
"Everyone should skip the rest of the workday and day drink. Sound good?!?"
"I think I showed them what I don't got!"
"Yeah of coarse. I'm a whore. You intersted ?"
"I'd tune in for that. Sorry, loved Zodiac."
"The bills are back to square one. We need Luck."
"Ryan Hurst from Sons of Anarchy has the best twitter name ever:"
"Thank you so much. I'm still a little bit wrecked. And for the nomination to go to Song of the Nile, it's especially sweet."
"Farewell to of #NYT who says, \"Ethicists come in all shapes and sizes.\" Just like people."
"Rookie QB Jimmy Clausen will get his 1st NFL start Sunday for Carolina! This could be the start of a long career for this kid"
"Ughh sometimes i wish i could be myself around HIM<3"
"big hairy audacious goal"
"Graduating this May? Make sure you use #Suffolk2012 when tweeting. PS Bring your smartphone! :)"
"thank you so much. I really enjoyed being part of the project!"
"Big up the Street Bass massive everywhere! Have a great Saturday night!"
"*crying* omg, I'm right next to you so you see how hard I'm laughing, omfgggg. RT : ahh, her teeth are kinda jacked"
"I wear my club masters and listen to \"I stand alone\""
"my flat butt will never be in velvet brown pants on a treadmill, or in real life. oh you asian cuties yahoo cuttteeee."
"do you make children drop their ice cream? :3 <-Kelsey xoxo>"
"not really. Too tired;"
"welcome to the blogger group!"
"Had the most amazing Firewalk this weekend. Thank you NY/NJ for playing full out! 5000 firewalkers WOW!!"
"Stress, stress everywhere. Jugar algo de"
"Won't see my sister this weekend cause she has to babysit :("
"I wonder how is doing?"
"I get , nice dev work & benefit to the food truck owners & consumers. Efficient for both sides. Good job team!"
"You punking me out?? Hm??"
"RT I seriously don't think I can watch anymore...."
"Yes. It all meets at the area under the staircase. Lots of outlets there too."
"One more hour and I'm out of the cube."
"Amazing idiots in LA paid $1000.00 + per seat to watch a fight and spend more time trying to see their self on the jumbo-tron lol"
"I'm looking and I'm frowning"
"Do i want to run track still um"
"By my calculations, Jaromir Jagr is 447 years old."
"Certificate (suitable for framing), public acclaim, and money"
"Yam yam thank you mame"
"The single most important thing in life is focus. A key to maintaining powerful focus is to have direction from mentors, coaches & friends."
"GAMEDAY!!! Coach Alexander and the FINS host Wagner TONIGHT at 630pm from John Sessions Stadium! Come out and watch some baseball"
"Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 11!!!!!! moving on up!!!! Got a new track coming be on look out \"SO SPECTACULAR\" By Lyrical Trilogy..."
"thanks! That was Big Shoulders out of Chicago."
"hey lady...have you started our book yet?"
"I am more proud of that prediction than anything ever in my life."
"nah I never left. haha"
"#nce11 Hess to supts: delivery and coordination of instruction should no longer present barriers"
"I think the diff. is that aura is not in things 'out there' (like sunniness), but rather in our orientations to them"
"Going to Mobile tomorrow to Wish Lu Valentino the best at her new job!! She is one of the best!!"
"Just remembered I own the packers! LOL"
"Molina is my man. #Bestcatcherever!"
"Salt Lake City -- I'll be teaching 10th grade history at my HS alma mater."
"Bro gimme a legit shoutout, and ill put you in a video!! :D"
"Gonna be a long tiring day...."
"I'll be headlining tonight! It's gonna be out of control. See u on the dancefloor"
"Great to see and chat with you guys!"
"I know. They make things so much more complicated Then they should be."
"you rock"
"To a kid raised in PITTSBURGH, NYC was always where everything cool lived,so it feels great to be back here after so many years."
"Lol Mr. House and Mr. Car xD"
"Are we dating? Are we fucking? Are we best friends? Are we something in between that?"
"Haha, yep! :D"
"Hey girl! You are amazing."
"yes. I'll be in the city tonight."
"I wanna watch breaking dawn"
"\"I'm Todd Manning, you son of a bitch.\""
"I love my family but i hate when they argue with each other"
"Friends are like boobs. Some are big, some are small. Some are real & some are fake. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
"Follow us on our new twitter"
"Thanks to fans in #Chile, #Venezuela, #Israel, #Slovenia, #Austria!! cc"
"burn! I need to ration it throughout the morning otherwise i'm dead by lunch time!"
"Hi Love, I haven't been on much, so busy here also.I feel bad for not tweeting for ISF but I just don't have time to sit. How r u?"
"Lol.... I'm going round 11.. I can't get to much sleep, cus ill be just as tired. All I need is 4-5 hours and I'm good"
"A real bad boy doesn't combine math and romance."
"No. It squirts."
"You got it. On vacation this week. Keep messing around. It's the best way to learn."
"Where would you all like to see us play next?"
"bummer. When will it be fixed? Plenty warm in Milwaukee."
"we just that sexy"
"It takes a devoted lover of trivia to retweet something like that."
"RT GaryRudolph Watching Steve and Josh speak at #JavaOne about #eHarmony matching with #hadoop on"
"Yes! Overtime = more money for me!!!"
"Seriously tho, as long as you have tight hole, I could care less about anything else. I have a good imagination."
"Hahaha \"It's a you-fo!\" I wonder if the writers of Spongebob got that line from gmama trying to pronounce UFO? XD haha."
"Yes; good question! Haven't given it a read yet, but it's near the top of the list. I'll let you know what I think."
"And lo, chunks of frozen water began falling from the very skies!"
"your fear of looking stupid is holding you back"
"on a scale of 1-13 how badly do you want class to let out early!"
"being yours >"
"RT!!!!! \": \"Sold Soul\" or NOT was & still is a musical GENIUS !\""
"Me too! RT Is it Friday yet?! I'm ready for the game!!!!"
"Happy Monday! I'm busy working on marketing, post-prod/editing, and design projects. How are you spending your Monday?"
"thanks for the shout"
"I LOVE SODMG :D"
"Oh dang. Wait. What's tonight?"
"I know a place where you can get away, it's called a dance floor, and here's what. it's. for."
"favorite football team?"
"don't even start with the hunter to chicago suggestions please."
"Triple double for bynum"
"this is one opposing view I have w/my President."
"true that"
"oh cute."
"Congrats! Do you have insurance on it yet? Would you like some free quotes?"
"One of those nights where I don't fall asleep. Yeah."
"is that Rich Uncle Pennybags on your profile picturen"
"what the actual fuck are you talking about?"
"A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement. ~Bo Bennett"
"Nice job, great look & feel to your slides, Melissa -pleasantly surprised by link to your music, sounded great!"
"put in an extra day of studying!! We need our Bri!"
"It's crazy up in here!!!"
"Whoaa Der. That might piss me off a little."
"Did you try Brie, fried in a skillet, and then eaten with fig preserves, both spread on a cracker? It's m m tasty :D"
"Metro apps on win 8 make me want to do UI ... Really"
"#ThisChristmas I'm taking my family out to dinner. They don't need to know that I'm using I-deal from"
"Hanging with one of my good friends that I've known since elementary! Old friends are awesome! What are you guys up to today? :)"
"What others think about is not important. What you think about yourself means everything. (:"
"babe come online please i miss you x :'( :'("
"Happy birthday 25 years young. Cheers!!!!!!"
"me too when will it be?"
"Forgot my license at home so having to sneak into MOA with"
"Just found chocolate in my desk. There is a god."
"sup homeslice? U get my dm?"
"Direct msg tom felton and please tell him to follow me can you please"
"Can't wait to see what Chef Kurt from cooks up on #KUSI tomorrow with and - don't miss it!"
"your welcome :))))"
"Hope you enjoy your day!!"
"can you hook a brotha up with a size 13?"
"Where are all of the FC Dallas fans?? Poor showing"
"The CMT Awards are tonight!! If you felt like voting for my video at CMT.com, I wouldn't try and stop you :) :)"
"When I try to drive the speed limit my mom tells me to slow down. Someone please explain."
"Picked up a whole book of sheet music and some manuscript paper. It's time to get writing."
"Big happy birthday to our man !!!"
"Bed soon. Today was amazing thanks to !!! :3 I love him to death!!!. #FizzyFamily <3"
"Conventional Wisdom: Newt must attack Santorum. I disagree. He has to target Romney's electability & ensure a long southern state primaries"
"Chi chi chi! Le le le! Los mineros de chile!!!! Thank you god!"
"Whats up this morning?"
"Shake that skeleton"
"got my thatcher ring just now. summer camp is almost over!"
"Creative writing. Liberal arts ed is learning how to deconstruct ideas + construct arguments. You can't learn that on the internet"
"DEFENSE IS ON POINT.."
"I will do anything if someone would write my theology commandment essay for me. It was due yesterday...."
"It makes it harder for the aliens to snatch you from your car"
"Watching Ghost Hunters , looking at Grant's final show. I don't see how they will go on without Grant."
"I know I may be biased but writer chats w/ are some of the best interviews i've ever seen."
"◊ Poor thing. Did you let it go? I was thinking I was going to see a cute funny mascot. \"The Lemon Sharks\""
"Anytime! Thanks for the great presentations!"
"Mark your calendars! Kissing Daylight will be playing this years Kenny Ozzfest 4 at Radiodown in Covington KY on Saturday, December 3rd"
"hey I didn't say anything lol"
"Hearing \"sing\" Lollipop with her non-existent voice hahaha"
"I THINK I SEEN THE SUPERMOON LAST NIGHT BUT IT WAS HANGING OUT THE WINDOW OF A CAR"
"Hope everyone had a great #Holiday!"
"I did Seattle to Victoria for MSA this year... Schedule basically requires one-night stay in Seattle--ferry only once per day"
".twitter my updating at bad so am i"
"Watching in #NewGirl makes me happy! Catching up on my shows!"
"Thanks! I didn't realize you were admissions! Must follow. :)"
"I can't remember the last time I paid $3.55 for gas, your hashtag diffused my instant anger"
"random thought of the day: flavor flav and dick vitale have almost the exact same voice inflection, way of speaking esp. when excited."
"It's better earned if you ask me *guaranteed* :-)"
"Wow. I could only imagine..."
"you would think with pilot season over things would slow down,but i've had SIX auditions this week alone and started shooting the film REACH"
": Thanks for the kind RT:-)"
"Finally last day of school tomorow! YAY!"
"No Prob Brugh, this is easy to like!"
"One Direction, if Selena ever tries to make a move on you, YOU RUN. UNDERSTAND ME YOU JUST RUN."
"Ok, so I can't tune a piano, but I can definitely tuna fish."
"Baby, can i be the one you call when you're tired of the lies & the truth is all you want to hear ?"
"so true, so true.... same with the human one :)"
"Down to the wire to book your Thanksgiving Dinner with us at Grazie! Be sure to give us a call at 305.673.1312 to book in advance."
"Tonight, lots of guests enjoyed great artworks and various kinds of wine at an opening reception of hpgrp GALLERY NEW YORK."
"The RUT game times today are 8:30 and 12:45 on rink 7 stop on by!"
"Dear large corporations, please stop polluting. Sincerely, Me."
"If you are underwater on your mortgage, don't despair. We can help, even if it's just offering advice. Give us a call (866) 326-5155"
"See me in a Jabba the Hutt costume with a burlesque slave Leia tonight at"
"Well law students are not short on that either. Not sure if it is self-selection or pressures of law school, which are real."
"Last lyrical and pointe class for the year :D #fuckyes ..is it bad that i'm happy? WHATEVER!"
"from jail?"
"How's about from now on we only talk about #Rush in terms of that delightful Canadian rock band?"
"I just wanted to try something new. Lesson learned. Never had a store-bought smoothie before."
"This is now my 2nd internship in which I've lived through a record heat wave with no A/C. At least I've got internet this time."
"Yes I just ate a 12 pack of Oreos .....jealous?"
"My TL is full of 's battle with Comcast"
"And that's a fair concern, absolutely."
"- We are an educational org. not political... thanks anyway."
"Looking for a Google Analytics expert, preferably based in NYC. Send me a private message if you know anyone!"
"Sexy women + Costumes = huge fetish & turn on"
"Jump up like stinkin crazy! Yo mama she gets crazy!"
"split. this batch was watery and i ended up with a few uncooked pea stragglers. boo!"
"2 days left in the studio. no air conditioning for a week. temperatures of over a 100 degrees today. but hey.. the songs sound great!"
"I've decided not to fill out a bracket this year. This way I don't have 2 watch until the elite 8. By then all the weak sisters are gone!!"
"I am thinking I have to many guy friends , but IDC bc they like to stay out of the drama not be in it.. && theyre funny (:"
"Back on the needles...felt good to knit on Metro this morning and listen to grunge music instead of effing around with my phone for 40 mins."
"Parks and Rec is the best show ever! I laugh at every dry sarcastic joke."
"I wish I didn't have one."
"fun night planned at enjoying Brian McKnight!!"
"Kathy your the best!!!! U made watching the Oscar fun tonight."
"Good morning. Only 2 hours to go til Tent North and West of Hilton Colluseum. Stop by and see us!"
"If Tebow loses tonight, then that means Jesus isn't real."
"Took a fun $20 spanish class at tonight - so fun! Thanks to el maestro Tony y todos los estudiantes! #chicago (cc )"
"Happy belated moms day, grandma! sorry, we were on a shoot and didn't have good internet! love you! <3"
"Have you guys heard the joke about butter? No? That's fine, I butter not tell you........."
"Or maybe it's a TV show, not sure."
"that's right! i have so much to learn and it's exciting!"
"Yes, because in 2011 Pregnant girls arent allowed to tweet. We hide under rocks &use payphones. Buy your niece &nephew an ipad"
"Ugh so sick! Excited for"
"your song \"fight for you\" is still stuck in my head !! :D"
"yeah tons of peeps were just out flossing for show."
"I'll open the door, all you have to be is dedicated to yourself and making $$$"
"so last nite asked a ? re Tea Party Racism. I gave an example [2] & got no reply. Figures, silent in face of truth! Blocked now"
"Me too. RT : Still loving the series \"Once Upon a Time\" but I hope the two worlds start intersecting a bit more."
"i like my girls chunkaaaaay (; give momma some shuggah ~ ^.^"
"Mailing address"
"Today is D-Day of the holiday season! We are here until 5pm for last minute gifts and stocking stuffers."
"I wont. I know I wont because I know how many people I would hurt if I did. But I just don't feel needed right now. And these (c)"
"MISSION ACOMPLISHED!!!! PAPER COMPLETE"
"Red bull or mountain dew? #relayforlife. Hitting wall"
"Tonight's party is gonna be funn. (;"
"would you like 20 FREE bottles of Groovy Cleaner to give away on RSD??"
"had to play tew short back on a bitch"
"Danielle from Compose the Octave will be on KOLD Channel 13 from 10:30 to 11:30pm tonight! Watch and vote for her!"
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. -Wayne Gretzky"
"Good morning :) just woke up"
"I got to get out of the habit of jumping in the middle of a convo."
"morning to you"
"Delayed thanks to for hosting 's Will Allen on Saturday. Was a great opportunity and location to hear him speak!"
"Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?"
"Yay! We just had a family from Japan come and buy some of our soaps to take home with them! (via Bath & Body Bistro)"
"♪THATS WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU LET HEART BREAK!!♪WAOOAOOOHH♪ WOH!"
"#Broncos trade 87th pick and 120th pick to get 67th pick. They select RB Ronnie Hillman from San Diego State."
"Clothing companies looking to set up an endorsement with Death of an Era, email:"
"Missouri Republican lawmaker announces he is gay"
"I seen big luscious in your mentions y'all eating them junts together!"
"Did You Graduate From Link Building High School Yet?"
"I hear you. lol"
"when do you consider a switch with jansen"
"Joseph Sanchez: lack of first sale + huge licensing costs = no library collection. CHILLING."
"Writing amazingness with and Patti Maloney!!"
"The Show Before The Show right now on The Lake. Getting you set for the #Springsteen show tonight with all Bruce until 7:30."
": Finished the #ShamrockShuffle in 50:03 not bad for 1st timer, no more alcohol/smoking for next one & will actually train haha"
"Scanner Monitor: Iliff and Buckley Injury Accident."
"the gravitational pull of faith draws the good and perfect will of GOD into your life....shouting out to all faithers..."
"i still owe you a lap dance"
"When a dream takes hold of you, what can you do? You can run with it, let it run your life, or let it go and think for the rest of your..."
"Skeeter, all is well. How bout you ? Just getting ready for the upcoming Twestival on 4/30 @ Brooks Landing. What's up Juted ?? How r u ??"
"Having a party? We now offer a platter menu to suit any occasion. Come by and check it out!"
"“When I play as White, I win because I am White. When I play as Black, I win because I am Bogoljubov.” -Efim Bogoljubov"
"You know, maybe we'll just keep it here. The typo may be the unique indicator that it's actually my page."
"Not sure why we got rid of Blake."
"Rep. Alcee Hastings introduces HR1815 to award Lena Horne the Congressional Gold Medal 4 her contributions 2 the #arts & civil rights"
"Cashier at store just asked me, \"Is your mom named Bob?\" Would give anything to see my own face right now."
"Witnessing someone make the same bad decisions over and over and over <<<<<<<"
"Thanks for RT Liz - have a fabulous day!"
"Why can't people just accept all body shapes? There's no such thing as a 'perfect figure'."
"Watching #sweetiepies and it's a really nice show."
"How is everybody doing?"
"Enjoying for the third time this week. Too much? Never. Easily the best cupcakes in SD!"
"FYI - that was just for the NACA video was talking about, not in general."
"Best day ever: sitting with a student's parents as the student wins a scholarship and her mom teared up."
"I swear I want to kill him. She broke my best friends heart and he is so not going to get away with it."
"\"We looked! Then we saw him step in on the mat! We looked! And we saw him! The Cat in the Hat!\"- Happy Birthday"
"Just rd&recommend Trust Matters:Leadership For Successful Schools by Megan Tschannan-Moran"
"after the turbo"
"Wife says last tweet was THREE LEVELS OF NERD!!! I DID IT!!!"
"Wondering if Powe slipped in a workout today at the IPF? Good thinking, Freeze... Getting Boone out of town like that."
"End of season for the wildcats :-(. Now on to the accounting classes :-)..."
"What are ghosts' favorite kind of streets? Dead ends. Happy Halloween!"
"awesome, keep me updated."
"SAVE $135 when you sign up for High Speed Mobile Internet. FREE SETUP & DELIVERY, call 361-429-4758. #CorpusChristi #WiMAX $ Back guarantee!"
"No tickets, collected RSVPs to judge crowd size. Your friend should come... just get there early. See YOU at the VIP thang."
"I speak my mind because it hurts to bite my tongue."
"#YOLO eat horse tail"
"MOST People are bitches..."
"there's a new yoga/Pilates studio in mt wash you should try with me!"
"never saw it but i always wanted to"
"Is it just my laptop, or are many of Google's logos, favicons, and marks a bit punchier now?"
"But as I said before, we can all agree to disagree!! :)"
"LOL! \"Butt Out premieres this Thursday at 8!\""
"A.J. Jenkins is slippery in space. The name of his game is qkness & speed. We like him alot but we didn't have him in the 1st"
"What are we smoking anyway?"
"Spent day matching Mexican food (Sunrise Cafe) Dripping Springs with Austin Customs wine. Wow. Love authentic with wine. Hardly drank a drop"
"I was just thinking about you. I miss you AND your voice too! Can we please reconnect? (that sounded as weird as intended)"
"We believe there are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential."
"watching parenthood and relaxing before going to bed and looked at the clock and didnt realize it was soo late lol"
"I miss Frozen Caveman Lawyer. He was a lawyer, and a caveman. He would have been a great lawyer for"
"\"No sleep til brooklyn\"..RIP ~Adam"
"Tommy and high powers rocked!"
"#NP #JohnLegend once again/get lifted. #HeartfeltMusic this man makes complete albums"
"Got my first exclusive with VP Miyuki Katagiri! So excited!!!"
"al i want to do is be with you<3"
"Casey Anthony wasn't available so NBC booked"
"Everyone come to our game tomorrow it's a big one! We need all the supporters we can get. District is ours."
"Jealousy is ensuing... then Anger... then sadness.. and now crying... someone in my family threw away my music hardrive."
"I'd bet Jack Martz's gloating at Walker's union busting is long over..."
"Whos up (: gettn ready for school!!!!"
"Nuggets are ready for tomorrow against lakers hopefully it doesn't get cancelled."
"check your email"
"IM HERE"
"My paycheck was $34."
"Back to Nashville I go. On hold for another job. :-) Woot Woot!"
"Why am I always tired that I sleep so much"
"Halloween decor buy one get one FREE today at both stores! We're not open Mondays so its your last chance!! Last minute costume items, too!"
"Time to gett TOWW UP with Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on you tube, Meech Dogg JUICED UP..."
"#CNN: Maurice Sendak, author of \"Where the Wild Things Are\" has died. He was 83 years old."
"Time out!!!! Did use a new word \"MindState\" ? Sweet!"
"Woo... Amazing song. Amazing energy. Very marketable. Inspiring story. You got my vote!"
"You're my moon, my stars, my galaxy...lol."
"#bbc The introduction of a British Film Week is among proposals put forward by Lord Smith to help capitalise on \"a golden period\" of UK cin"
"Happy Sunday! We hope everyone is enjoying their weekend!"
"I keep getting these messages saying I unfollowed all these ppl. Hell you did follow back in what 6 months; PLEASE."
"Buff Guys Needed for a movie promo tomorrow in Burbank. $100/flat for 4 hours. Email for details."
"haha well that sounds like a great idea - enjoy Bacchus! Let us know when you make your reservation."
"feel free to drop off one for me!"
"already did, no answerr"
"RT : When you decide early on that you will never quit, circumstances will no longer make decisions for you."
"Obama backwards is latin for \"I shall love\". Either he is a caring man or the biggest hippy president in history."
"Google Scholar, so frustrating"
"Great day at practice, I hope all thisweek pretty weather holds up, the running is great and through sparring I lost like 5 lbs today"
"work is good! Finally got promoted!"
"And we have hail in Sussex."
"It's pouring but still very very sunny. Welcome to Florida."
"You lie. And what's worse, you lie right to my Twitter face. Which has a kitty! For shame, Gizmo."
"#salesforce and #radian6 will hunt you down."
"Some times you have stalkers you want to avoid ... Sometimes want to give love but don't want Folks to be like there he is & Holla"
"John Esposito on the importance of this project: \"Multifaith understanding is important for both people of faith as well as for citizens.\""
"I be ballin' all alone like the gym is vacant."
"Do you think you could kill a loved one if they became a zombie?"
"yeahh. Later. Where are you from?"
"Aye what's up how you doin I miss you"
"you already sent one!! I LOVE it! wills end pic soon. I just emailed you about that."
"Makes people try a little harder ^_^"
"Don't think you won't get in trouble for all the shit you're saying back to me. Dumb fucking bitch"
"It seems like much more urgent cases than any of the police procedurals made in the U.S."
"That is wonderful! Thank you."
"Right now we face racial and social politics unseen before...where the \"face\" of the product matters more than ever."
"Looking good #coyotes!!"
"Studio life."
"Do you like #RNG ?"
"MEXICO REPRESENT. THIS IS MAH CREW."
"“ That awkward moment when you really want to talk to someone, but don't know how to continue the conversation.”"
"Never take anything for granted."
"So, thinks I subtweet a lot lol I beg to differ 😜"
"And the bags!! Why all the bloody bags?? #where's that whiskey?"
"Rod Brooks: 91% of all content consumed on the web will be video by end of 2013"
"You deserve it Tiger keep on working and now its time for the BIG PAYBACK"
"Dude aint NEVER just grab himself and wink at me. I'm too through"
"Renegade Theater 1514 N. Gardner St. Los Angeles, CA 9004. be_a_renegade"
"can i have a shoutout please?! love u :*"
"One day till the starts! Can't wait. 13 films will surely make us hungry. any can't miss suggestions?"
"im back! never deactivating again"
"I am really caring about this one w/ and ! Pretty sho' we got one!"
"Oh well okay when you have time try!!!:)"
"If the baseball season ended today, I would love every team in it. TV execs wouldn't, but who cares?"
"looks like the Bears and Lions signed just about every free agent available today. hope the Hawks aren't really signing Brandon Marshall..."
"and the girl got my order wrong then when they got it right now I'm missing a freaking wing!"
"The dichotomy of my life: simultaneously catching up on last night's Mad Men and this the Cinco de May updates."
"Woke up to my baby laying next to me:-P"
"Got my and tickets today for May 19th at the Susquehanna Bank Center. Can.Not.Wait!"
"Spent my Basketball season in Columbus this year so #Spartans playing here just about makes up for it (& last Sunday's game)"
"Hey ladies! Stop by Art Bar any night of the week and earn 10% #cashback on every purchase! It pays to be !"
"Just gave an interview to Newsweek about what's happening w/ Rush if you've been following the story: Should a FB apology count?"
"our pleasure and thanks for the love!"
"Tony & Javier shared the same special stage tonight on #TheVoice. Cannot believe I was watching the two of them on TV. Amazing. So so great."
"i cannot handle your Glee updates. They're officially outta control."
"I never get it when I want it, but its right on time"
"Good thing I get out in 30 minutes."
"There are numerous ways to improve. Test are not, nor never will be, the way to do it."
"Ah... refreshing! DC getting a nice downpour! There goes the heat (temporarily) and the street gutter trash."
"Thanks! Are u stoked to meet Beckett* too? :) RT : Congrats!! So stoked for you and Brooke, and I can't wait to meet Breckett!!"
"Community based shopping in full swing today -- 7916 SE Foster -- new | used | original -- until 7 PM today, 11-5 tomorrow. Check us out!"
"Just waiting for the dumb asses playing football outside my apt to break a window..."
"Hate When This Ugly Nigga Be Questioning Mee"
"the viper room >"
"\"The best remedy for anger is delay.\" Brigham Young"
"anyone know if RTM is streaming their speakers this year?"
"Guys... Can't live with them, Can't live without them..."
"Cookies n Milk and watching Sweet Home Alabama I love this movie"
"saw a beautiful cello recital tonight, very inspiring. but who on earth still uses a disposable camera these days? so funny"
"Can't believe the weekend is already over! What are some things you did over the weekend?"
"How do you relax?"
"Am-MAZ-ing southeastern foodie dinner last night. James Beard society hosted it, flew chefs in from everywhere. Over 30 courses from heaven."
"can somebody teach me how to make a gif for tumblr??"
"refs, you're not part of the Jazz team."
"Excited to present our trio work on stage: both challenging and fun playing together, and I think we're finding a distinctive sound."
"Totally fascinating. Thanks."
"“You can’t build a reputation on what you are going to do” - Henry Ford"
"Just got my Square in today. I cant wait to use this for my non-profit!"
"Is there a way for me to get beer out of this?"
"It's Thursday which, as my friend Robin says, is connected to Friday. NOT SOON ENOUGH!"
"Hey at Washingtonian Center in Gaithersberg. When I pay $17 for tix, it would be nice if the cinema wasn't a mess. Clean up."
"whoa thats out by my house!"
"Between this #WalkerRecall & the votes in #NorthCarolina I might just move 2 Canada - not bc I agree or disagree but bc its"
"has to be"
"I got some beats for you that a str8 FIRE big homie!"
"romo, eli, or matt ryan? thoughts?"
"Jo's a baby. I'm very worried/scared for him. I hope he'll do okay in his new place. HE'S GROWING UP TOO FAST THIS IS NOT OKAY WITH ME"
"- Lets see, Florida twice, Texas, Auburn, LSU ran a spread when they won it... take out Ala and USC and you're almost goosed"
"There's one ballroom girl with an infectious smile. I really hope she can dance. She'd be great on the show."
"Cold,lonely and missing him like crazy!"
"You are so welcome Princess! Enjoy your prom ! I'm so glad i found my perfect dress! Thanks SO much!!"
"too bad the weather will be clear in Boston today. Too funny if the NHL would stop a game on ice because of snow"
"Haven't got there yet. :P"
"lots of people complaining on the forums about #Adobe's new price plan. for pro's the ROI is incredible."
"ALL of those things. Y'all don't even understand how much I love ALL the asses. Even the tiny bony ones."
"that was great. Thanks for that. I'm going to add it to my list. :-)"
"This world is getting crazier every day. \"Are you more amazed at how things change, or how they stay the same?\" ~Cheryl Wheeler"
"actually, whats worse is that if you torture the model it will show you anything,see also the myth of statistical significance"
"thank you!! glad you're enjoying it! :)"
"seen bits and pieces today...bout ta be a problem!"
"Where are you going with this?!"
"Trying to decide where to go for vacation in May with Scott. I'm thinking Florida sounds good!"
"RT : #CHIP vote 3rd anniv. tomorrow – thanks for your vote to #InvestInKids & cover millions of"
"whoops ... both sessions i advocated for are happening now. Where is my clone when I need him?"
"It's a very good point, but have to admit I was looking for more out of the Americana tent."
"headband-induced headaches are the worst"
"I can't wait 2 go there! :) RT : Dear 4 opening in I'm in love. The #healthy options r fabulous!"
"Cruuuuuuzzzz and Ell!"
"That's not acceptable😒"
"oh yeah I saw!! Congrats! Hahaha(:"
"and that will be a porn stars name"
"I'll be there next Friday yes."
"Overheard conversation on walk in River North: Guy, \"Wanna go to Hooter's?\" Girl, \" Ewww, no, eww gross.\" That's all I heard."
"Thanks David! That is so kind. xx"
"oh haven't heard that one before"
"I'd rather have 100 people fear me than 100 people love me"
"Encouraging creation in the library. Duh."
"Tom Yum coated peanuts are my new favorite. If you were nearby, I would share them with you..."
"great #easter with the fambam! gotta love quality"
"Also, your psychic abilities are diminished with alcohol."
"' you are so welcome & thxs for the great art link ! #google+"
"Are you having drain problems? Call San Diego's Drain Cleaning Experts from Xtreme Drainworks 858-583-1798 visit us online www.XtremeDrainw…"
"math is hard."
"Thanks for that question - we are working on new ideas for the Coke Dealer. Have you seen \"Blood Tribute?\""
"Hey have you heard my bands new music?!"
"my cuties are NOT for kids..."
"Ty for including us in your paper.li"
"I'm worried"
"Welcome to Twitter; Thinking of how to be read, And who to follow"
"Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors. - African Proverb"
"No cheese? RT Bacon eggs n grits...."
"Well they're just out for our divas this year. RIP Donna Summer."
"I was sick ;p haha"
"tomorrow proves everything ive ever said."
"It's not healthy to assume"
"Shout out to my girl for making the Huffington Post's \"7 Sites You Should Be Wasting Time On Right Now\""
"Hey, I think I know this guy! Hehe."
"OH when 8yo daughter started homework tonight: \"let the magic begin!\""
"Going to the May 25th game at Target Field, because who doesn't love fireworks?"
"lol yep. actual dude. kind of a big deal."
"I officially trust no one."
"Digital can look quite good, but there's just something about the texture of an image captured on film."
"You treat me like a game, I'll leave you like It's a joke."
"irrelevant. it's a 48 minute game. not a 3 minute game."
"Budget Cuts all but close summer classes for Higher Edu in California. Can't even get 6credits that apply to my degree. The END is NEAR!"
"2/22 students were offered their textbook in digital format, but both chose the printed versions."
"Score polk county 3 orl 0 top of the 4th inning watch live @ www.doublediamondbaseball.com at Bishop Field"
"What is weird is most of us don't look at Emmis stations as competitors-hence our surprise. Money in same bucket, no?"
"sucks for youu!(;"
"Oh yeah!"
"- Ouch! I've fallen down my fair share of stairs. No fun. Not my walkway, not my problem. That's what I say."
"Tackle your weight loss goals with Hollywood Elite Trainer Max \"The Body\""
"When you deal with someone that controlling they might just say they don't like it because they didn't think of it"
"Saw The Social Network today, loved it! So interesting and remarkable."
"A Brush With Kindness helps existing homeowners to minor home improvement. check out our website for more info!"
"Actual headline: \"Santorum surges from behind in Iowa.\" Ha! I bet it does from time to time. #santorum, #dansavage,"
"I followed both profilrs can u follow me? Are u the official kendal vertes or is it someone else?"
"we need to skate"
"I love Friedman. Thanks for this tweet."
"AW unicorn swag isn't a TT anymore T_T"
"that's too funny! Why am I always breaking a law?"
"poo sorry ill follow back<3"
"ATTENTION!!! TOMORROW!!! The Art of Rhyme hip hop Open Mic at Columbia College Chicago Manifest Arts Festival in the South Loop..Its FREE"
"SISTA! YOUR ONE OF A KIND.. lol i\": You Stay On My Mind! RT : SISTA! \""
"hahaha nah, but we should go somewhere where there are attractive men. Somewhere cool on SoCo. Gueros maybe? #tacowednesday?"
"exact same @ everything!"
"Nigeria? South Africa? Where?"
"INF 312 is officially open for the semester..."
"Yay! Finally reached one thousand!! lmao"
"GOTTA STOP TRADING BASKETS."
"Oh hey, and will be at the party on Thursday! Yay finally get to meet y'all!"
"Jus smelt sum electric pooha in tha breeze my kiwis"
"Heard Kailynn's heart today...sounds great!! Sidebar: the sound of Kailynn's grandpa's voice sends her to kicking and punching."
"yeah, kinda complicated though."
"Thanks for the RT."
"We've updated our \"Explore Seattle\" list, come check it out!"
"I truly feel we all need to do more of this! Benefits for all in the long run! RT : It has been an awesome week for collaboration."
"good to meet you. Let's build!"
"Just ate in Eastern Market DC. Now its back to work!"
"i was appointed by #BrickSquad to go on court TV shows and act retarded"
"Woah, I am not like that at all!"
"so if he was with west would he b Hoopin ???."
"If he start crying im whoopin his ass"
"Today was a day well spent with the family :)"
"\"even if the moon fell down tonite, thered be nothing to worry about at all because you make the whole world shine\""
"Thanks for the response! :) Do you think international travel offers a richer experience, though?"
"Hello Interfolio users. We are having a company meeting tomorrow from 3:30-5:00pm ET and our phones will be off-get your questions in early!"
"Done with this semester at 7:30 pm. it cannot come fast enough."
"Who wants to feed me??"
"#FF my sister She's Coo, Loyal, And Tap dances"
"management in apartment buildings should be sent to \"courtesy & realism school\" oh my flippin' heck !!!, how much? for what? don't you care?"
"Any specials or events this week? We'd love to pass them along to our residents!"
"Big thanks to and for hooking us up with (non-alcoholic) drinks for the #Caps long breakdown day"
"thanks for the RT sir!"
"How does one respond to that?"
"maybe he's recording new songss ? Idk"
"We are standing by to present a fun webinar series: \"Become the Manager Everyone Wants to Work For.\" What makes your manager great?"
"Researching DYI Ombre Hair color. Trying to make my ingrowing roots look passable"
"I picked up some stuff at at the mall today, and I'm really excited to try the tinted moisturizer!!! <3 xx Elle"
"Whose ideas was it to put THESE 4 in studio and do a halftime show with them????"
"Would you like to be a guest Personality? Have you always wanted to break in to radio? If you're in the Tampa Bay area let us know."
"We're still looking for a few great startups who need help with #billing. One year free plus mentorship. DM us for details!"
"Hoping weatherman are wrong about snow coming this afternoon."
"Yea the crazy's the menace."
"Lebanon needs Justin"
":You performing?"
"Well I've never been cut or slapped ill definitely would have to hurt someone if that happened"
"YAY for tomorrow!"
"- Hey just followed you from Karmalicity!"
"yo chad if calvin johnson is mega tron then you are optimus prime!"
"I think you are correct."
"LYCHEE green tea from - can't wait to try it!"
"I need Star Control II in HD. Well, 'need' is probably too strong of a word. Reallyreallyreallywant. Yup. That's the right one."
"In Speakeasy Kaberet for Chico Mann. A whole different, more diverse #sxsw crowd. Great groove!"
"what station????"
"Oh, okay! I still have the pen cap you gave me for my birthday. No, I'm just kidding. :P"
"YES!!! WERIC CHAT ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!!"
"Thanks Dave! RT : New friends for #FF give them a follow!"
"I just voted and re posted it on my Facebook!"
"Just saw The Nutcracker, it's impossible not to respect the work the dancers put in."
"I liked Jeremy Drake's answer: more people. We can do so much more if we have the people we need for the work."
"Im gonna get a tattoo forsure!!!"
"Cool 2 see we have > 3K followers @ ! Will continue 2 share & inform on trafficking, exploitation & the awesome power of girls."
"What a pleasure to meet Arlene from ! Thank you so much for checking out EmBo."
"We look forward to having a jewelry party with the ladies of ! Champagne and cupcakes with pink frosting are in order ;)"
"“: Hosting a local big man on campus today. Really excited to have him. Can help us out & be a contributor right away.”"
"doing a story about it and want to get in touch with creators for your perspective. thanks!"
"Glad to be around, Rory. :)"
"waiting for a rescue team to get a snake out of a drain, about 5/6 of us out here and I'm gonba try and get the scoop!."
"Me too! I'm showing around 😉. Wish u were here!"
"our preschool music program has created a nominate for deserving preschools page http:preschooljam.org"
"Finally getting caught up on a load of paperwork that had piled up on my desk. Feels good to get bills paid and things filed!"
"\"You could build a house with that bag of tools\" - Madhava (regarding this guy, who is a tool)"
"Ambition is priceless its something thats in your veins, and i pray that never change."
"' i like the sound of PUMA Pints...I hear they wash down a win pretty well"
"Difficult to predict within a reasonable degree of actuarial certainty. Basically depends on who is winning..."
"I hate when someone is parked in my RESERVED parking spot! WTF?! You can't read?? Now I gotta have you towed!"
": You weren't the only one. I thought they could get the Eastern finals."
"just did ."
"Hope you enjoy browsing it--I always do! Also, check out the mobile app, it's great."
"Body aches"
"The naked M&M commercial is the best so far!"
"Final day of #NBA regular season brings us a vs. clash at the Garden as and square off."
"Mediatomb works OK, but integration with Rhythmbox isn't going well. Maybe its because I have it indexing about 15G of content?"
"Don't forget to enter our sweepstakes!"
"Hope that helps! =) Your talent can pretend they're telling ghost stories. A drama teacher shared that trick with me!"
"RT : RT if has NEVER tweeted you."
"Gossip Girl still comes on...."
"military GIRL!! sweet!"
"Had a blast at Lucky Strikes in DC last night. Can't wait to go back."
"We need to run the ball and go up by 1 our defense is playing great lets run clock"
"Can't find it!"
"Prioritize your goals for today, you can not do everything at once. Remember: Small steps, BIG STEPS"
"Looking AND retweeting! RT : LibraryThing for Libraries now has its own Twitter account. You're looking at it."
"So, 100 followers as of today..."
"its not my music its !! But he is about to blow up. Help spread the word."
"Looking forward to another #Foodiechat tonight"
"i hate when nice lovely people turn into mean judgmental people"
"Thanks for the kind feedback! Any questions let me know!"
"thats some crazy shit right there"
"Hurray! Thanks so much!"
"I love Danger Prone Daphne a.k.a"
"hope you're having a beautiful time abroad!"
"Standing Ovation"
"Be careful, don't want ur nose breaking from all that lying RT It's all from hard work & dedication to social media"
"u gunna get on?"
"Veterans Job Fair Tues., Dec. 13th from 9-1pm @ West Orange Armory on Pleasant Valley Way.Target, Prudential, NJTransit, etc. will be there!"
"More than 300 rainbow-covered queer folks marched silently through downtown Oshawa April 18 to protest a homophobic rant in a local paper"
"What is intersting to me is how convinved each side of the health care debate is that their side will triumph in SCOTUS."
"Black Eyed Peas look like oversized lite brites."
"Hallmark Card: As the days go by, I think of how lucky I am that you're not here to ruin it for me"
"get used to this time difference"
"Got my first PO Box. Keep #MovinOnUp :)"
"When everyone else you know leaves #NewThrusters and you decide its a good idea to stay"
"I'm pretty good! How are you love?"
"Oh my god. I give the fuck up."
"agreed, especially American youth."
"Miley Is Not A Bad Girl"
"worked on my homework for like three hours! That was alot! Im proud of myself :) yay!"
"I still haven't gotten used to the fact that not all the Walmarts here are 24hrs...."
"A great week of running! I'm excited to start Week 3. Fingers crossed for good running weather."
"A strong person Forgives and goes on...A weak person holds a grudge and hurts themselves."
"Guess that I don't need that tho."
"Heading over to Community Block Party - see you there!"
"Thank you Sarah!"
"\"That's so Reagan\""
"I think Beans loves your Gramma. :)"
"i need to learn to love seafood. the problem is i don't even like it. #recipes? #seafoodadvice? anyone?!"
"reads like a checklist. rinse & repeat. #5 university involvement needs work; Q: what can set DC apart from NYC? gov?"
"Beautiful job on the post-flood re-opened Opry Mills. One sad bit is Barnes & Noble's absence."
"yes! Old news, Chico."
"nope, the last update was two weeks ago, according to the phone's info."
"I don't have a ticket"
"It was my point! I Can't Believe It's Not Butter and margarine are both vegetable oil blends colored with Beta Carotene"
"Leave a comment on the video!! Splurge Gang ft Waka Flocka"
"Check my French."
"Have a great weekend! Thanks for your support! You inspire me to do the things I do everyday!"
"Okay, your cool if you are secretly sub tweeting me!"
"O, a snow \"storm\". At least that is what news called it. Only 32 inches less than last years storm!"
"rock on!"
"If my last tweet sounded dorky, you just haven't recognized how inherently cool press conferences are. Getta ask questions and stuff = cool"
"\"Every day is a gift - even if it sucks.\" Sherry Hochman"
"I agree"
"RT Who was President before Obama? || He whose name shall never be uttered."
"bout to session in takoma park with tazk, whos down?"
"RT the links & info we post to share WayCool things w/everyone!"
"So happy to sit and chat about life, fitness & charity :)"
"I miss ya twitter lol :]"
"Your face!"
"“: Kudos to Elizabeth in Braxtyn Crossing Altamonte Springs. She did awesome on cutting my hair! #Orlando”"
"who the hell googles people #creepers #nolife good luck!"
"Hello Twitter World. Chirs Electric Company's First Tweet. TWEET!"
"wht was going on with u and brit this morning ?"
"#microsoft you've been given enough chances to make a proper web browser... and you've #failed miserably at it repeatedly"
"Dear Columbus. We need a Whole Foods market of some kind! PLEASE!!!"
"I cant wait to go to mami next year"
"Watching american dad on netflix."
"That tweet was me holding my tongue and being polite, but if we are close, you know how I really feel."
">> We Provide Quality Specialty Items…Discounts Available…FREE Shipping."
"Bummed & angry that I probably won't see the biggest moon of the year rise over Lake Michigan cause it's supposed to be overcast all weekend"
"Hope it helps! If you like it please spread the word!"
"I would order the fight tonight, but the way Bank Account is set-up....(kevin hart voice)"
"I am NOT pleased. I wanted to go to the game wednesday!"
"the concert was amazing! i wish i could have met them. oh well, i met hot chelle rae, tho.(:"
"I am so intrigued when random acquaintances on FB are mutual friends with people I know. Makes me went to go all creepy internet stalker."
"complete site strategy"
"to call a game/intangibles/experience will always be somewhat difficult to judge. if you ask the #Rays pitchers, of course they will say [+]"
"X again for a huge 3! The Rams have to call timeout as the #Aztecs lead 58-52 with 5:49 remaining."
"finally beat my boyfriends score on fruit ninja. :D"
"I can't wait to see you!!"
"#ThisWeekend Im Finna Have My Girl Over :*"
"Tomorrow I join nation's oldest free lecture series FORD HALL FORUM re: future of photojournalism 41 Temple St Boston 26 April 6:30pm"
"Go Spurs Go!"
"I am indeed"
"Spring cleaning is great way to purge negative energy from the past."
"Missing my curly curls :-/"
"#UKWB sells out against Alabama, winless in the SEC, while LSU men's basketball can not sell out against #1 Kentucky. pretty remarkable"
"one more thing before i get off line never back down if you be leave you can do it you can if you never give up you can that's how i made it"
"When your ex says \"You'll never find someone like me\" Reply with \"Thats the point\" ♥"
"Great idea! Please give them to someone who deserves them."
"Do your best impression of your favorite animal! <3 May 24 Section 102 Row CC seats 13 and 14"
"RT : I would rather be shot then sit here and listen to these army storied -- lmao be nice"
"With its location at the corner of Sisson and 28th St., is super convenient to the JFX. Right between offramp and onramp!"
"Everytime i hear the phone ring i wish its you<\3 J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev"
"you make me proud to be an American"
"Sorry I forgot the come to the tilden dance with me"
"that's good baby send me more pics"
"damn right we do"
"Guys making fun of you are just jealous! Dont let it get to you.Stay strong, & keep dancing! My fam and I r rooting for you!"
"Listening to heavy metal on the radio. I would 'bang my head' but it makes my jowls wobble."
"Now whining that Univ. Of Chicago athletes are embarrassing for being short."
"table arrangements are being prepared for the Premiere. You'll be seated with the Director, Bryan Boykins."
"well. i just slept for 14 hours."
"Isn't it weird how they're always somewhere else?"
"Lol I never knew Ari would get a tattoo. She was so nervous, she was all like \"done?\""
"i'll be fine."
"The most important element of good lighting is the quality of light; its color, direction, and intensity."
"my step sister lives in Germany and luvs it!!"
"That just made #Uproar2012 ten times fuckin' better. I'm for sure going now."
"what's sup Tim looks like Peyton manning coming too broncos"
"When i think of Xmas i cant help but think of this Fat jolly man in a Red suit who got away in public yelling HO HO HO and got free cookies"
"We're not that dead! New songs being recorded!"
"I 'm tired too probably just pick up some Thai take out ,have a nice night!"
"half tempted to gather the talented people I know and start a biz."
"If I were a woman, I'd change my name to Alma Webinar."
"RT : Try as u might, u will have off days. Ppl might see u at less than ur best. Fear not!Just a reminder that u r human!"
"is that at the mall?:)"
"I'm writing a piece about whether you should ever \"fire\" a client... Ever had to do something like this? I'd love to hear your story."
"Man I Really Want to Play Grand Theft Auto"
"Can you send me a quick email? Don't have your current one."
"I do it as a favor to them."
"Just arrived at hawthorne, watching R5 sound check!"
"let's Go nationals ... ;)"
"High drama in the sources today: financial mismanagement, mutual accusations, and missionaries who were never officially appointed!"
"Oops, make that Matusz ends a 12-decision losing streak on the night Buck Showalter gets his 1,000th managerial win."
"Hope you taped it! Would love to see it."
"Wondering about you...miss and love."
"haha that is pretty funny"
"We think this legislation strikes the balance between the 1st amendment and the 6th amendment"
"We're gonna be on the TV in 15 mins!!!! ah!!!"
"Keep up the great work Toros!"
"Cute. I was wondering when pics would arrive."
"Good luck!"
"It's really, truly beautiful. I'm on my 2nd listen."
"Can I just recite all of 36 Chambers instead of 36 lines of TS. It would be way more fun and informative for all."
"he probably will"
"What's up Twitter my followers tell me about your day and let me know what's on your mind"
"Remember if your not the one there, somebody elts is..."
"luke follow me"
"I saw Dolly this past weekend at the Hollywood bowl--brilliant and stunning show!"
"oh and I also think should totally submit a set to I'd love to see that. Giggity!"
"Watching the teen choice awards:)"
"gets annoyed at fixing broken technology - instead of getting her work done. It feels like wasted time."
"guess that bonus money really did pay for a trip."
"\": So what's everyones favorite trey songz song???\" More Than That"
"We buy running and non-running #cars, #trucks and"
"you aren't allowed to wear stripes anymore. Reminds me too much of Louis. Sorry to disappoint."
"#AustinTo700K !! <<< TREND THAT!(:"
"love this! you look blissed out."
"Huh frustrated as fuckkkk"
"ima call you bro"
"so do u still wrk at Penney's ? :/"
"be sure to stay on that page and keep hitting that refresh button!"
"hey, thanks! However, I've not done more in Drupal than a bunch of little fixes."
"Ready to go home"
"Fantastic book......BUT NO....\"Where The Wild Things Are\""
"For it being spring break for half the city we did have a very successful event!"
"#saysomethin <3 lovelovelovelove this song. so proud of austin (':"
"SHout our to follow!"
"FYI - They Might Be Giants (George C. Scott movie) recently added to Netflix..."
"Getting ready to head to this Interview"
"just as uncalled for as there's we're. Stick to kissing celebrity butt."
"GoodMorning wonderful people!!"
"in my room. The fuck u think lol"
"Standard Flat Fee Order - Portland MLS Direct received a new entry."
"weak ass fight!!!"
"RT : Strive for excellence dear. U2"
"Totally should've won the Mellow pool. Thanks, Bodemeister!"
"yes yes yes"
"TONIGHT - FOUR BEAT CLOVER with Special Guest DJ's Sinseven, Beufie, Turtlefeet, DJ Dexter & Weapon XI along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!"
"Hell, I don't know. It's been odd and stressful. But it's going well now."
"Hey bro!"
"Andy is back!!! Hope he has a great game!!"
"SOON baby so we can go to Denver Dinner lmao \": \" \" HaHa Loves you to, chica bonita. Come back!\""
"Ateamo is rolling out some updates today. You may experience some issues while this process is completed."
"im not reading any of ur reviews cause ur a week late. When u think about it, its ur fault not mine :P"
"What happened homie? I'm ready to ride on these punk ass suckas. #OaklandBoss Who jacked you?"
"He is hard at work for the people without a voice."
"what good i'm a big fan of X and Ja would love yo hear that calbo when ja gets out"
"Pls encourage them to submit their essays to us--we'd love to read them! RT: Touched by hearing \"this I believe\" statements...."
"Mormons are good looking people not that there is anything wrong with that"
"Staying up until 1am on a work night to watch the final episodes of one of my favorite animes... WORTH IT."
"Or down, lol"
"Just tapped, New Belgium Lips of Faith Super Cru Ale (replaces Brewing Torpedo Extra IPA) $10 growler $3 pints"
"Random question. Have you ever been interested in the paranormal?"
"Now I'm finally heading home...for real :)"
"probably had something to do with that black mark on the season called the brawl with xavier."
"Learned today about the Law of Anecdotal Value and am DEFINITELY guilty of living by it."
"\"As long as you work ethically to your own standard, you will better yourself and get the work that you want...\"..."
"can't wait for that new Books record!"
"doin good.. you check out the music at all?"
"When striving to make your dreams a reality...don't hate on yourself!"
"Almost the weekend..."
"Fear lives in your mind, but only if you let it."
"is terrible. This is nuts. 5 homers. I'll take a Sox loss for a Bruins W however"
"Want to learn how to lose weight with idiomatically://fatloss4idiots.com/?hop=tonyclark"
"my heart goes out to her family"
"Big Z welcome to Miami!!!!"
"hon? po-HON?"
"really?! :o"
"Global Elements is having a rocking day!! Thank you for the business everyone."
"After no OT in first wk of #NBA playoffs, 2 in past 2 days. If youre Jameer you HAVE to hit that. Good fake, open look…game's eite hit that."
"this area has bred some great horses in the last 10 years!"
"sounds like a solid theory"
"anytime! If you need more help just let me know!(:"
"If she ain't gone treat you right, then I ain't gone treat you wrong. And that's my word."
"Red Hot Chilli Pepper's music never gets old"
"You know it buddy, I wore it last night. Why not celebrate a championship?Then again, it does look like someone sprayed tar on it."
"I loved that performance! Beautiful, strong, and soulful voice!"
"Good flow, I like hip hop that bumps."
"i cried myself to sleep watching My Girl :("
"the only good song ever."
"- I'm here AND there, lol. My other life just runs away with me sometimes. ;)"
"Can't sleep I'm beeatt"
"Community = genius. It will one day be cited as an example of post-post-modernism. I guess that's modernism again. Either way, it's awesome"
"It's a chilly 55 degrees in the FL Keys this morning . Where you ? And what's your temp?"
"Im Ready To Get The Fuck Out Of Here ! Ugh , But Im Still Gone Keep It Calm && Keep It Cute ."
"ooooohhhh, We'll whip one up for you! :)"
"I love u guys! please follow me nd messeage me it'll be my DREAM!! Im ur #1 Fan ever since ABDC XD"
"Twitter academics (esp in the behavioral sciences): do you have strong feelings about the use of wikipedia as a teaching resource?"
"L'oreal and Victorias Secret keep emailing me. Evidently I need lip gloss and panties."
"unlimited designs till 31st Dec, 2011 will be charged $20 each, for any left chest or Cap logos unlimited stitch count. email: frank"
"The whole freaking city smells of smoke. Wonder if the odor of No. CalM burning is distinguishable from the smell of So. Cal burning."
"You can tell the people working in #INSTAGRAM are clueless with business. If not #TWITTER, I would of man-up and gone solo."
"writing lyrics and arranging before I head to work....I should have about 5 new songs ready for the next Ustream !"
"3 more followers!!!"
"Is lip syncing the cool thing to do for your superbowl halftime performance?"
"Thanks for following my twitter Rim. Best of luck on your way to Zen living."
"I warned the folks that if they didn't plan for allocation, people would not be happy. Economics was right again. Surprise!"
"Wanna go home so badly. I miss her so much."
"Do you want your banner on our website?Send me a direct message"
"I don't know that I've ever heard anyone say \"Wack-em\", only \"Way-com\"."
"ugh.....deciding on band merchandise is insane.....so many options"
"i.want.that.BEARD."
"#nowplaying Sex and Hollywood-"
"Just tapped, Abbey Ale (replaces Anthem Hard Apple Cider)"
"w u on bailouts [in ordinary circumstances]. Smart regs, the kind W spent 8yrs getting rid of, promotes prudent business practice"
"One of my all time idols wrote me & she'll b here n Nashville n a few days!! She's one HUGE RAYof SUNSHINE! Can't wait 2 c her!!"
"lmao...Ray Justice...nice!"
"did u get momma something ? :)"
"thursday night basketball may kill me one of these days."
"I'm not following him, he's blocked, I search my youtube name sometimes and the things he says pops up."
"Everyone makes mistakes. God forgives you for them."
"aww ;) you are sweet"
"We had so much fun last night! Thanks to all who came out, and to Dick's for hosting us!"
"Thank you for the reminder."
"MERRY CHRISTMAS!"
"Setting up the new iPad & eating gelato for dinner"
"Having conflicting thoughts. Where I'm at in my life."
"When do we get the heads up on where y'all will be in Houston?"
"now following thanks"
"congrats Lynn! :)"
"Turtle especially cute when done by girls in mittens - at a football game or ski lodge."
"still in Madison? If so, check out the Old Fashioned bar for a great beer selection!!!"
"Appearing in tonight's episode of #ModernFamily on ABC, 9pm EST/PST (8pm CST)!! Check me out as the \"Trapeze Guy\"!"
"FDA Loses Appeal, Can’t Regulate E-Cigarettes as Drug This is huge for HPNN.PK."
"i have no words for how beautiful clair de lune is. i need to learn it on guitar."
"Acura returns to entry luxury with ILX After leaving the entry-luxury fray when it killed the RSX hatchback in 2006, Acura has returned w"
"Hitch Hedberg used to be dead. He still is, but he used to be too. 7 years today. Sad."
"There was little soul but plenty of lights. More bright lights than in an operating room. My eyes still burn."
"I can bring some of my homemade mix. If I had more time I would make a new batch of bacon & foie infused bourbon"
"I'm so glad you've learned this new term, and that I had the full opportunity of demonstrating it."
"if they don't have boobies, they aren't"
"I love your picture! :D I miss that day so much!"
"done,mind to followback?"
"Cut myself with my straight razor at the salon today. First time ever...hopefully the only time"
"It's fantastic to hear Allison Watson emphasize that marketers are revenue generators! I completely agree!"
"Ugh I want a cigaret..."
"Great day so far. Slept in, went to the pool, talked business, and just chopped my 1st sng of the day. $275+100, got 1400 profit of $1025."
"\"Canadians don't have a good sense for sarcasm because we don't have a big Jewish population.\" ha! #30Rock quotes."
"Day two without lunch..i'm so hunnnngrry and my stomach is growling so loud! -_-"
"Jury duty all day, running intervals tonight... 2 different forms of torture."
"I think twitter is the onle place I can share my real thoughts and opinions with everyone"
"Bouta wake Riley up she tripping..."
"Best wishes for a successful 2012!"
"McAlister's...again!"
"should have partied with us grandma! The was delicious though. Let's make it happen."
"Let's be honest: Two and a Half Men lost steam as the season progressed."
"In-n-out drive thru of hell."
"I know ! I was mad. /: I tweeted on my personal and told them to bring Cody back and they said it's a secret !"
"Russell Wilson is a #Seahawk Great Job. #sleeper not sure, but i think Jon Gruden likes Wilson and this pick by Seattle"
"I want bubble tea!!!! you got me hooked!"
"is phone-less and feels lost"
"Happy 86th birthday"
"RT HD porn is so clear that you can actually see how disappointed their parents are."
"Low scoring first half with Texas vs Texas A &M. Tied at 26."
"Texas RB Malcolm Brown is suffering from turf toe and may be limited today vs Texas Tech."
"Congrats to all graduates of 2012! everyone is proud of u.."
"jimmy. my long lost son"
"I just gave someone directions."
"thanks gorgeous let's rock 2012!!!! :)"
"see!!! That's the mind of a boosie fan, Smh. Boosie got people saying die slowly !"
"Social entrepreneurship - economic return, societal return, environmental return."
"so jealous! Will be spending my #cwcon grading. In between everything else!"
"that is funny."
"my pleasure amy. I am a big Rahsaan fan, especially on flute he and Eric Dolphy superb."
"Reading Beaton in Vogue- visually stunning. Review to follow."
"Saw today w/ birder friend in Stanwood, Wa Arctic Snowy Owls, Short Ear Owls, many eagles, Harriers, rough-legged & red tailed hawks!!!"
"Can't wait till the alcoa graduation tonight:)"
"Watching the Tour de France. I guess Verses is good for something."
"Annie Hall. Agree!"
"I got my UFO,s I love these pants : )"
"Gov Schwartz, trying to raise money"
"you're gross "
".RT: : in your opinion, is a one page resume ideal or is a more detailed multipage resume better?"
"You know, it's one of those holdovers from adolescence. Ghosts that haunt & all. I like the reinvention idea."
"#TRUTH RT : we (#bywhichImeanyou) need to stop saying \"Legacy Publishing\". Legacy=something left behind by someone no longer here."
"Hey Jordan, Thanks for the follow! Stay stoked friend!"
"~Josh BillingsPlenty of people miss their share of happiness, not because they never found it, but because they didn't stop to enjoy it ."
"Our spring schedule is filling up quickly so if your considering booking an event with us please call today. (317) 638-7380"
"Hi Tanya, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show."
"Happy Earth Day, fellow Earthlings"
"Rolling Stone's Jon Stewart issue: David Letterman in a UCSB shirt circa 1983. Go Gauchos."
"Feeling great after a morning of"
"can't wait!! Gonna be so god!!!"
"hey Good news my song Doctor was selected by John Kuhns dj radio personality base in Austin tx I'll send link tweet u when"
"#That1FriendThat no matter you contact frequently or not, you are forever best friends."
"World Series attitude, champagne bottle life Nothing ever changes so tonight is like tomorrow night"
"Can i just sleep? :3"
"It's true. I get up with #Kman everyday “ he lets her sleep in every day! ”"
"I heard that they're trying to splice the llama eyelash gene into a human's, but they're running into a \"spitting\" side effect."
"who know #codegeass? tweet me if you know #code geass"
"Congrads lakers and bulls!!.. great wins!!"
"trying to figure out how to play best thing I never had on piano .. let's see how this turns out."
"Looking at this lady with a heavy backpack walk up the stairs. Cant help but be proud of her and cheer her on as I take the escalator."
"Good Night :)"
"You misspelled here in your Twitter name description."
"Thinking of changing my twitter name..."
"#whycantyoujust love and appreciate me the way i love and appreciate you? without you my hearts in pain.... dont want to let go"
"Hmm...so what's the weather like in Denver? I honestly can't tell."
"Internet Talk show, June 21st 10-11am PCT Topic: Media Sex Scandals: Is it about SEX or POWER? www.Drrosie.com, click on listen live"
"I think I'm in luv with yur song. Its like my anthem rite now, I make my own sunshine :)"
"followed you back ."
"do you not know how the internet works? i should start a mom porn blog with photoshop and all the mom pics i can find on twitter."
"I don't want to say exactly how long it's been... But just know some good sex is well overdue"
"for me"
"#Shoutout to new follower (:"
"Yeah. It was awkward!"
"Quoting : the reason why a sound system hums sometimes? Because it doesn't know the words. He'll be here all week, folks! LOL."
"me because it's my birthday :)"
"are you concerned that Aioli might have been right all along and you will have garlic egg on your face?"
"Do you bet SIX MILLION DOLLARS?"
"Registered for Quentin Blake virtually live Sept. 28 9.15-10.00am (US EST) at www.quentinblakevirtuallylive.com"
"happy 16th birthday!! I love you so much and i hope you have the greatest day ever <3"
"Work is going GREAT!! I'm not tired yet lol"
"Thanks for the post!"
"Stubborn much"
"Thank you! RT : Such a fan of ! Lucky to have in Chicago! RT: : Primehouse Burger..."
"i aint been out in b.r in so fucking long, whats popping tonight?"
"you're doing the Madison marathon, right? Will you have your phone on you after? I want to try & find you!"
"is that ur brothers"
"Music is integral to the Bible…The last psalm asks creation to praise the Lord. Vishal Mangalwadi"
"Correction To Your Second To Last Tweet. You Are Or You're. Not You're Are The Sweetest! Bahaha <3"
"Such a great time with week working with Crete-Monee and Roswell High Schools! Trainers were sad to head home...hope we can come back soon!"
"You are sweet! Yes, I am but I don't have details just yet. I'll keep you updated : )"
"Somehow show up for my 9:30 only to see we are watching a movie, could of still been sleeping"
"Why am I watching shows in Spanish?"
"i'm glad cause the highest level is jedi general, and its defined by the rank of weapons and awards both reaching legendary lvl"
"Dolphins beat the pats also."
"Friday happy hour try my \"Melon Melange\", st germain, Esprit de June, Gin, blended w/ watermelon, strawberry, basil, soda. $5"
"What up bro its Nick."
"We're not saying our pizza can fix the recession, but hey -- it can't hurt."
"VocalMecanx.com check it."
"u won da battle!! but kobe won da war!!"
"Now she sayin OMG I DNT feel like dealing wit them"
"Early morning Amtrak to nyc. All aboard!"
"you've got to admit, for a shaved talking cat, Carville is pretty amazing"
"Pandora kills my boredom .(:"
"Don't like her stage presence (poor posture is part of it) and her voice goes flat in every song, why was Juliette picked at all?"
"#newspaces4learning and we are at the elementary level..literally and figuratively."
"#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe That I'd be \"that girl\" that would trip off the platform and be killed from the land mines before the games start.."
"RT - Yes, world. I am a Jacksonville Jaguars fan... live with it. We are a dying breed. (Not sure if trolling, or knows no..."
"Cool there fun everywhere"
"yes I did."
"\"Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you'll ever regret\""
"Suzanne Goin and Nancy Silverton up for Outstanding chef James Beard Awards"
"Is the ! after his name implied, or do you have to write it? Froomkin! or Froomkin"
"It's still hard, you know? Having to accept never being able to hold you again."
"Follow me on my new account itz"
"dont pay any attn to me man ,im old school.. like my beer and drinks full flavored and strong,"
"goodmorning to you too :-) AND to the rest of the positive twitter people!"
"Show Show Show Show Show"
"#Caps GMGM says Dale will be with them at the draft to help them out there"
"Hi Nicky, really pleased you enjoyed it! You should receive it on Monday from but let us know if you don't get it."
"four legs good, two legs bad? cc/"
"Long time no talk. Haven't seen this girl in minute. Now she's taking my order."
"Havent talked to the beautiful in a while :| no bueno."
"Genius idea! RT : I need a video editing tool that automatically removes the uhhhs and ummms - geez!"
"This descent has \"narrow roads\""
"Baron, need some knicks tickets!! gotta see you play!"
"instead of tip, hire this librarian please!"
"I am what I am, u did what u did Im glad Im not a sinner baby coz he's a twist U r what u r I saw what I saw Com as ur master n ur the bitch"
"It is a beautiful day in Houston and the roof is closed at Minute Maid Park for today's Cardinals - Astros game."
"ahaha... i cant tell you how to live life."
"Hopefully the Edwin Maysonet Golden Era lasts longer than Josh Wilson's did last season."
"You're pregnant! Congrats on the medical miracle, or a setup for a really odd scam ;)"
"The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary."
"tea and the new train album.....it is going to be a good day"
"Welcome to Twitter!!"
"Thought I would be sad but really im just like fuck u"
"when the ap has a parent come into the school.. and dosnt talk to them till he finds out from me if im involved in the drama"
"Happy Administrative Professionals Day to everyone, From Alfa Flower Shop!!"
"How did your shows go? told us you were performing last week! :)"
"lmao RT : RT : Perkins headed to the locker room. This could really hurt OKC's chances of winning by 30."
"ahhaa. another joel ."
"I think is like.. Mad at me :( I haven't got a reply on my last 3 tweets to him. <|3"
"Is it me or the whole library smells like armpit?"
"On this holiest of days (National Grilled Cheese Day), I'd like to recognize as a MASTER grilled cheese maker. [applause]"
"Spring training begins tonight. In the first training volunteers learn their roles and responsibilities as advocates for foster children!"
"There r gray areas in fitness. Do what works for u. Just make sure that it makes sense. No nonsense!!"
"Trying #lrnchat live @ #devlearn. Thanks 4 making me stay @ the table."
"Well. Hello."
"even al capone would hit on me in this new flapper dress."
"What's happening ?"
"religion, so it was what I was exposed to. Yes, all holy books have teachings people don't follow. And that's why atheism was what"
"That is the great parent."
"One Direction's #WMYB on a NOW cd. Oh."
"The concert last night at was awesome! Tomorrow night, and this weekend, !"
"I'm convinced that Magic is a robot...lol"
"I'm extremely tired. I've got school tomorrow with Edgar."
"Thanks for nominating !!!!! :)"
"Tweet us your ideas for a CC shirt"
"I'm good thx."
"...and she blushed."
"Joe Pantoliano: Addict, alcoholic, 'maniac!' - Metromix New York"
"#unpopularopinion i dont see the big obsession with BTIKM.. not overly impressed with it tbh"
"Thanks to everyone who came out to the Factory party last nite. You rulez."
"just got my android phone to tether with my laptop. works great!"
"djKhaled You go so Hard man Wish I was on the Team !"
"In my zone gettin ready for dis lil Wayne concert n Dallas Tx babe.....u we go lil Wayne"
"definitely either way is cool"
"who r u playing for next year?"
"It's funny that the #GOP thinks just putting a Latino on the ballot will magically make us vote for them."
"Billy get a new twitter?"
"Jim Cramer on Derek Jeter, \"I hate him. He's got everything. He's got the babes. He's got the numbers. Thank heavens for Andrew Luck.\""
"Actress Tracey Gold is 43. Tennis player Gabriela Sabatini is 42. Country singer Rick Trevino is 41. Musician Simon Katz is 41."
"okay. Why time?! IM SUPER HUNGRY"
"awesome! Our buddies from Planets Align will be playing too, it's gonna be a kick ass night."
"Coincidence of project due date: On the anniversary of San Jacinto, working on web project about that battle's aftermath. Nice."
"4 am on Paris #WTF i still up ... Need party .. Call my girls and go out .. Chillin at the bar ? Like last night"
"RT is a crook. We need to get rid of him, and take back the Senate in Wisconsin. r"
"Turtle is a funny word Idk why?"
"can't believe this what happen boston"
"Watchn the tigers"
"Atta kid George Kottaras. I seriously love both Brewers catchers, Kottaras \"The Accountant\" & of course Lucroy."
"100%!!! RT : Hey Cristina! Glad you like the #weeklyfitnesschallenge music! Great music motivates people! Have an awesome day!"
"Has anyone taught EFL in South America ? If so let me know...."
"Shpoonkle....what do you think? Cheesy or good marketing for lawyers?"
"Well there's no turning back, folks! is OPEN for the 2012 season!!!"
"so sorry to hear about your loss."
"There is always someone looking for the next job adventure ~ so, if you hear about a lead, SHARE IT!!! :D"
"can you vote as many times as you want?"
"The New York Times website must be broken cause it just asked me to log in to read a story."
"Spending the whole day after school with >> :)"
"A night of studying; Google AdWords, Optimization, and Analytics. Thanks Youtube for not making me READ these things."
"I agree. I have a niche as a lawyer dedicated to defending police officers - and love this niche."
"Thanks to the expansion of the digital world, information on fashion is endless. What is your fashion blog?"
"Just landed in philly, somebody play the rocky theme!!!! Where are the cheese steaks? lol"
"I just hope it works *fingers crossed*"
"Happy 150th birthday to my all-time favorite author, Edith Wharton."
"Fell in a hole today. Tore up my knee pretty nice."
"its snowing in fucking april god must be coming back soon"
"Sadly I was the advisor in this example :) RT advisors are not always right, get in front of your customers"
"Its gonna be a busy week!"
"Can't wait for my #bbl and #ShaunT kids workout!! 18 more days to join June group! Message me for details :)"
"and it begins."
"thanks man"
"Plus, you'll be totally ready for the Waterworld that awaits us."
"Hoping NC votes to allow all kinds of marriage. Love is Love yo"
"Great cause. DM us your t-shirt size! MT : best COM moment? Selling cookies on COM Lawn with for the Katie Bleck Foundation."
"I just purchased my own DVD copy of the funniest movie of all time."
"There are worse places to be with a baby than Cambridge public library on Dr. Seuss' birthday."
"Them-- \"Your driver broke a bottle of Crown Royal, he said you would pay for it\" Me-- \"When?\" Them-- \"A few months ago\" Me-- \"Not a Chance\""
"Congrats to you all...good luck in the final."
"we are thinking at least MWF..."
"Who wants a shoutout? :)"
"Hello, I'm a fan of his dancing style, follow me back there?"
";) it's past your bedtime..."
"When are you gonna come to florida??? Pls soon:))))))"
"Yes, yes you do. :-) RT : I am in Belgium. You, likely, are not. I win."
"How to minimize the effects of time-delay interference - Urgent Communications"
"Shooting in NYC next week! Needed: PAs and a hip bar location. Message me if you have... either?"
"lol I guess he got it from the aide when I left :/ xD"
"sure does I have it a lot."
"Hi Lizzy!! Where in the world are you?"
"Good morning friends."
"Robstown's one-game baseball playoff against Needville has been moved from Cuero to Rockport-Fulton at 5 pm today."
"the four Americans held on hijacked yacht are killed, according to US military"
"4 tweets in an hour"
"I know we're not dating but when ever I see someone else flirting with you, I want to shoot them in the face."
"ill be waiting! :)"
"RT : is looking for a cost-conscious, New York or tri-state area mom with kids under 10 for its Novembe ..."
"One more week of school"
"K yeah before I sleep.. Does anyone have tumblr? Follow me -ForeverCelinee 😊"
"We have come a long way baby!"
"OMFG!!! me too that was too fuckiin fun!!!! :D"
"..sometimes I make #enemies, sometimes I make"
"Thanks for spinning Scissors as #CatchoftheDay on ! Keep the requests coming!"
"I'm following you on keek and I'm subscribed to you too<3"
"is my idol, he goes through so much bullshit & haters. I can never thank him enough for that."
"WHAT? No STREAMING ON 95.5? It's my only way to listen tonight."
"you & are all talking on my voicemail lol"
"Now that I am starting school again, I might have to leave Facebook. It is a great big distraction (albeit entertaining)!"
"had those oreos yesterday!"
"o/u on Kobe's FG% this postseason- 41%"
"Foursquare! (Built any brand-based campaigns/check-in-challenges lately?)"
"Your welcome! ^_^"
"I can see why they're called the Timbers...they're lumberjacking our forwards."
"Thanks! More to come in just a little while. RT : love the match day pics!"
"Next thing on the schedule....LILLY'S."
"thaxx u. & I'll treat you to a upscale restaurant this wknd"
"Just started and love it so far! Have you checked it out?"
"yes!! Woo :) anyway so what you up to? Apart from tumblr? :p"
"Follow back i am Still waiting for sometime"
"Blowin MONEY , blowing STRONG , I swear that's all I blow 💨💨"
"Brady is gluten free. Ugh, lost my vote."
"hell ya! Only if your doing it"
"Ooowweee :-) #Hype its jus a week from today ill b out of high school !!!"
"o iight im iight miss ya"
"#airbrushing all day tomorrow"
"RT : Love that codeathons combine agile dev.w/ performance art/steam punkers #tummel - interesting stuff when combine the edgelings"
"I wish I could just understand Herr Vaughan for once in my life."
"me, probably"
"2 be clear, early tweets were not to say Axford is a bad closer.. Rather curious #'s disparity he like most closers have in SV vs. Non-SVO"
"Target iPhone app is impressive. Nice touch telling customers which aisle to find specific products."
"I miss the California sunshine :/"
"Shooting Tommy jus aint enough..Ima need for Tommy to beat that ass!"
"what hogwarts house would you be in?"
"Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers reading this. And I wish you happy memories of your own mothers, too. www.lindaswift.net"
"I. Fucking. Hate. This."
"Good morning:-) About to go hit the gym this morning....gotta go hard this time"
"You can't make them drink or think, apparently..."
"I hate daytime debt, lawyer, loan ads. They replay them 5 times an hour! \"I'm glad I have the cash store\" I'm glad you're a failed actress!"
"that just took entirely too long to sync ebooks from the computer to my sony reader. :/"
"yea not the same.. I won't be going on saturday.. Too early and too far"
"Tulsa has the smallest undergraduate enrollment of all FBS football schools: 2,900"
"It's mothers day. But my moms in Newcastle. So it looks like my dad and I are going out to lunch."
"Allison, the one-flippered sea turtle is currently hanging out at Paragraphs. Stop by, see her & hear Dave Cromwell tell her survival story."
"i think it's time for a cover by"
"AH! MY BIG FAT GYPSY WEDDING IS ON AT 9! WOOP WOOP"
"WOW!!!! #Chipper Jones and the Atlanta Braves take the #Phillies!!!! What a game tonight! 11th Inning...14 to 13."
"hell yeah !"
"70% chance of rain here in B-more tomorrow. Sorry :("
"trust. I go through it all the time. It comes."
"Excited to see your new store is near my home! I sense a new walking destination..."
"Just working through some projects... how are you?"
"Wasted season #Packers so much for a dynasty"
"I already posted that to! Gosh keep up! Haha just kidding!"
"It can't be easy to make digital distro both more expensive and less convenient than physical."
"Only slept 4 hrs and feeling pretty good lol! Have a good weekend everyone =)"
"I will definitely do that.. You and are just so dang cute!"
"Thanks! I'll check those out"
"fuck life RT“: can't sleep & i have to be up in 4 hours for work -__-”"
"So excited about my new logo designed by !"
"We are one of them! RT @ artinshanaty i just finished two postcards for two different non-profits...i really love it!!!"
"#Adulthood The opposite of jersey shore"
"Giving a tour of Portland neon signs somehow ended with Karaoke at the Alibi Tiki Bar tonight. :-)"
"Going to attempt to start my professional blog this weekend. On track to building my brand"
"When you refer to \"cheap ass\" hotel are referring to a) \"By the Hour, b) \"Dead Bodies & Police Tape\" OR c)\"Lousy & Crappy w/BedBugs"
"The Used's song I Come Alive has been on repeat all day."
"Sure, looking forward to it."
"Maybe i care to much about my lyrics having meaning and making sense. Imma go back to being ratchet!"
"Don't miss importance of human contact in trying to get PR - sometimes it's appropriate to call instead of emailing."
"Jus got threw runin in the rain from the Jeff city state captial"
"&#39;American Idol&#39; recap: This race is too close to call"
"Who will be in #Vegas this weekend?"
"UKC PR' GIDDIMS' GOOGLE is waiting to go home with his new Family in Gaithersburg :)"
"Predicting a Crowie / Raelert photo finish!"
"I found this new game for Google Chrome called \"Angry Birds\" - has anyone else ever heard of it?"
"Best book on spitting ever: Great Expectorations."
"There is a \"lie\" in believe, \"over\" in lover, \"end\" in friend, and an \"if\" in life and after Monday and Tuesday even the calendar says W.T.F"
"What's your favorite song?"
"haa watching looney tunes :D ♥♥♥♥ :D"
"finally finished THE ART OF FIELDING, whew. now I need a new book to read!"
"im going to trivia at houndstooth on monday. you and mishy in? otherwise ill just stop by on my way :)"
"popped the pimple on the back of my neck= true love right there haha"
"interest something witty here. I'm too tired to do so :D"
"Thanks to and for highlighting our newest retailer, , this morning. Beautiful segments!"
"haha yeah I'm not sure about that one either...ill Google it"
"The NHL Heritage Classic also set an NHL event record for both total sponsorship revenue and activation"
"sounds good, you still work with wide angle youth?"
"oh shit my bad i thought u was jay v"
"Have you seen the new look in Twitter? I'm getting use to it. How about you? :-)"
"Houston Hoops drop one to Southern Kings 61-58."
"everyone know me lol but i was embarsiing with that crazy girl she told me i hate selena cauz i'm jealous of her she's crazy isnt she? lol"
"u guys are def ending up in North Reading."
"ook, How does it feel to be a College Grad!? Welcome to the Team! lol"
"I'm too clever for the stations, they run me on filtration, it gets lost in translation and I'm not sure who they're saving."
"Why is Tiger Woods still news? Really? Is he that different from others How many that did what he did have to tell the world? Leave it alone"
"I 💛 Saturn. Thank you for the photos, Ryan."
"how was the shoot?"
"I put you on the list for tomorrow."
"Most Popular Food , iWould Have To Say McDonald's Becuss Everyone Has Ate It Before.."
"got some guys running North Central tonight, and tomorrow and the U of Chicago Saturday."
"Who are some good Artists in Denver that need #beats?"
"#MattCavanuaghSays Drew Brees is too tall"
"Mr Delirium's \"Survey Pro\" won 2nd place in Fells Point Corner Theatre 10x10 short play competition! I'd like to thank the little woman!"
"I tried my hardest to stay awake but I couldn't best nap I've ever taken"
"hahaha yeah ;) and don't worry I'm still waiting for the companion book- \"the female brain\""
"you agree? RT : simply put, thomas keller is to the food world what steve jobs was to the tech world."
"I'm up. Not fully functioning, but up"
"I've been eating melons for decades. I'm not going to stop now, just because they're covered with a deadly bacteria!"
"damn dude, over 7300 tweets. You need to get a verified account soon. big timer"
"I ment it was about her stalking jbieber XD"
"aw:$ well thanks<3 and yay let's do it:')"
"make sure your door is locked, you have enough food an water for several days & don't worry. zombies arent here yet."
"I honestly don't care anymore..."
"Drifting apart....."
"Spent time with #Family today ^.^ it was fun(: hope to have more days like that in the future :D"
"I'm either making money or spending it"
"#1FactAboutMe im super dingy lmao but i love it"
"thanks boss for that love"
"Hey if u have a psn account add me peyton112"
"Eddie Murphy died ??? :o"
"ill miss ya'll too - have an awesome weekend!"
"Stella job on the opening Live models, mini makeovers, the goodie bags, the raffle. #WeCouldn'tGetEnough!"
"MKE precinct still not reporting. Can we get a squad over there to make sure they're alive? Or at least not stuffing away!"
"Awesome! RT : National Burger Month has started! You need to come to to try our Dry Aged Beef Burger for..."
"Bad joke. You spoke of a relationship with food like an inter-personal one and I made a break up joke. But clearly dumb. ;)"
"Oh, I love Jack!"
"the cranky egg apologized. his last tweet to you says \"sorry man\". hmm...bipolar mullet hater?!"
"\": It is not the No. of friends you have but how much you talkwith them & them with you-several RTs R better than 7000 followers\""
"the fact that make it or break it completely over <<<<<"
"context: we were talking about footwear. Geeze."
"Another crazy workout this morning. Feeling the endorphins flowing!!"
"whatd you do now ??"
"looks like Oscar will have some roommates."
"But can $ prevail over good sense. We are 50/50 where I live.I don't know about the west but AD is bad,"
"oh ok cool"
"I just noticed totally recycled her verse from \"fuck u silly\" & put it in \"whip it\""
"- Detroit! Who is coming to visit us today?!"
"In this tug of war, you'll always win"
"“A great leader's courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position.”"
"That's live theatre, folks. The potential for failure is part of the thrill."
"Hi Nas, you wild and crazy photographer you! All great on this end. And u? Wishing you a terrific Spring."
"Remind us on your bday. We may be busy stuffing our faces...I mean...spending time with family."
"I am a slave to the food pyramid"
"Happy birthday good buddy!"
"Receiving > Stabbing"
"Providing tax and accounting services to dentists is one of specialties!"
"Thank you, Julie! OxoA"
"I'm happy that will hug for me when I'm sick :)"
"We may not have world economy in the fall, but at least we'll have football."
"Mothers define altruism. Thank you Mom! :) #Boston #GiveBack. Please Retweet! :)"
"Hello Twitter! Big things happening at Carmona Pictures in 2011. Stay tuned..."
"#x24 Mexico. Hot wash starting w Mike Fernandez leading-Google+ w NORTHCOM & GlobalBordersCollege & Mex City-how 2 improve disaster response"
"Lol I officially have Boyfriend as my ringtone"
"I feel like im watching a basketball game when watching celebrity apprentace and survivor..."
"RT : great film!"
"RT damaging your teeth every night, over and over."
"Use a BRONZER with your session to get extra #tan for your #Halloween costume! Ask a receptionist to see which one is the best for you."
":/ see... that's why ion fuck wit it"
"what's your favorite position? Lol"
"we are here for you homie"
"Heard the movie is really good. It's Joss Wedon so good examples of strong, capable women to expose your bambino to."
"Thank you for the shoutout!"
"Nevermind about packing for rockford, gonna pack next week."
"How long until JoS. A. Bank runs a \"Buy one suit, recieve majority stock in our company\" sale?"
"only a few more California shoots left..."
"When i called you,you just hung up in my facee in shit"
"-I Love My Bitch She Crazy,,,"
"nothing much. How r u?"
"Got hacked today. Should be all resolved now. what is with people who feel the need to hack? too much time on their hands, I suppose."
"Now for some Poetic Justice!"
"Cause you're my baby girl right . . . Right ?"
"Inspiring planning session with this morning!"
"I hate wheen ppl ask me why im gay. -___- $eriously bitch?"
"We can't waait to see your photos!! Thanks for joining in the revelry! XO!"
"For #Follow Friday, follow and"
"A DREAM THAT YOU WISH.,WILL COME TRUE.....HAHAHAH....I WISH SOO......"
"I'm changing my profile pic!"
"I'll be a million, billion, trillion miles away."
"Love ordering a \"large\" coffee at Starbucks."
"Beware of the man who does not drink. ~Anonymous"
"trying to go through breaking bad. In season 2. Anyone that says this is better than The Wire is crazy and not to be trusted"
"Going to temple on the North Shore tonight to witness new Jew 's first Shabbat."
"RED ROBIN!!!!"
"Because of Martha Coakley's Bravery..."
"so good!"
"If you have a Bloomy's card or Macy's card cut it up now before they cut you up... I am sick and tired of being treated Like a criminal."
"Headed to Dallas to play the Deep Ellum Arts Festival at 5pm. Praying for low-impact traffic."
"Encouragement is the water that keeps us growing, the air that we breathe, the fire that keeps us warm."
"Chillin at school waitin for the day to end so we can get on that field for the first time."
"We will be playing and old set your goals cover at the show tomorrow :)"
"It's better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone - so far. - Marilyn Monroe"
"RT : Your Spirit is indestructible, undying…. EVER❥LASTING ❤"
"So what get drunk?"
"We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection.-Dalai Lama"
"thanks so much for the follow! If I can ever help with a new mattress or some new furniture please let me know!"
"Next up, Kathy Vinson of Suffolk, who teaches legal writing. Talking about communication, cooperation, and collaboration."
"watching cold case"
": Devote yourselves to PRAYER with an ALERT MIND and a THANKFUL HEART. Colossians 4:2"
"I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 48"
"But you're cooler than the guys in here!"
":) lol Thanks x"
"Thank u 2 my followers for the love please show some love to she is new 2 twitter thanks"
"don't worry I try not to and you don't be one two Kay"
"resume has been worked on all afternoon. Gonna go watch Conan the Destroyer now. Hubby bought both on Blu-ray. lol !"
"Anyone know who cuts trees down professionally?"
"Definitely, Most Definitely."
"My toaster doesn't stop toasting whilst in mid toast. Forcing me to manually pop all my english muffins 3 feet into the air. Need coffee :)."
"you should really cook for me.(: I'm kinda curious to see how good it would be.(:"
"Work it girl!"
"“: I love you like a little brother. #LetsMakePeace #MothersDay #JustinBieber” fat cat"
"I wish I had a device that would help me detect if you like me, unfortunately I don't."
"RT My absolute favorite quote from #TEDxSummit “The city you get is the city you build.” Norman Lee #City 2.0"
"www.ashlethal.com <<check it out folks."
"Getting ready for the photo shoot tomorrow ."
"You used to be a ninja, but now you appear to have joined the matrix."
"i'm flattered!!!!!!!!RT sometimes I sit in my room alone and sing taylor swift and 1D songs while looking at pictures of joe"
"Emperor Palpatine scored a key legislative victory today thanking the Imperial Senate... Er House Republican Caucus 4 their support"
"its hard bro you wouldn't be able to."
"I think Allen West's tweets do not respect any word's individual sovereignty of their actual meanings."
"I have a DSLR shooter for you. How do I get you in touch with him?"
"Shower time :) but my dad just went in :/ grrr"
"\" I'd challenge RVD to a smoke duel.\" - With Sabu as referee."
"!!!! \"RT Um when is Akward Black Girl coming back??? These ABG shorts can only pacify me so much\""
"I'm fine with that but not upchucking haha"
"another bull penis # tag. Lol. Baseball season just got awkward."
"I need to find a new job where I can set my own hours. Any ideas?"
"is fantastic. Love being able to check it in real time on my iPhone."
"Steelers announced they will release him"
"Thats All I Really Wanna Do-Kelly"
"Plyometrics one day and Snowboarding the next day.... OMG my body is T.D. !!!!"
"AUSTIN CAN I HAVE A GOODNIGHT I LOVEW YOU TWEET?? **Always<3**"
"This Man Wants Jeter's Job Eduardo Nunez is driven by one goal: to someday be the everyday shortstop for the New York Yankees."
"Gomes looked like he was having a seizure when attempting to catch Halladay's line drive"
"#c21nonhuman misses you too."
"Heyy cutie ;) what you doing"
"For the love of god will everyone just vote for Rodgers being on the madden cover... i don't want my boo getting hurt"
"It's your world -use it to your advantage.RT : If you had to give a speech to 200 HS students about SM - what would you say?"
"If you could pimp one idea from today, what would it be?"
"recovering from building the kiddos a playset this weekend lol! How life in CA treating ya?"
"This Pain thooo <<<<"
"how are you?"
"While the Big 5 is the most reliable personality test even it has a 25% measurement error \"Nature Via Nurture\" by Ridley (2003)"
"how does your program work? We are putting together our first book, r u guys the people we talk to about publishing?"
"Great meeting you and hanging out tonight at"
"Hope the Nuggets win"
"In 2005, Citigroup's brochure urged investment into a “plutonomy index, The World is dividing into two blocs the Plutonomy and the rest.”"
"We get $40 Bush #tax break and gets $4million vacation in #Hawaii and $41 worth of dogs treats"
"Avengers was an awesome movie!! I'm going to find me a Captain America tee asap!!"
"you're welcome! :)"
"Happy birthday !!! Hope you have an amazing day !<3"
"Good Morning Tom,great show.Im from a beer drinking town,with a Football Problem(Pittsburgh)."
"where are you?"
"RT #funfact I'm an Ordained Minister... so, if you're getting married give me a call!"
"good advice."
"Begs a couple ?s. 1) Braun's privacy got breached-how? legal? 2) Precedent now set for next hi-profile test?"
"yes i only watch because of him lol"
"so i'm like re-watching One direction live on SNL and i think Niall is just so adorable"
"14 days until my concert :) can't believe I'll finally be breathing the same air as my 5 husbands..."
"Thank God my head and my vision have almost returned to normal. Was seriously alarmed there for a while."
"We'd love to be a part of that. Let's get the ball rolling!"
"National Record Store Day tomorrow! Going to pick up some White Stripes and other music goodness."
"RT : Need DJ w/ their own set up that wants 2 work Lady Gaga party 8/19 from 6p-9p. No pay, this is a great opportunity!"
"Join us at #Domenicos Pizza and (Glendora) from 5-8pm tonight! Great music + food to support Jimmy and Celestes' adoption!"
"The State Farm Fan Cam Commercial has to be the best commercial on TV"
"thanks for checkin out last night at !"
"Chris Paul says high (-: RT : Game 1 tonight!"
"My internal dialogue all day has been me going \"hi my name is ___ and I ____\" in a very sarcastic tone."
"isn't a Spurs party called Fiesta?"
"This one is my fault...I texted the words no-hitter right before this inning..."
"No prob Thanks Them C&P letterpresses got around. Probably find the big hunks of metal all over Canada too!"
"Not a bad deal haha"
"Gonna be in the library al day and night"
"Getting money everyday I'ma ground hog"
"Beautiful day in Wichita"
"got hit on by an 8th grader exactly 22 times with the cheesiest pickup lines."
"Marathon Monday !!!"
"Almost 900 followers! Hooray!!!!!!!!!!!"
"In wilderness I sense the miracle of life, and behind it our scientific accomplishments fade to trivia - Charles Lindbergh"
"yes it would!"
"That's what I heard. Congrats,"
"You don't act like it."
"Hey did you hear it's Scottsville's tour of the town today? Artisan shops, family theater, farmers market so cute, so quaint, so Scottsville"
"Youth Group :*"
"The Economist’s Profits Increase as Digital-Only Subscriptions Top 100,000."
"Coming back from a fun and exhausting recording session with Arahm. SO TIRED . #Riley . LIVE ReaL😏"
"Pizza party 2nd block ;)"
"awesome idea Llyod! I hope you'll make other areas part of your travels. Either way goodluck! I hope to enjoy one soon"
"17.5 years for Tucson man who stole while on probation for robbery - Arizona Daily Star 17.5 years for Tucson man who stole while on prob"
"Isn't it fun? Thanks Rachel! RT : First Date. Must See."
"Sounds like finals, indeed. Good luck!"
"Cruising is so much better when the houses have Christmas lights"
"well they like me the least"
"When people think of me they think of studying and things that have to do w/ school. 1. I HATE SCHOOL 2. I NEVER STUDY 3. I'm just like you."
"I may need a photo of this one!"
"thats a lotta starch...lol...but I'm sure it will fill into all the right place...until mid-30's lol"
"way to go out on a limb, all the Boston media is saying the same thing"
"New House baby."
"relaxing watching some tv for once then birthday tonight"
"So the Phoenix Nordiques it is!!!"
"#FF , , , : Thank you for following. Wishing you the best for the Holidays."
"Swing by for a drink this weekend!!!"
"Photo Retoucher available with reasonable rates. Looking to book orders:"
"Lololololololol that's random"
"Everyone is getting ready for the #ClearedJobFair First the career seminar \"Resume Tips & Tricks\" #security clearance"
"so true hahaha"
"Yay! And I love singing that song. I think you're right about the ST styles!"
"Overheard in rehearsal: it's rude to vomit on a bros floor"
"Thanks :D"
"Haha! Well I think you're awesome enough for a #txst shout-out anyways. You are the new VP!"
"WE HAVE A HALF DAY TMRW!!"
"I'm going to see mets/reds tonight. so i'll be keeping tabs on my phone. best baseball year EVER!"
"Hawks win it in OT....Go Hawks"
"\"Inside every girl..there's a boy.\"- She's the Man."
"Without Change ~ There Can be No Breakthrough. Without Breakthrough ~ There Can be No Change :)"
"We can go nowhere but up from here, my dear."
"Charlotte, NC is a beautiful city. Very cool."
"I agree, love their desktop app too, but without a landscape feature I can't see it replacing the mail app just yet."
"Happy Sunday everyone. Beautiful day in Madison today!"
"New Family Guy."
"67% of Prospector items are unique wow!"
"yay christmas eve is tomorrow!"
"I start with self portraits. Last year it was wax resist paired with their names in colored noodles (kinderkiddies)."
"If i had $1 for every Fun Fact you know... I'll probraly be a millionare ;D"
"(stefon crying) omg one low price and double the order, that's 2 traveling toilets for the price of 1. I can't no....wait that's remarkable."
"Thanks lady!!"
"Thanks--sorry about your ankle!"
"could you please post more pictures??"
"NF - HOW TO SURVIVE THE TITANIC (Frances Wilson) - abt the ship's owner who saved himself during the wreck, but killed his reputation."
"good bye :)"
"Still have to write this letter....damn!"
"Mission: do for books what has been done for journals"
"I have stomach problems :(("
"Glad to be sharing my birthday with have a great day friend!!!"
"This can't be real."
"Fact: over 500,000 high school seniors graduate every year...only 2% of them will play division 1,2 or 3."
"Who knew this debate would be so hilarious?"
"This Uncle Tom Republican Herman Cain Says if you are out of a Job or Not Rich Blame yourself so I say to This Punkass Loser F U, H.Cain!"
"shut up keith"
"Los Angeles Lakers VS. Chicago Bulls! Go Lakers!"
"Movie about Haiti 'YEAR ZERO' by Carlos Cazalis & David Snider tonight at the Bubble Lounge 7PM Proceeds to NGO J'Aime Haiti."
"How much eligibility do you have left?"
"Westbrook, nobody wants to see u vs Kobe, everybody wants to see KD vs Kobe.. pass the ball kid"
"me too! Everyone was totally nonchalant!"
"damn fam if u can find some every liquor store I been to talmbout dey done sold out"
"Good morning to you!"
": All's well. Just slingin' movies and freelancin' like a monster. We need to gather folks for BBQ some evening!"
"Garbage in Garbage out!"
"no sleep last night. broke down and got an americano. more like american-go today."
"Awesome! Have a safe and fun trip. Tell Ashley congrats again for me."
"all we have to do is just have the tickets in our hands❤❤❤❤"
"Still SO SUPER DUPER GEEKED about your news! Hope you slept a wee wink last night :)"
"I'm proud of you :-) What city you in"
"\"Would you rather be underpaid or overrated?\""
"I probably can! What kind of food you looking for?"
"and my daddy said stay await from juliet!"
"\"They're looking for WR's.\" First smart thing these broadcasters have said today."
"is the game streaming on #tuneinradio for WNST? I'm poolside need to know!!"
"oh cool cuz I was like what the hell. glad to hear terrified can be good lol ;)"
"goddamn wireless...internets funky round here for a couple days so twitter on and off guys:/"
"I might be going to jail soon.....bitch bein real reckless."
"u didnt know that?"
"hah...southwest...but maybe I'll spring for a drink or two..."
"RIP Adam Yauch"
"I've had this feeling with the Steelers and Mavericks. But NOTHING comes close to this. Kentucky basketball is a part of me."
"“: Finished day one of #p90x” Long and hard road, but so worth it."
"great activation"
"Good night all! Please keep following and tell your friends to follow as well! You will hear a lot a bout us soon!"
"When someone you were once very close to now becomes someone you barely if not at all talk to<<<"
"then i hate to admit how much fun i'm having lol"
"I just booked The Lowe's job and shoot this week!!!!!"
"#madmen prediction: yes, Pete Campbell will commit suicide...but he'll jump out the window, spin, and happen to land, comfy, in an armchair."
"I've got some nice brews from the west coast to share with you!"
"Woah watch out for the couch on the right lanes of the 8-east near hotel circle"
"OMG Melody!!! That guy doing ur hair is Larrys cousin Steve!!! Tell him we say hi!!! U look gor-gee-ous :0"
"Music, spoken word, beauty body and hair are all in the house at #naturallypretty event by #naturalchica n"
"THAT WAS SICK!"
"I'm having a great morning daytrading and calling the IRS...yeah baby!"
"Papa Doug decides?"
"Happy Summer y'all! Celebrate by loving USA, getting outdoors, swinging a bat, staying hydrated, and charging the mound"
"#jerrybrown just went over the 50% threshold, i guess $150mm doesnt go as far as it used to, Meg."
"did you like orlando"
"lol! U should just make a massive tweet of the definition. Lol. Obviously they don't know about google. Lol"
"IAmMikeKennedy I bet you can't. In fact, I bet the only thing that'll make you feel better is beer and chicken wings."
"Finally starting to get through to this survey class. Drawing some sparks from that extinguished hearth."
"Counting down to Crown and Coke...2 1/2 more hours"
"If I got a tweet from I would probably pass out."
"here's an idea, no record, I don't pay you"
"But not really, you say the nastiest shit in bed and that's fucking awesome."
"Work out time. Back to the grind"
"Yes that would drive me crazy listening to the drill. LOL"
"Thanks. Wish they could share this more broadly."
"Looks like a warmer, more humid pattern about ready to take hold over the next week-10 days."
"ya we should have :)"
"Alex, what #dirtywork have you done, sir?"
"Come in sometime!"
"My bathroom scale died on me yesterday. I'm trying to ignore the potentiality of a hidden message in that."
"I'm so excited!!"
"You know you want to come to our #SMWWDC happy hour tomorrow. Go ahead, RSVP: on.fb.me/wUQTGR"
"Coming soon to the Traditions Room... Reception!"
"Can't complain at all. U?"
"why must I pay $19.99 + another $20 to exchange a phone that is under warranty + which does not work?"
"wow! this is painfully wack."
"20 bucks says takes home Best Picture tonight at the"
"yay! Another birdie who loves fresh basil :)) I'm holding off munching on it until it grows a little •>"
"“: how many times must we play the same damn song on the radio??? We nee to take the radio over!” Let's Occupy the Radio!!!"
"No tweets from how will I know how the ranger really are doing"
"Congrats on your BEST ACTOR award at the #barebonesfilmfestival!"
"Yes! Or like The Green Mile."
"Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Madison!"
"When Leonardo DiCaprio let's go of the door, and sinks to the bottom of the ocean."
"when they busted the gnome open was the best!"
"Re: hackey sack beat boxing, it's still on. We'll bring the hacky sacks, you bring the beats. Let's talk this out next week"
"I just realized that and are following me on #twitter !!! :) That's pretty cool."
"Race weekend! Who's pumped?"
"Tom Hiddleston might be my new favorite, if only he didn't have to compete with Mark Ruffalo and Thor."
"there was nothing to do.lol right now, I'm about to get up to go to school."
"We are being represented this week at the 2012 Vision Council Executive Summit!"
"Cuz I can still hear his momma cry"
"Sure, how would you like to do that?"
":) ...have a great Thanksgiving!"
"whered u send that track?"
"I believe everyone should get affluent and famous and do everything they ever dreamed of so they may see that it is not the answer."
"Good to have the Sonic drive through guys back."
"People should be able to do what they want aslong as they not hurting anyone"
"Here's a novel idea... keep most of your recruiting promises and players will be less inclined to transfer in the first place."
"lmaoo i miss u to dude :( are u still in dallas?"
"Keep us informed. Our power is out in WL!!"
"Good thing these coors cans have vent holes ..."
"Keep it coming! Was just put on avail for a comercial."
"Je m'appelle Mitt Romney & I insulted an ex president who served his country honorably. BTW, I hid in France to avoid the Vietnam war."
"Light is sweet,and it pleases the eyes to see the sun (Ecclesiastes 11:7) Its a blessing to be able to see another day"
"Rich concerned about library being burned to the ground? sounds like we need multiple copies... #lifelit> Let's conquer Mars then!?"
"RT : Hope to do and proud at #CSMB2B in Philly tomorrow. OK nighty night! <Prez is gr8 Good Luck!"
"My ears are still ringing."
"Does anyone have the numbers for McGee on Bynum vs. McGee not on Bynum?"
"We appreciate your support in making this awesome project happen!"
"You not humble you will not succeed the route you are going ! #Take it How You Want"
"Hey, I want to hear \"I'm Not A Gangsta\" by !"
"Hot Uncle Cooper on The Big Bang Theory...whoa."
"its custom, if its just a clip that I already made-- for clipsforsale or something its different. :)"
"Wow, finally caught up with what happened. Good for you realizing your mistake and trying to right the ship."
"why so we engage with this clown theron? I just hate people spewing misinformation and racebaiting. How are you today in AA?"
"My computer is ready to die. This is not helping my stress level."
"Awesome. Downloading right now for my late May trip!"
"Pinterest driving sales in the home goods sector (cc: et al)"
"tell me about it...took 4.5 hours to get home from work. It's Friday dammit!"
"I'm giving up on gmail and going back to mail.app. I'm curious if you have tried or have thoughts about sparrow vs mail.app"
"Obama admin will permit Ariz’s cut to 250,000 poor adults from Medicaid, despite provision in new hc law federal officials said Wednesday."
"I would suggest looking into smashwords.com. It's what I used to convert my book into all eformats. Super easy."
"\": LOL @ helicopter\" yes like Romy and Michelle High School Reunion lol"
"Yous a down ass bitch, and I ain't mad atcha."
"Just saw: USC crushed, Georgia squeaked, Oregon (my Ducks!) won. Seems strange to think things exist outside my storm-chaser cocoon."
"I really just want to make some cookies"
"LMAO sorry i dont want to sing >:)"
"I wish would come to Nola for a guest spot. I need ink :("
"Come on in and try one of our kids cooking classes!"
"oh... Well, you did a good job anyway:)"
"Get to drive my nana places since she cant drive:)"
"RW RT OK, so \"leverage\" is a bad word now?"
"hey! i miss my library world. how goes it at MLA?"
"Surrounded by Yankees fans with Southern accents. Truly one of he greatest nights of my life."
"I'm down for whatever. You just lead the way"
"venti iced coffee with 3 scoops of sugar and a dash of milk?"
"Thanks for helping us sell smoothies today!"
"I don't.get annoyed easily at all ...but when I do it's"
"- I spend my days lookin through pages, trying to find a way, to get away from me!"
"Using that word at all as a pejorative continues to stigmatize people with disabilities. Same as using \"gay\" as an insult."
"Thx for the Revolución Shout out!"
"we missed this! Will they be doing it again?"
"We'd love to know how sees the importance of music in communities"
"Actions are able to prove why sometimes words mean nothing."
"The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet. Oppenheim, James"
"hey they're called iranians, buddy ;)"
"Moss won't stay motivated if he isn't getn the ball enough."
"Congrats, just read the story!"
"Bo Jackson is such a hero"
"if you don't have time, ill upload all the pics! Im impatient. Haha"
"Go see Act of Valor"
"Going to yet another useless day at school while all my friends are in washington , im playing hangman with bri"
"The true cure for depression is not to feel you are being loved, but to give love. Love more and feel better."
"Online through our website http:/shop.iheartballs.org"
"Figuring out why art school lacked business class: A) No one will pay you on time & B) IF you get paid, it'll probably go to the booze fund."
"This; if comp classes at rural comm college were like uni classes, I think Ss might be intimidated/discouraged."
"Go figure, I'm excited for the #2012NFLSchedule release!"
"Got a B on my theology quiz and I told my professor to recheck that. I have to sound out the word to even spell theology"
"They ambushed me...comin out of Trader Joe's.... Outnumbered...no match for...#GirlScouts!"
"wanting a union does not mean we have \"problems.\" it means we want the power that we have a right to!"
"I would probably hit Skip Bayless if I seen him"
"When did the #nba become world cup soccer?"
"Sitting at my desk wondering who paired a sleepy sock with my good sock."
"lover of life and natural beauty? The G Hursh I know doesn't mind a little silicone...lol"
"\": Grip wide get wide. Then...wait for it...... #Beach...and Kelly's\" pics of naughty girls in little please"
"I would like to read some Megan Draper long-con conspiracy theories."
"“: What if the Hokey Pokey really is what it's all about?” hahaha this is the twitter thing"
"i think outside my house there might be a fight i might just go and see if it might also be robbers"
"You can be right, or you can be happy. You'll learn this one day, Grasshopper. - happy in Virginia!"
"Loving is an art...but not everyone is a artist."
"LAUREN! I haven't talked to u in like for ever ... Do u remember me ? :)"
"Congrats to her! Also, I'm NYC for the next few months. We should hang."
"Im recordin everything from day one in the gym"
"Yay RT : Looking forward to opening up at the next week! Founded by & Ken Tominaga!..."
"I miss u 2"
"Accounting. We meet again."
"will you hurry up already lol"
"Thanks: : thanks for your RT and keeping the community consistently informed, Robin & Amanda!"
"RT : SOCIAL MONDAYS TONIGHT AT im not djing but i might be making a guest appearance drinking a sparkling water"
"hashtags can be anything you want."
"on family guy there acting like jews its funny as hell"
"Um, what about Morna Hooker?"
"Yea man. I guess it's good we drafted 2 more d lineman this year."
"#SexandtheCity oh how I have missed you! Needed a dose of this wisdom. Makes me miss my college roomies tho! :-("
"have high fiber in the morning to cut cravings later in the day"
"No time to go to comic book store for day b/c I'm too busy writing a paper on comic books (specifically Wertham)"
"This has been a tough week for me. I'm really learning big lessons. I'm opening up my awareness more and more."
"Check out our friends who are launching this week and connects you with VIPs while supporting good causes!"
"Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which, in prosperous circumstances, would have lain dormant. -Horace"
"God their passive aggressive bullshit is tiresome"
"You lost the best thing thàts ever walked into your life."
"You can get my CD \"Heaven\" on itunes and CD Baby!"
"This sure is a weak ass monday"
"Getting a Mani & a Pedi, AT THE SAME DAMN TIME!"
"I never can understand how grown individuals can b so childish and selfish! Grow up! The world doesn't revolve around u!"
"Looking for a personalized holiday workout? E-mail us at to receive your workout!"
"that's why I only sex w/ midgets. My junk looks like a sewer pipe in their hands"
"So you think Bo Ryan was wrong to want an in-person discussion with Uthoff? Too many kids calling/texting their decisions"
"Tell your mama #HappyMothersDay!"
"ur right ur not pretty...... You Are GORGEOUS!! So i think its called \"gorgeous sleep\" ahahah"
"a local quilt shop that I really liked closed its doors :("
"Well that was a weird re-tweet! Hootsuite fail"
"it's a wonderful day cause it is your birthday"
"RT : And I love music, so everyone should keep making it."
"Are you ready to change the world? Today we will be on campus at and Stop by and learn more about !"
"That awkward moment when you realize you've been mispronouncing a word your entire life..."
"Once again, I got cut from SNL at the elevator. This time I was third from the door! At this rate, I'll make it in soon enough!!"
"Come do a standup in my office over here in Boston. Come as Bobby Bottle Service, that's the only request."
"Thanks for the RT :)"
"2 hours of sleep. Psha! You 8 hour a night people are suckas! What's your over/under as to when I'll fall asleep at my desk today?"
"That's awesome! I've heard all sorts of amazing stories and he's been super sweet to me each time we've spoken."
"I am too cause this one girl just posed o pic of it but it had someone's ele name under it :/"
"Have a missionary friend staying a few days, just me a $20,000,000 offering for my ministry (too bad it's Zimbabwe dollars and worthless :-)"
"Still need extras this Sat. for #HomeBrewed #webseries shoot. Will be loads of fun, great experience & did I mention there's #freefood ?"
"Today is my Sisters Birthday. She would have been 41. Happy Birthday Tracie! Blow out the stars on your cloud cake tonight."
"I love it!"
"I dub you JR, cuteus maximus"
"dont give it to her! Hah and allen came up with that"
"I'm down! Can you FB message me the details?"
"imagine Samantha replying to teen, texted, questions about sex?"
"well just have too wait and see how this all play out Peyton thing and the 49ers are interested also too"
"RT : If you are reading this, follow"
"Give it a rest already. Protect 2nd Ame~RT : Maine: Efforts Being Mounted to Have Park Carry Prohibition Reconsidered in Committee!"
"for the follow"
"Yawns* Good morning!"
"Arena Football League gave its commish a 5-yr contract. That's the same rationale as Anthony Davis registering for sophomore classes at UK"
"Raiders remake was a BLAST, a loving recreation that mixed filmmaking ingenuity w fanboy passion."
"Someone tell Miguel to buy P90X"
"MT There is no reserve seating & a large crowd is expected, so fans are urged to arrive early & carpool or take the Trolley."
"SOULSTICE! road to LA party! PISCES bday bashes! LIVE art..music & dance! Be there early for performances! All !"
"Hm... I wonder who you will take!!!!"
"I'll be in Jacksonville next week..."
"\"The camera puts on 10 lbs\" is a common expression. But, a great photographer can take off 20 lbs w lighting & techniques."
"The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware, joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely aware -- Henry Miller"
"I make no demands. I will just let you work your magic."
"I gave Jody from the subway a free copy of Water In A Broken Glass. It was the least I could do for all the support she's given me."
"Staff meeting, hopefully better than the rest of a very frusturating work day! Wondering what it takes...."
"OMG what a fab night last night thank you nyc"
"Gunna get big tomorrow :D"
"take one step at a time, no need to rush :)"
"\"Conservative fighting for limited govt & fiscal responsibility\" Am I then \"Liberal fighting for unlimited govt & fiscal irresponsibility\"?"
"not a bad idea. Can we hold a simple majority vote on the triangle parting ways?"
"Reminder, OpenSpace will be closed next Monday for the Fourth of July. Enjoy the holiday!"
"is food?"
"Your Very Welcome! =)"
"is it online? I'm their Educational Consultant...."
"What's your next biggest financial goal? Buying a house? Car? Paying down debt?"
"The post season is under way, go Ducks!"
"Just started reading Matterhorn by Karl Marlantes. I am excited."
"Just ran the table in adult beerpong. Both awkward and reassuring that I haven't completely lost it"
"I'M SO SAD KNOWING THAT MY WISH OF HAVING AUSTIN MAHONE FOLLOW ME WILL NEVER COME CAUSE HE NEVER NOTICES ME"
"Can you believe he didn't punt the ball... Holy hell.. Well Brady still got a few fantasy points for my team!"
"thanks! There will be more in time. :)"
"FIVE is working to fill about 100 Healthcare IT positions in hospitals across the nation"
"It's not really that much going on now cause of the weather"
"Peace is not the absence of affliction, but the presence of God."
"the celebs don't really bother me, in fact I kinda liked it when the Mavs shut them up by beating the Lakers."
"I often hear “I don’t have time to network”. #Networking is something we can do any time and any place as long as we're open to it."
"But why did I use this girls shimmer nonsense cream, now I just look like a shining ode"
"Hi Steve thanks for contacting me not at this time no one responded to my book store needs"
"Loved it!"
"Carmen: I knew that Floop guy was a freak."
"I'm a high stake poker player looking for passes for opening night. Anything you can do to help a future horseshoe regular?"
"So close to packing shit up and leaving this place"
"im in #orlando with my crew,security buggin,wont let in..talkin bout my dog cant get in,but in there with his dogs"
"Essex day festival. Then route"
"#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves...... talk loud when you're sitting a few inches away from them!!!!"
"just finished the judging, old books. believe it or not: ANGEL by the REAL elizabeth taylor - the writer!"
"I have my middle finger in the air && don give af"
"I may need to get in on this"
"Antonio Pantarelli! Amazing rock violinist--why can't I find him on the internet?"
"my power fail...was not the first :-) should've known better!"
"SNL a little easy on Santorum. With so many fish to shoot in this barrel, they satirize his... tireless campaigning?"
"lets all smoke an L"
"Another beautiful Monday morning! What exciting thing are you doing this week?"
"What's good with ya sis and can I party yet or are we still waiting...lol Luv ya :-)"
"The #fullmoon looks absolutely stunning tonight."
"try to get that to me ASAP!!! Or !"
"Yeah! lil King Kong"
"how are you?"
"I have the biggest head ache right now"
"him at this point in time to people just getting to know him."
"OKAY OKAY!"
"RT:Publishers need 2 digitally disrupt themselves to survive. Half the INMA room wnt survive McQuivey"
"RT : Visit us on March 28. We’re demonstrating our Cloud Security and Monitoring technology."
"So confused right now. "
"How many student photographers & filmmakers do we have following us?"
"Thank you for abundance."
"A listing for a \"Senior Librarian\" at the National Geographic Society just came across my twitter feed. I may have peed myself."
"Word, I said I was joking."
"lololol you are so LA bro!"
"#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty it's gon be some dominoes or spades being played"
"Nikon fiscal year operation profit seen rising 39 percent: Nikkei"
"My days aren't complete when the things I plan don't happen."
"Hm widespread thunderstorms, guess canoeing on the Potomac with is not the best idea ever:("
"I don't think the media should be in the feting business. Least of all because they're not good at it."
"There isn't enough emphasis on problem solving, critical thinking, and writing. Profs don't assign much writing."
"\"prohibit from requiring\"=council not allowed to require (w/exceptions)=far different than ban."
"Email sent... and yes, I'd like to be part of your next private beta."
"My sister comes home tomorrow ! Cheer practice bye ♥"
"Heading out from the hotel in Montreal. Back on the train... Until 1 AM."
"John Riley: \"You are a brand. You market yourself through your actions, by being who you say you are.\""
"you know what happens when you wear happypants? You do a happydance! :)"
"<3 sorry i suck but yeh get there so you can slang shirts."
"Hat! will work on pics! Party! :) You were kind to give hat."
"I look good."
"I'm fine baby and you? Are you still havin' exams or what? Good to see you back, darling"
"Life is amazing :)"
"Listening to #SaySomethin and goodnight guys!<3"
":o no honey im talking about you .... lol i is no hoe"
"Watching the day after good thing i knew the day before"
"Advanced screening passes to #TheDictator - the new #SachaBaronCohen flick! Listen to he's got'em appx 7:30pm"
"not talking to you."
"Not cool? Watching people in an exercise boot camp & eating a donut in front of them. Also not cool? Yelling \"Try Harder!\""
"When your ex asks if you can still be friends right after a break up, it's like having a kidnapper tell you to keep in touch."
"I dig Shakespeare."
"Don't forget Susan Smith too."
"Time to flip the script!"
"How was your lunch? We hope you loved it!"
"I saw I had a notification and I smiled cause I thought followed me but.... I was wrong:("
"Sometimes there's not enough Mountain Dew in the world to get me through the day."
"No I don't live MY life YOUR way. Ugh! I can't see you in the dark. That is correct you have no shinning light beaming around U. IDIOT"
"45 minutes from my house."
"how did y'all go there?"
"www.worldchampionfans.com Get your banner or yard sign today and support United Way! and the SAINTS #TWODAT SEASON"
"RT : \"Courage is an important part of leadership.\" Couldn't agree more"
"“: lol get lost!!” ok gettin lost"
"Teaming up with our friends at for an October screening of Nénette. Check out the new app on their website: at www.redapes.org."
"voted for u and this week.(:its gettig harder to choose between u four cause ur all so amazzing"
"Been playing around with adobe premiere, Making this travel ad. so far so good. Love the design world."
"Crazy for make ups.. Ahh wish i had so much money to buy all those.. ☺♥☑"
"#sdmayornp Lewis: where do we draw the line? Filner: priorities. Fletcher: some issues cross boundaries, solve those with philanthropy."
"hands r cute show me your hands"
"One of many awesome things about - stacks of baskets randomly placed around stores. Brilliant."
"Yeah Justin Bieber in trends"
"fair only if I get to buy you a beer at capital fringe and meet you"
"Hehe, YES they are :D"
"Aw ok....u deleted ur Facebook?"
"That makes the #Tulsa show the day before. Although he'd probly be too tired after a late night of Manilow."
"Seriously...with community members, faculty, students, \"experts\". Focused on Englewood & solving problems w/ resources available."
"It's up to yhu to choose them wisely"
"why on earth did i get an email about asain singles..."
"Thanks for the #ff!"
"Rain in DC since March 1 now almost 60% below average Moderate drought conditions increasing in area"
"PickUpLine: Smash an ice cube and say, \"Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?\""
"Who can tutor me in micro? #solost but really..."
"*waiting for mentions*"
"EXCITING NEWS: Have just completed the arrangements for 3 new songs... \"Paradidomi Life\", \"From The Inside Out\" & \"100 Stars\""
"I didn't go to #SENIO12 awards night. I wonder what award I received?"
"that is to say, not about \"CIA Mole\" leak, as it reads."
"Attention all you runners: Keep up the running guys!"
"Buy me some Mary Jane"
"27th and North"
"Carissa!!!! Omg yes it's such a good movie and I miss u too, it's nice to hear from you!"
"Uh. Yeah. I'm gonna eat dinner then I'll be on thy way."
"Good Morning. It's your day. Make the best of it!"
"What did you have for breakfast?"
"it was sincere. coltons not so much"
"Lots of fog this morning - have a safe commute Seattleites!"
"Finding out the day before that I have matching camp tomorrow. <"
"Everything is set for the January 2012 New Year's Resolution Cleanse. Info @ www.21daypurificationprogram.com"
"“: Happy National Siblings Day”"
"you bet it does it quadrupled my Facebook requests! Go figure...."
"Yay! Of course, Sarah!"
"yes please! Wed?"
"Aslan is on the move. Believe it. His Kingdom is coming."
"im going with the irish. you are never right!"
"I'd forgotten how sick that '95 Mike's was too."
"Attacked!! By a creature from the deep....bastard jellyfish...\"Oh God, the humanity!\""
"So Casey lied b/c she was afraid of being accused of child neglect & child abuse PTS? Doesn't explain everything found."
"I had a great Spin class today! Check out my hair accessory on facebook!"
"Just checked out website, Love to see such great design concepts in DC!"
"Happy New Years to all my Wonderful followers<3"
"#SilverSpring, Ravioli & Lasagna sound good? Stop into Mama Lucia on 4/26. 25% of your bill will support"
"Ugh . Time for school -______-"
"how wonderful for you Herb!!! Glad you had a great Mother's Day!!! and hope you will have another beautiful wknd ♥ Aoede ♪♫"
"Working to do this through events, online opportunities, media relations. It's a newish position. Started in 7/09."
"Where are we? What the hell is going on?"
"Don't ever worry about ur future love. U r beautiful & mr right will show up when u least expect it."
"Go Cats!! Congrats to Coach Calipari, Buster Brow, and the whole Big Blue Nation #comebackforseconds!"
"RT Trying to kill a spider but you missed and thinking, \"It's going to kill me in my sleep\""
"Harper went yard tonight"
"2013 :-/ but I DO want to come experience Turkey. Every time I see a doc or TV show about it I think about you 2."
"Time for a fresh green bowl. <3"
"o no! I just saw this tweet! Everyone is starting to pack up now...."
"Death makes you realize that you shouldn't waste time on things that don't make you happy."
"i love him with all my heart."
"I don't know who this is but I'm doing it! RT : RT this if you think should do the half marathon!"
"Good Morning"
"Hoosiers vs Wildcats in the sweet sixteen. Should be a great game. Hate to have to do this but"
"Looking forward to seeing you guys in BsAs, will look forward to hearing abt the rest of the trip!"
"Keeneland, gun range, motorcycling, Goth night in the Ville, dinners out, Larry Flynt book signing..."
"I hope it rains soon because lightning just fried our sprinkler system."
"good stories!! Feed the minds of the youngins!! Nasa needs more rocket scientists ;)"
"which band?"
"Omg Guys With Accents<333"
"RT : Already getting it going with !!!"
"Best thing about being on the road by 5:30am ... Only a little bit of traffic"
"With the #Brewers hosting the #Reds for 3 & the #Cubs for 3, what's a successful home stand? I gotta think 4-2 is a must. Tough!"
"wait, they're talking about arrays at #drupalcon?"
"can't call me a ref doe"
"love it and us mahomies know that your not copying JB. We love you<3 haters gonna mahomies gonna love <3"
"My company, TV Magic, provided free consulting to SDUSD which resulted in over $9 million in grant money for the district."
"20minutes left of #champagnethursday! Make the most of it darlings."
"\"thats like, instant sloppy seconds!\" hahahaha"
"everyone please follow my rockin' awesome buddy > she is very talented, sweet, cool, and fun to chat with"
"Certainly enjoyed your presentation at #UnitedwayAtl today. Very informative"
"I bought 3# bags of cranberries at on Jan2. Worth checking if you have one nearby! And crans freeze great."
"\": Should I smile because we are friends? Or cry because we'll never be anything more?\""
"DONE! Tell yer friends! ;)"
"Happy Good Friday and Passover Cincinnati!"
"I like my wallpaper"
"Wasn't biotech making promises, but universities & econ developers who thought they had found (yet another) silver bullet"
"Mumford & Sons >>>"
"RT : I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed. Michael Jordan"
"Getting close to 100 likes! Maybe we'll do something special for the Rabid Facebooker that becomes our"
"Don't try to be deep and neglect storytelling. You'll put your audience to sleep--if you even get one in the first place."
"I need me a OE Night"
"Omg I've never been more tired than today had to wake up at 7:00 drive all the way Northstar in morning traffic ugh stores almost done"
"I'm Ron fucking Swanson"
"Thanks for coming!"
"Where did you hear that?"
"lots of us ladies are loving it :-)"
"Boo. [hugs] Sometimes people just say things that hurt us. Just keep going and you will get there."
"Added some new shows to the schedule, check'em out"
"Congrats Grizzlies!!! Amazing team! Love to see the underdog making it to the top!!"
"Definitely pulling for the pacers in this series"
"yeah dude, you know who he is - which other asian dude did we used to ball with all the time late as hell?"
"...i just love him and care for him so fucking much, no one understands"
"Shes the reason why i smile <3"
"OH in Wendy's drive-thru: \"I have to go to the bathroom.\" \"Yeah, well so do I and no one else goes until I get to go!\""
"Hmm. I guess it is the exasperating part of the problem! Thanks for sharing."
"doesnt live anywhere near there . (: we were In school .(Tejeda middle school) and she said we could walk to his house.."
"great talking with you too. Blog post to come about it soon."
"I think drunk DMing would be fun. Ha ha ha. Our sober DM sessions tend to peter off."
"A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds."
"Snuggled up to just popped in a movie. The perfect way to end a Sunday night ;)"
"driving with my dad = 😡"
"LOL! You still can."
"maybe you should stop tweeting and hold onto something LOL"
"Great to see you. Can't wait to see you on my TV soon!"
"Ariana is adorable, flawless, kind, talented and absolutely amazing. All the haters out there know its true, they're too scared to admit it♥"
"No. RT Check out \"GANG OF ROSES 2\" with Amber Rose and WIZ & on VideoOnDemand Today!"
"miss you!"
"I call that incident more as a magical moment in time."
"Gilbert: we rationalize happiness w/ children; they destroy other sources of joy, bt we remember kids as great bc of few transcend moments"
"I'm just not the one when it comes to relationships"
"Check out new Thanksgiving post, Turkey Talk! When u grow out of a food allergy, you have much to be thankful for! www.theallergistmom.com"
"you Picture is FLAWLESS <3! Follow Please SARAH! i love you so much.. you're one of my Inspirations! Thanks Love you! <3!"
"I don't have an iPad at all and am, surprisingly, still able to function as a human. $AAPL"
"#OWIF: Under the ancient rules of dance off, if one leader is eaten by a giant fish the other guy inherits their posse."
"we didn't get enough word out on the april 10th Dishcrawl so we moved it to may 7th and the ticket price is only 30 now!"
"Sometimes its better not to say anything. Saying how you truly feel might make things worse."
"Thanks! :) New post tomorrow."
"We'll be just fine, you & me, if you just stay."
"The Phillies need to grit and determine their way to five runs."
"Topped out today with 125 cappers with action going tonight and 5 consensus total, 2 NBA,2 CBB and the 1 NHL with Flyers/Sharks over"
"Getting ready for my very own #maternity photo shoot with this afternoon - SO excited!"
"Baby you're the one I need tonight"
"was being #awkward last night when we were skyping. Now I'm going to tweet her until she wakes up."
"Hi. I'm Selena. -smiles sweetly at you-"
"Sue me than. I will be waiting for the papers. Actually I think I will call INS. I bet you are an illegal."
"For those keeping up...Dad had a quiet night, good rest."
"omg that's so epic"
"I dig it"
"Just got my packet for the race tomorrow. YOU GUYSS! It's so cool! I can't wait!"
"No problem, anytime!"
"Frozen yogurt run was probably a mistake. Or the mounds of candy I poured on top of it."
"She hasn't text me back ):"
"Not much I hate more than an annoying kiosk worker who pretends to not understand \"no thank you\" and forces me to be rude."
"You bother me"
"I very much loved this week's article in the New Yorker by re: a plagiarist who is SO MUCH more likable than Stephen Glass."
"We will see about that... I'll bring something nice in a few weeks, then."
"Demi likes Niall. Niall likes Demi. Um.. Why are you not together yet? ;)"
"How come its like time goes by fast when you don't wan it to, yet it goes by slowly when you want it to go by fast?"
"me me me"
"I guess it goes without saying why my team is in jeopardy"
"hit me when it does"
"The contrast between the teams' attitude to preparation was summed-up during the rain delay. While the England squad went through a len ..."
"yeah me too. but i'm rooting for the consciousness or paradigm shift or a moral evolution or something."
"i helpe my bor in law move!! fun fun:/"
"can You Please Follow me On Twiiter. I'll Love You Forever"
"Meyer must have been deep into the Crayola box at this point & she couldn't even figure out the color she liked to write in"
"going to bed night"
"#addicted to flick soccer"
"What are you wearing tomorrow ??"
"I wish. I really wish to be on that stage dancing. That's really what I meant."
"You know you're ghetto when you wash paper plates"
"A lot of baby boomers are baby bongers."
"Im not gonna date any more guys until I graduate Highschool. They're stupid"
"where you hanging out at tonight bro? Huge UK fan! Would love to get my son an autograph."
"Yep, trash can with a lid. If you fold up the diaper within itself &velcro it up tight, it won't be too vile."
"arugula salad with avocado"
"Oh it's on now Mike! SI wont give up the mayorship of my local Pho place without a fight till the death ;)"
"Coffee 1st became trendy in Arabia during the 13th century."
"it's very important"
"Haha - must have zoned out :-P"
"love the way life goes when your focused...u will have to sacrafice some things...but go hard NOW , in the end, everyone will be happy"
"or a novel!"
"#FridayReads Finishing HORNS by today, then starting THE WIND THROUGH THE KEYHOLE by"
"the beginning"
"Just got ready to go out for dinner & my friend's 2-yr old (with whom I've been playing all day) said, \"who's that?\" good sign? Bad sign?"
"RT - bout to order me & kei dis new england patriots creeper set for our babies ."
"BREAKING: Big Oil up with pro- ads in violation of \"People's Pledge.\""
"RT : One of the photographers at this wedding is using bounce flash, outdoors....."
"Playoff Hockey is so intense, I'm buggin out REAL hard"
"RT RT : house music all the way"
"Having balls must really suck, literally."
"\"Mistakes aren't things to be discouraged. On the contrary, they should be cultivated and carefully investigated.\""
"Over the years, I've found Coaches resistant to changing the way they teach tackling. Executive leadership must step up and mandate change."
"well I hope you get better."
"Never let the little head do the thinking for the big head. - (advice to teenage boys, quoted in Friendly Advice by Jon Winokur)"
"NPS official testifies that agency will \"very soon\" start enforcing anti-camping rules against #OWS protesters in DC's McPherson Square."
"Thanks to , , for joining today!"
"congrats homie! You've done well"
"Was on the verge of buying tickets to Wango Tango this year. Then I realized its the same day as my brother's wedding."
"hahaha love you too! You're what I've been looking for 😍"
"lightning striking<"
"they both rocked but it was the OMG girls that won"
"yea, it's where ur focus needs to b : )"
"Consumers bought a record 52k gas-electric hybrids& all-electric cars in March-up from 34k during the same month last year"
"Never see me out cuz I live in my work place gonna make for one awsome summer $$$$$$$"
"I'm not focused. Let me pack"
"i wish someone could just make things better."
"cautiously optimistic about all. I wanted Perry so loved that. Loved the trading urgency w their deep roster. We'll see"
"Happy Mother's Day! Mothers eat free today with purchase! See store for details."
"#CbusMarathonTMT - I finished the Nationwide Insurance Columbus Marathon with 3:47:28 for an overall pace of 8:41 per mile!"
"Road trip to see the Badgers at Illinois! Go Bucky!"
".....I hope that page gets some love!..still rockin it on my ipod."
"have fun!:)"
"What's going on with all this stuff about Rushers not liking 1D hosting the premiere of Big Time Movie???"
"I'm a beetle to these young kids, sometimes _ I be feelin' like a needle to these young kids."
"oh crap it's Monday! Sorry... I blame the president"
"good luck with your knee. hope you can recover quickly."
"Dude where's my car"
"Bahaha. You dork. Actually I'm related to most people on this overly populated island. For all you know we might be related..."
"I want pasta."
"I must admit, my life is better without certain people in it. And it has been swell."
"Thanks for the mention. Stay Connected"
"Tough hearing this morning... can I convince the judge? Send me some of your positive vibes."
"my license still havnt came 😡"
"Bro, you're in the same building as me. Don't make me come beat the shit outcha.."
"It's a great place but working on it is awful. It really tests my skills as a carpenter & taught me that caulk is awesome"
"We think its, talk on the phone while driving."
"Came back home and I had a Kawasaki Z1000 waiting for me as a graduation and getting into a good grad school program present!"
"wishin i was in good ole Indiana for some football this weekend #GOAVON & #GOPLUGS good luck"
"Strange that both #90210 and #GossipGirl both end with the same song."
"[Aladin-alert] System Alert for Tuesday November 22, 2011 System Alert for Tuesday November 22, 2011"
"I'm student of the month :D and I'm getting rewarded for it. Yayyy!"
"JENFEK PLAYING THE MONEY IN ROCK HILL SC APRIL 22nd show starts at 9"
"Drew frey, go back to clinton county"
"Not too much! And how are you?!"
"Day 3 is a full rehearsal!!! Dont forget your shoes :) #HellWeek <3"
"we pray 4 a better day but expects the worst"
"Everyone down with an 8 minute video of pure stupidity?"
"Columbia Heights Educational Campus please spread the word about our Art Competition"
"many thanks!"
"RIP Etta James- One unforgettable voice."
"That would also be bad. I also went on a date to see YOUNG ADULT last year. How that guy and I didn't make it work, I have no idea"
"\"If Morrissey says don't eat meat, then I'll eat meat, because I hate Morrissey.\" - Robert Smith from The Cure"
"I've been hearing about it a lot lately. I'd be one seriously raging bish if I couldn't eat full-on until end of the day. LOL"
"Next time I'm Letting him chase after me."
"I'd down to hang out sometime! I wanna host a little backyard fire in my little corner of the wedge sometime soon."
"my mom mad some qood meatloaf , lol but i aint tell zay ion want her to be mad"
"why do people give shout outs? i dont fully understand twitter"
"It's been about 140 rejections this year, with one fabulous acceptance that I'm sure will lead to more. It takes tenacity."
"Biffle is a company man. Yes man. Sucking kenseths dong tonight. Non racing ass punk."
"Christmas time is here!"
"hi jeremy."
": my point exactly !"
"help ma lord im so scared and im 11 ah"
"haha! Ur a hard worker! Ppl appreciate what u do."
"atmosphere and the history of the cafe as a meeting place, a social kingdom and to think."
"AH Miss you too!"
"Im So Ready To Get These Tattoos In About 3 More Weeks!"
"Just followed you(:"
"I saw a women getting shot by a gun, instead of walkin away, I ran over there, got scared and ran away! I hate my life"
"RT Gov. #Jindal has signed his teacher tenure revamp and his voucher/charter expansion bill into law"
"Two storms holding hands of tenuous mist, rolling across the world together, a mighty duo of sustained thunder & electricity, invincible."
"Best 8 week stretch of sports annually: NFL FA, March Madness, MLB Opening Day, The Masters, NFL Draft, NHL/NBA playoffs."
"The Bayou NEEDS to be on True Blood!"
"happy 420 for my Bottannical Blowers.. Death to you Dirt devils!!"
"Gah, that's a tough blow for the Bulls. Going to have to see how far their depth can get them...bummer for Rose."
"Omer got a big ass slavery scratch on his arm, WTF"
"<~~believes nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending"
"I was about 140 shy of 300 - but it has been at least a year since I've rolled a bowling ball."
"hunter has these guys believing"
"I have no problem giving u what you want. You just gotta be willing to do the same for me. If not, yous get nothing"
"I tell myself every night that I'm gonna go to bed early and end up laying here for two hours on my phone ☺"
"Stain on paper/instead of a poem."
"#DBUalum, did you play a sport while you were a student? Tell us about it!"
"is now featured as \"new & noteworthy\" and \"staff picks\" on the #Itunes store! Let's celebrate with a download!"
"Thank You for voting us Best International Cuisine in 's Best of the Holidays 2011!"
"Its weird sitting in a meeting, watching your useful skills become obsolete."
"Ha, not the case on my KC timeline. Mass self-pity and loathing."
"Question of the day: What's for dinner and what to do tonight????"
"Good morning! It should have been Friday two days ago. Why isn't it Friday yet??"
"Interesting but not new if you've read Marx RT \"We drifted from having a market economy to being a market society.\""
"one day imma make a impact on somebody's life. lmaooo"
"I should be with & right now"
"Thanks so much! How are things going with you? Tell me about the wedding."
"Seeing rows of orange-shirted union members here to support development of the corridor brings back bad memories :("
"That's a good distant run. Keep it up? Running a 1/2 or full soon?"
"no I gonna help my sister"
"somebody's fucking with me, so now I'm just deleting people I know instead of people I don't. That'll show 'em"
"cant believe im stopping in gainsville to get something to eat"
"I AM giving away your $200 GC to at #WarmBellies Twitter party 2night! 7 pm ET Can't wait!"
"immediate block"
"I have Samsung glaxay 1 , I like the customization of android but the fragmentation is concerning"
"Sounds incredible! I am mapping out my Wellness Week shortly, I will have to stop by for one of the specials :)"
"I'm getting into basketball games and the spirit because of my boyfriend lol"
"You said you'd always be there for me! But you're not."
"It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!74"
"When your boys ask you if youve heard \"make it nasty\" when you showed them that song six months ago -_-"
"Feel like MIA should jump on the \"Mercy\" remix"
"Just finished eating a sandwich c:"
"no idea what it's even about or for"
"SAME : happy to find myself in the 19% of non blacks who still follow #TrayvonMartin and care if his killer is prosecuted."
"Yeah, that's a good thing. Haha."
"Nice. Now I'm jonesing for Nothing Left Inside and don't have it at work. Thanks."
"i have to be the most paranoid person ever."
"Thank you you keep reading, I'll keep writing"
"I follow conservatives to see why they think, but you are just rude."
"It's probable for there to be a dance with life, a creative reply to its inbuilt limitations and issues."
"oh hush.(; don't tell me to calm down<3 dm me loser!(;"
"If you don't wear silver and black, you're a dumbie!"
"4 off rebounds for Pierce Hornung in 8 min. 6 total rebounds. Dude is killing #MurrayState on the boards."
"The Florense USA team wishes you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving!!!"
"I hope we are best friends like Jonathan & David ❤"
"TY for following😃🇺🇸"
"from Jim Friauf Shall I follow you here or the OSU you?"
"Interesting. Could be down, let me think about and I'll be in touch!"
"lots of art crushes, good ideas and international art xchanges today at #ispany12 #I<3ny"
"RT : Advice from : Be naive. From : Be childlike. From Steve: Stay foolish. From me: Play more video games."
"Congratulations!! I can't wait to meet the geekiest baby to date !!!"
"Checking in. How goes recovery?"
"Judge sentences Barton Enoch to 18 months in prison for shooting/killing Ben Brubaker."
"I like what George Lucas does. He generates hella bank, but then he builds his own non-Hollywood creative empire."
"“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.” ― Albert Einstein"
"congratulations!! That's sounds great!! I graduated earlier this month and going to school for law enforcement lol."
"YEAH! exactly!! & NO. LOL. they probably recognize you!! don't worry! :)"
"Moves like Jagger (;"
"alright what's up"
"Thanks for the RT, Colleen."
"Ideology, Political Theory and Political Philosophy"
"Whatever happened to originality?"
"yes ill get info from u tomorrow"
"got a great testimony-filled day, a super blessing, and hours and hours of singing hymns with three wonderful singers. today = WIN"
"Look for twitter giveaways later this morning for #TrendShow! Currently learning about a hot new fragrance called #Valentina!"
"Happy Pres. Day! \"My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.\" - Abraham Lincoln"
"shout out to my new follower!!"
"\"At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can.\" - Frida Kahlo"
"While emer. officials say #HeartstrongFire 100% contained, Yuma Co. Sheriff wants to drive around to make sure all areas covered."
"Dont wanna go to school :/ wah"
"Pleased to report: with a lot of water and a pretty horrendous run, I'm good to go!"
"Because they are tasteless."
"that's the plan!"
"follow me plz im too in luv"
"You should register today: 50 bucks off!"
"Cinderella tonight at Opera Colorado!"
"“: Trying to kick this cold's ass with every trick in the book. #hatebeingsick” Let me know if u find something that works."
"JR Smith needs to draw the charge on that play...very poor defensive play."
"I'm going to miss Ari!"
"i seen jersey boys and it was tight, no homo"
"The fUTURE is Second Life! I have just customized my AVATAR. I LOVE flying everywhere. It is a great METAPHOR for College!"
"there you go"
"If at first you don't succeed, you're in great company ~ Elden Peterson"
"Thank You Kelly!"
"Preach. RT : Read at least one newspaper every day"
"k, thanks. I'll keep searching for a strongly opinionated answer to that question"
"Back with a sack of hack magic. New Don'tBeAfraidoftheDark podcast very soon."
"u got punkd too funny bro shit was hilarious"
"Thanks for the retweet!"
"Char-Q gives great advice, we'll whisper it in your ear next show. #don'tdothatdothis"
"These nigga's now aday all talk I ain't buyN it"
"I'm about to give up on Chrome just because the spell check sucks so bad, seriously google? You can do better than this...."
"can the \"feedback tab\" be used for other things, i.e. \"Help\"?"
"Just killed a fly with Rat Girl, sorry. V thought it was a book about Wonder Woman though, so there's that."
"Which is ultimately why they killed tweetdeck, no?"
"Headid to warehouse drive sacto ...t bones b day show ..chernovan is loaded r u"
"That was sick!"
"Thank you!"
"Thanks! I'll definitely take a look for that one."
"Just started watching six feet under. Um, love it."
"I'm looking for someone to interview for one of my sports mgmt grad classes. Interested in what you do. Have a few minutes?"
"The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one."
"Thanks for the follow! Hope you have an excellent weekend!"
"Anyone know or have a voice that sounds anything like Sam Elliot? If so, we would like you to perform on our NEW EP!!!! MESSAGE US!"
"Thanks, that certainly makes sense!"
"Hell yeah nigga, of course. Come fuck wit ya lil bro"
"Some QBs are babied more than others. The elite 5-6 are treated like MJ was in the NBA"
"Happy birthday Becky!"
"I think I might be there"
"awww... :( definitely not as good as rebound ... that can't be outdone lol"
"Alert AFPW today at 1330 EST, government contracts in the works, Air Force! AFPW getting great buzz. This is bigger than I thought DD insane"
"Yeah that's solid McLuhanery right there. That'll last, if only for teaching. Sequel (Premediation) isn't bad either."
"We are doing our next drawing for 2 tickets at 2:00 today on Twitter & Facebook! Like/follow us to win!"
"Im At The Movie Theater And They Posters Up For Titanic, Star Wars, And Beauty and the Beast....What Year Is This???"
"it just started happening a few weeks ago."
"RT : is GIVING away a Porsche? Follow them or for deets! You DON'T have to be local to KY."
"Seahawks kicking off pre-season. Gonna be a long frustrating year!"
"IT LIVES!!! Phone less no more"
"Every girl signature move in a fight is hair pull."
"Why not bring her some fresh food tomorrow morning?"
"juwan howard has checked into the game. im one of 20 fans left in the building with 6 mins left. omg eddy curry gotta go"
"I guess it's the American way haha"
"Really?!? I can get an <brand new Apple product that I won't mention by name> for FREE? Thanks for letting me know, strangers."
"Just wondering...is it bad when u go to Cafe du Monde 2 times in one day?"
"The first person ever! RT Heard another demo last night! I have officially heard 3/5 of the upcoming EP:)"
"Layli Maparyan named new executive director of Wellesley Centers for Women"
"lol what the world? who done that?"
"To make a million, start with $900,000, Morton Shulman A billion here, a billion there, and pretty soon you are talking big money"
"We fight, We yell, We cry, We stop talking, But we still love eachother."
"funny Ann.... even though some of us like craft beer... you can add ciagrs."
"thanks for the RT. How are finals?"
"half-disconnected"
"DVR'ing is a terrible idea I'm 0 for 5 doing it. 0 By the Way. Bryzgalov signed a one-year contract, right?"
"thanks for following our tweets!!"
"Thank you! Here's to courage. :)"
"I didnt get a text... Your gonna have a long day at work"
"Thank You God for waking me up to see another day 🙏"
"Solidarity with"
"Thanks for the follow ! I'd love for you to stop by my house sometime!"
"Water cups or beer in the cups - which do u prefer and why?"
"\": 90 degrees here\"<=well u DEFINITELY aint in Milwaukee!!!"
"carlos just texted me.(:"
"We are accepting submissions in consideration for Issue #4 which will be released the end of November! Submission deadline: Monday 11/21"
"If you could wish for one thing to happen today, what would it be?"
"SharePoint is best used for online collaboration. Can include I'm and LiveMeeting"
"No But I'll be boppin around :-)"
"is a true man!"
"my life is like the ground it could be rough at times then become soft and u never know where u could go"
"Nothing like completing a work out that you did not feel like doing!"
"Dear CBS: Damn you for not doing a 2-hr #personofinterest season finale."
"Coffee’d be grand. Say around 8:30?"
"Missed you on KDUS 1060AM today. You need to fill in for Bob Kemp when he is out."
"where&#39;s that list of names?"
"cool! rules."
"Woke up on sam's couch. Skirt messed up, makeup smeared, and hair a mess lol but I had fun(:"
"I did :) I'm so happy u started using twitter :)"
"at least you listen to good music lol"
"My sister ran the second half marathon in her life today in time 2 h 3 minutes!! That's amazing! Congrats sis!!"
"Did you know that thought the exam was easy and finished in 30 minutes?"
"if i dont get this job im gonna be pissed!"
"Pizza is here!"
"The name \"Triceratops\" will stay even if the species thought to be Triceratops is proven to be a juvenile form."
"RT: What is Green leasing? There is no one uniform green lease"
"Softball weather(: 💙⚾"
"Sounds good."
"Wow! What a duel that would be."
"I really need to work on being someone respectable at conferences, and not the person who starts bagging on religion immediately."
"prob is \"you belong @ your lib\" seems to physical-lib centered. I want to stress online access/ref."
"I can be there in about 10 hours. Can I stay for the rest of your life?"
"Remember AOL Keywords?"
"I didn't start out that way, but it's like potato chips, you can't have just one! :)"
"Details, details....I want details!!!"
"Come on in and we'll get you fitted in something your guests will want to copy..."
"The Cherokee Challenge: Turn an environmental liability into an asset. Apply at www.cherokeechallenge.com. $20k in seed funding per venture"
"Hi Kat. Please follow me so that I can dm you :)"
"I always use Mr/Ms when writing a stranger too. Once a coworker became offended when I used her first name."
"I haven't seen an article about anything specific. I wanted to know where in Gilo and the general circumstances if possible"
"Delena^^^^^^^ I love tvd <3 I've always been a Delena fan yup that's was up ^^^"
"Ha ha ha ha that's when they really pick up!!!"
"Re: cost - providers say \"we need this information\""
"It's amazing that more companies don't embrace the work from home flex schedule model."
"Here my chance to get to follow me! Hola Justin! How are you??"
"Hello sunshine! Look forward to seeing everyone tonight at the TFOS Dinner!"
"It's a beautiful car! My brain says 1958 or so ...."
"yea, its a tumblr thing. Lol"
"Bask in bright thoughts."
"thanks! Bennie creates some pretty amazing pieces."
"I haven't heard a lactation joke that I didn't like."
"Lol lol he just said ok call HER.....LIKE Really....."
"Fabulous kudos to you for organizing an amazing week+ of events! Enjoy the vino : ) Cc"
"We should order some hit wings for the game."
"Don't miss Orchestra 2001's Fun(d)raiser- \"Take Our Musicians Home\"!!! Starting tomorrow 3/19!"
"finally getting around to cutting #soundeffects I recorded in DC last fall..."
"I love #YogaGlo! :)"
"Neybor is about automated real estate marketing. Slideshows, property web site,syndication,stats, agent/owner collaboration, etc."
"are you for real? You actually can sit through that show?"
"lol yea I know. Okay:) I'll text you :D"
"Boarding my flight to #ATX. See you next week, DC."
"Stocking Stuffer Deals: Two for one novelty earbuds, peace signs, skulls, pill capsules, ... new items daily."
"would love to! Send us deets!"
"Prank calling people with Marisol and Alexandra (:"
"I ate breakfast there fri and sat. Yum."
"No thanks to Apple's [CLGeocoder reverse], which is garbage"
"yes we are still doing good and thank you!"
"Best day ever with"
"ita a yout an Australian truck"
"i used to see #leslie every morning on the way to class hanging around Einsteins on the drag. remember ? atx, will miss you. rip"
"\"Come back come back come back to me like you would you would if this was a movie.\""
"sing me a song"
"YOU LOOK WONDERFUL!"
"let's not misrepresent what happened. J wrote an extremely polite post and got clobbered for it in 2 posts by H"
"I love how hype i get when i write a song and I end up really liking it lol :-)"
"hm, that's a tough one, would prolley just run all over the place, maybe a franks and beans stuffing?"
"I found more fascinating than MoMA. The intersection of every-day with the unexpected. Loved the necklace exhibit."
"aw! Luv me some NYE Ice Bar!"
"Life seems so much easier to handle after a few shots."
"Current number of Beatles songs downloaded: 96."
"When it's time to get paid"
"OMG YES <333 Except for my best friend loll."
"That you for the tweet Ryan, we really appreciate it. Hope all is well in San Antonio, I love the riverwalk there!"
"i disliked Kottaras for Lucroy last night. Tough spot for Kottaras against a difficult pitcher,while Lucroy doubled in last Ab"
"Guess what's under my shorts? NOTHING."
"i sent another"
"I really enjoyed hearing speak to the #Fishers #GOP club at #ClaudeandAnnies tonight with"
"They're home with their families now, that's why. :) but I bet when they go on tour in two weeks they'll have more tweets."
"You're welcome. So glad your family is on the road to lifelong health!"
"roses are red. violets are blue. your face is really cute. i love you."
"What?! Sad! Explains why the Tough Cookies aren't so tough tonight! :( RT Stef is now skating RiEttes only"
"Yes, we did. & screw preparedness: this is my kinda fun. \"I feel like you're driving me to a Court Martial; this is crazy!\""
"you were rockin' those braces today moose :P rof :D"
"got it downloaded - I'll check for an update later this morning. Thanks!!"
"My products will be all natural I am using pure shea butter and castile soap with the healing properties of the oils they will be the hit"
"Can any of my librarian friends (who have done user testing) tell me what 5 tasks users come to your site for?"
"If the Yankees are on the WS? You can pretty much bet your last nickel I'll be at every game. As it is I go to about 25"
"If u r Underemployed And Hating Life then we need to talk to change your financial situation with a Home Based Business 1-646-397-9817"
"Get it to Novak!"
"Yo bro I wanna work with you."
"here at practice... in pads...."
"I did! Great review. Glad you liked it"
"#Browns fans, this kid gets it!! You are going 2 b a very popular player here in #Cleveland! #GoBrowns!!"
"at least this one can sing, tho, no?"
"Prepping for on-camera mock audition in class to night at The Sport of Acting."
"I found their source base to be perfidious and fraught with danger."
"Why don't yoga pants come in long?"
"Following tonight's show of Next to Normal with my daily prozac. Good show though. Think I'm in love with John Debkowski."
"Presents in bed, brunch at the zoo and now a nap on the couch while dad does laundry. Happy Mothers Day to my lovely prego wife."
"ultimate tip… content is king!"
"yes! I hope I'm lucky enough to get el bulli tix. When I hear something I'll let you know!"
"\"5 types of innov.: product, process, revenue gen, biz model, industry. Sustainability drives all.\""
"#FlyMeToLondon so I can see and finally go to hogwarts x"
"What a long night with the fish!!!!! Let's go !!!!!"
":heart flutters: :lips smile:"
"#nowplaying Sex and Hollywood- Black Veil Brides!!!!!"
"the next talk will be Dec. 9 - top secret speaker but we'll announce it next week. Watch for news!"
"Thank you for sharing your son w/ #MSU He has become 1of my fave #Spartan kiddos. He's a great person '& athlete. Happy M D!!"
"I guess it probably wouldn't be a good thing for me to get laid at work tho lol"
"oh yeah. Lotsa junk in there."
"and the decision is to IBB CarGo with 1st base open and Tulo out of the game; decisive AB falls to the immortal...Chris Nelson?"
"Oh, the old top pair, she ain't what she used to be."
"No doubt but player development via draft is a major problem for the Indians and has been for years..."
"Did Sessions play ?"
"Haha just got interviewed on FOX news about Peyton. So sad!! He will be so missed!"
"Lunch time special! 50% off hair services w/ me at Tues & Wed from 12-2pm. Call 414.988.4165 to book now! (excludes keratin)"
"Don't see how this solo is related to the blues head he just played (briefly)"
"People watching at"
"If you follow me, i follow you back ♥.♥"
"Im gonna be pissed if I don't get my Nails done Tomorrow"
"Thanks so much! I'll call right after The Pitch... I'm sure Tony would want you to watch! Have a great night!"
"\"Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers.\" T.S. ELIOT"
"Almost everyone's been drugged at some point ..."
"Nice Mark Prior Jersey. How relevant."
"two identical ubuntu VM's running drupal 6.20 - update.php hangs on one, but the other works fine ... *^%%$!!!!"
"It is wise to respect the rights of others & appeal to their intelligence with knowledge & reason!"
"Wish I was in the office for #signingday!!"
"I want to download the newest Nerdist Writer's Panel, but haven't watched Breaking B. season 4 yet. Should that matter at all?"
"Filling out job applications and watching married with children then its fairly legal next"
"getting ready for the trip to Guatemala"
"His darkness drove to deep, still water."
"they focus on how pretty Cloud and (which is creepy weird since they aren't real characters) are or how bad ass they are. Ya"
"Soon as my munchkins go to sleep im making me some breakfast. Eggs,sausage,and toast. Hm. Cant wait."
"Gods time absolutely is the best time"
"Annual neighborhood #YardSale tomorrow! I'm set and ready, Just finished 's book"
"is introducing the panelists from"
"U r seriously the worst cousin in the world"
"just found out about yammer, a social media site for companies. signed up w/ my SI account. are other SI people on it? seems neat."
"okay imma berify i may have a bad eye sight lol ^-^"
"outside the odd future show haha"
"I'd say wonder who would win that battle"
"I'm thinking cheese dip next weekend!?!?"
"): im so sad you gotten sent home and my nephew is mad! but you had fun thats all that matters"
"hey doll follow back"
"Don't forget Johnson County as well. The JCHS Golden Eagles knocked off East Ridge to claim the 15th Region Boys Title."
"Thanks!!!! I was feeling springy today.. even though it's a bit more like summer out there!"
"Anecdotes don't make good stories."
"omg won't u get sick of it the second time in a row"
"Had a good day chillin wit my niggas."
"aw okaay so it still don't work at all?"
"Lmfao! Good luck with the stuff with you know who."
"just got home..."
"BRB SHOWER :P"
"#VolcanoGirl For those dealing with #Carmageddon Volcano Girl is here to save you. But it will cost $5,000 per person. New rates."
"thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your good news"
"lets tour!"
"Lunch date tomorrow. Don't know what to wear!!!"
"Between the moon colony and the open marriage, it's pretty obvious that Newt is a Robert Heinlein fanboy. I bet his PC is named Mycroft."
"Thanks! You're pretty awesome yourself! :o)"
"Determined at our public svcs lunch: Denmark is the Ohio of Europe."
"Derek Jeter hit to 3,000+ in dramatic fashion. Fans will want something bigger or better at the ASG. Let the Captain sit."
"Good idea! “: Someone needs to make #downtown #Tucson #parking #app...show what's open...compare costs...guide me to it w/ GPS.”"
"Byrd is toast. Don't think it says anything about the Ellsbury injury, just adds another mediocre player to the roster."
"BEST GIRLFRIEND EVER! #CINCODEMAYO Gear!"
"please do! Can't wait!"
"After Flood:Remove dry wall up to and 2 feet above flood levels on walls and remove all insulation which came in contact with flood waters."
"Perfect laugh to start the morning! Thanks!"
"i dont know if it is or not."
"Fear or faith - which will be our master? T Hanks"
"Who is Biff and how did he fall"
"whats your next song going to be about??? :)"
"I Got The Same 40...From Last Year...That Big Bitch...#GetOffYoungin!"
"never go to loud & clear !"
"He sounds just like mine. LOL \": Not sure about yours but mines lazy as a pet coon I dust him once a week!\""
"Sarcasm ? RT : I can't TWEAK for shit “: I really can't picture Marilyn tweaking though 😒”"
"If you have felt or heard the booms today/tonight, let us know here...use the #bamabooms hashtag to help streamline things..."
"morning sunshine"
"Yes - what is your phone no.?"
"Music is like magic there’s a certain feeling you get when you're real And you spit and people are feeling your shit. - Eminem"
"A total stranger praised my pursuit of music and the arts and wished me well in all I do. I love little positive things like that."
"outcry against Riley was mostly abt legitimizing ignorant/racist position...not how it's being taken up. ?"
"Genesect? They gave him out at events, right?"
"He's a patent examiner."
"Wat a happy feet 2???? Im down to go see that november 13 who else is down??lol"
"my bday present to you"
"My Kids will have the greatest childhood ❤❤❤"
"good luck :D"
"marry me"
"- Great show!"
"thank you. At the very end now, trying to dig deep and get it done. So appreciate the expression of confidence!"
"TJ Maxx now open in Eastlake! Retweet before Sun 8/14 & enter to win $50 gift card from South Bay Expressway"
"Hope the honey badger shows out tonight... God my hatred for alabama is beautiful"
"Educators, using YouTube in evaluating student performances? We're working on a tool to facilitate this and need your input."
"Annual Conference Offering--Brazil:$100,000 teacher materials for Shade & Fresh Water & other children’s centers of Brazil Methodist Church"
"Are you shopping @ #Paradise Valley Mall today?"
"you're already a math genius in disguise lol haha your welcome (: <3"
"You're right. My bad. We are friends. Thank you so much for dinner. Was so nice to see you! Until next year or sooner..."
"It's annoying when shows are promoted before my DVR knows they're coming. How exactly would you like me to set a recording?"
"and here I thought it was 42."
"Larry Merchant v. Money Mayweather scheduled and cancelled because Mayweather did not accept Larry Merchants steroid test."
"Watch me work!"
"Please welcome BIBLE_Psalms to the Max life"
"Don't u just love this TZ fake stuff! Masterfully done n b/w! Timeless. @"
"we have some covers but we arent allowed to post themsince we do not own the copyright to them but if you wanna hear them then check us..."
"Open house today, from 1-4PM, 1101 N. Lowell St., Santa Ana, CA 92703"
"Mkayyy. Weirdest conversation ever!"
"Note to the #GOP: Corporations are NOT people and people can NOT be run like corporations!"
"it was so much fun! We posted the video."
"“: And JaVale McGee just earned himself a long-term contract with the Denver Nuggets. Welcome to the club, kid.”"
"Its always Sunny in Philadelphia..."
"#Lorton Furnace Rd has a crash closing the roadway at Landfill Dr."
"KBOO is airing this meet and greet live!"
"didn't realize you were on twitter. looking forward to chatting again soon. got a fun earthquake story for ya"
"it's what I do!"
"sorry i didnt get it to you sooner :("
"did you know Pullen Park won the Community Enhancement Award from TCREW? Woot!"
"O Juicy J"
"and I have to hand in 2 assessments aswell!!"
"I refuse to believe Orlando is considered a \"small market\". I remember when Orlando was considered the \"new Hollywood\". Let's bring it back!"
"#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe : When Im Cleaning & someone says \" You Missed A spot\" okay zaam."
"Happy New Year to one and all"
"Aye Brah Im Still Pushin The Slap"
"Can you hear your phone ring above all the voices in your house?"
"You focused, sir?"
"Trying this on for 2011: searching is for losers - finding is for winners. Too harsh?"
"There's the Katie we all know and love :)"
"Pretty damn good -- what you up to this morning?"
"Seems like Cash Money Records recruiting all the veterans....."
"IM GONNA LIVE MY LIFE! I LOVE THIS SONG"
"\"I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.\""
"Richardson/Weeden/Randle isn't a bad trio for the Browns I guess."
"I love to write, because I love to live."
"I think working as a SM manager requires finesse and a love for short copy and conversations. It can get exhausting"
"Is what your doing now exactly what you want to be doing? If not, what are you doing to change it?"
"Liquidated the sympathy card company. Glad the whole sorry business is over to be honest."
"Thanks, Ben!"
"RT : “: The man who wins, is the man who thinks he can. -Vince Lombardi”"
"I just wanna say happy mothers day to all the mothers. And kids you all do somethin special for them."
"I didn't know that superstars sit out at the end of games... Blake Griffin is a scrub. All he can do is dunk (and flop)."
"R∈TW∈∈T★ If you have Less then 5,000 Followers ( FOLLOW my homie ) Get a SHOUTOUT to 10k+ ( Mention When Done)"
"I sure did, I don't know what else to do on here...."
"Search KARISSA LYNN on Youtube to see my cover of Closer by Kings of Leon!!!"
"#quote It is impossible to imagine Goethe or Beethoven being good at billiards or golf.H.L. Mencken"
"Did like all the #colts starting line run a massive train on Mrs. Irsay or something? WTF"
"Happy BornDay To Me One Time ACCEPTING ALL GIFTS..MONEY..LAPTOPS..CDS..DVDS..KEYS..Matter Fact I NEED ERRYTHANG"
"Untitled Film Still #13 is hands down my favorite Sherman piece. Doesn't get much better than that for me."
"So proud of lawson man..since he was pup"
"Nothing to lose. Yeah I saw them on the nightmare after Christmas tour. I respect your views but your wrong sir."
"What does everyone have the most problems with when it comes to security systems?"
"Commission will make preliminary recommendations to Governor by Dec. 2012. Randi weingarten also on commission"
"Ladies a dude that stops playing call of duty to txt u bak or call u. oh yeah he loves u"
"hahahaha you're so hard on yourself, idk I thought you two were like the most amazing thing ever at camp, haha."
"Leslie Smith says to come down to the square on a vibrant day and see how great it is. That's our true potential"
"Thanks for the follow - love your twitter handle :-)"
"I have negative room to talk."
"Margarita's?"
"Ppt karaoke is hilarious"
"The National Day of Prayer #ndop one of our nation's great spiritual traditions-take time today to pray for a new awakening in the USA."
"Who are you sending your love to today?"
"My love! I've been thinking about you, girl!"
"me to talk"
"Mass Effect's ending was a lot like LOST's - a Matthew Fox looking guy named Shepherd stumbling wounded to his god-appointed destiny"
"No tv, no Internet, and no books left in the apt. Waukesha, you're even more boring than before and I didn't think that was possible."
"Stewart's hard-hit balls are finally starting to miss the fielders."
"Black Friday shopping that matters! Black friday only Get 15% off your order when you use the code given at midnight! Help those in need!"
"go get down with your inner African queen!"
"On the plane to Berlin via Iceland."
"#kilmertorluemkewedding weekend has begun!!!"
"hey i just need 20 more to make 300 help me please love ya thanks"
"i haven't tweeted in a while. "
"#NSD is trending number one. in 5 minutes. no big deal though."
"GOOD AFTERNOON!"
"\"Look high and fall low.\""
"Watching Bizarre Foods and they are frying taurantulas...yuck!!!"
"Glad someone got it :)"
"Jazz Friday is tonight at BAM! Stop on in and see David Wills preform!"
"We can't follow anyone else 😓 I guess we have a limit???"
"Emerald Eyes almost finished. Hopefully, in time for Christmas for ereaders. Little later for paperbacks."
"Marquette looks nervous.... Come on boys!"
"#imisswhen Summer was hot and Winter was cold, Spring was rainy and Fall was perfect"
"Y'all dreaming and got the nerve to call it ambition.."
"Here come the Brittany Griner dunk tweets"
"replying! beep beep :D"
"what I really want Is a 135mm. IT'S EXPENSIVE. YET SO BEAUTIFUL."
"Welcome to the Cowboys Family. Go get set the NFL on FIRE!!!!"
"The only endorsement with less enthusiasm than Santorum's via email would have been a note tied to a brick through Romney's window."
"the economy of 'carcass balancing' meets/meats the agentive visceral object - Roe"
"IM REALLY GONNA MISS EVERYONE AT SMMCS , I LOVE YOU ALL , IMMA SEE SOME OF YOU NEXT YEAR BUT FOR THOSE WHO IM NOT , GOODBYE :(((("
"call me when u go to joes me n erin will be in lv ya dig"
"BL Margs I assume? RT : I will be buying lemons, limes and oranges tonight. Tomorrow is 5 de May. Margaritas shall be had."
"Thank you for the RT JC. Blessings..."
"I'll give you a foot massage"
"Talk w/ SOC who studied in Australia prompted desire to have a larger community conversation about race & ethnicity in study abroad programs"
"At a biz conference so #FF short this week..."
"Go for me!"
"#Boston PD is the 4th most trending!!! The world will see it all!"
"Bad design is the #1 way to age your exhibit. Technology ages, good design doesn't"
"655 followers...that's cool being I've done nothing to really to encourage it. But it would be even more fun to have 1,000! Tell ur friends!"
"thinks he's a made guy now!!"
"remember the one nigga escape from jail, everybody thought he was long gone...3weeks later they caught him in the basement"
"What a tool. RT : The spurs are kinda boring to watch. They need armbands and tattoos an shit"
"Captivating speech by president Lets see if it is more than words by the end of the year..."
"i think you'll enjoy it :) me and johnathan are also releasing an ep for a totally new project! should be out by fall :)"
"Last chorus concert ever"
"#Goodnight. #God bless each and every one of you with the conviction to share the #gospel with every nation. Put the #word into action!"
"Happy #MothersDay to all Moms and stepmoms out there."
"I am not a student anymore ... I finished my masters degree two years ago and have been looking for a job since Jan. 2010"
"did u get it? I sent it marcovitz"
"All my followers plz follow she is my cuz, she is lucky bc I'm famous, keep up the followers and I will keep followin bak!!!"
"The Clippers are getting cheated in their own building. Damn shame"
"They still dodnt start my hair yet"
"Alright! Text me tomorrow! & if he doesn't work, we'll go! :))"
"Thanks for coming out to College Night everyone! We will have Family Night tomorrow starting @ 5pm. Free 4pc nuggets for your Lil' One..."
"..250 units, residential & commercial .. 4 stories w/ parking deck. Will have to exit the hood via Old Concord"
"back to the hospital. I am trying to do to much and trying to impress to many professors. I need to just take a break."
"All violence consists in some people forcing others, under threat of suffering or death, to do what they do not want to do."
"Hope no1 blinked during that match GIVE THE DIVAS A CHANCE"
"Atta boy Nunez. Atta boy Stewart. Yankees lead 4-2...<<Glad to see some nice comments towards NOONIE...!"
"BIG news tomorrow morning!!! STAY TUNED!! xx :-)"
"Armageddon is on FX rt now. I find it hilarious that everyone drinks from #NASA meatball mugs. Not sure I've seen one ever."
"Hello birthday girl! Now that you're 14 U can get high heel boots! Having a beautiful wkend! Tell your Mom hi!"
"Money saving print tip: Order bulk, screen printing offers bulk discounts. Think you'll reorder soon? Just add extras to your first order."
"Which panel are you attending?"
"living & loving my life, my biggest worry today was trying to decide which color nail polish to wear, pretty awesome! #Serenity&Gratitude"
"hey Kyle! It's Ross from VIDA! Hope to see you, again, soon!"
"Baby, next time you're gonna try and make me jealous, pick a girl who doesn't look like she's been hit by a car. -Ex Girlfriend"
"Every WEDNESDAY at 8PM #FUCKYOURFEELINGS on w/ and Big Zu!!"
"Just had a dream I was at the Tech Oscars and Kelsy Grammar chipped my tooth playing a pre-game of dodgeball."
"You have become master of yourself and master of your likes and dislikes by surrendering to your purpose in life. – Albert Gray"
"Successful shopping"
"A jug fills drop by drop. - Buddha"
"hi Livy can we get copy made for the studio and we will frame it..I am so please you were so inspired by the song...means a lot!"
"Nothing beats inside the actors studio! Alec Baldwin is great!"
"Most fall classes r now full get on the waiting list today....www.yatkids.org"
"I'm sorry to hear that Tom. Yes, hang in there you guys. I've had some medical issues myself but doing better. :)"
"Knee deep! RT: We know it's raining in San Diego... but we're still gonna play. Bring your slickers.”"
"Guise please watch this, tell me what you think, and tweet the link to anyone famous!"
"Actions Speak Louder Than Words !"
"just sad"
"thank you for an amazing afternoon!"
"“ Next relationship, I hope is my last”"
"IS FUCKING GORGEOUS AND HAS A SUPER SEXY BODY!!!"
"Find out what C.J. has to say about the Kardashian-Humphries divorce tonight on FOX 9 @ 9:30PM"
"HEEY that's fine by me, when ?"
"ITS GAMEDAY!!! takes on FGCU at 1230pm in ASun Tourney!! #fearthefin Let's Get It Ladies!! GO FINS!!!"
"Would u consider releasing ur Twitter handle? We are part of a small startup called \"Trovu\". We'd REALLY like to use . Thx!"
"Now you're reminding me that I need another excuse to go to and get some brisket. My hunt for ribs continues."
"Good morning beautiful faces"
"New episode of eastbound and down"
"And we pretty much amazing! “: Chiddy Bang!!!”"
"DOES THIS MEAN WE CANT HANGOUT THERE?"
"well. tonight i guess i'll be missing american idol due to my mother. someone will have to fill me in later. -.-"
"were your Uncle Conrad and Aunt Ginny millionaires?"
"There's a lot of shit going on and now I'm getting the blame for someone who is hacking me and stalking me all over the place :("
"huge sigh of relief. today's a good to be grateful..."
"HOT LUNCH DATE ✌"
"Wow.. shitty night's sleep, then woke up to pain in my ribs, numbness in my arm, and no cuddle buddy #meh /:"
"So, what's a Blue Blazer have in it? (Besides small batch Maker's Mark?)"
"11408inc Vs. Common. I expect higher-oder thinking from him; to reassemble colloquial derogatory lingo into positive affirmations."
"Got that jop opportunity though"
"i like how deep is your love. i thought it was going to be a beegees sample when i saw the name"
"The best feeling in the world is knowing that you actually mean something to someone."
"beverage of choice?"
"is lovin' this weather!!!"
"Hey . Can store 1710 get a shout out for winning the North division and 2nd in the company in the race for the cup!"
"Those dropping due to, not the price increase, but the starz deal falling through: the quality was awful; full screen/no HD. awful."
"Constantly lying to get your way"
"\"This earth is a vast harmonic wave system that is built and sustained by unheard music.” Corinne Heline (1882-1975)"
"Had such an amazin day today"
"lol ok n im finna find u"
"Class all day, library all night."
"My Black Ops Is So Slow Now :("
"YAY! I'll see you there. And hopefully we'll be screening #FeastoftheFoolish at as well!"
"M Spicy Lavender Chai for a chilly Seattle morning"
"Great quarterly meeting w/ #artservicesguild members last night @ Mandrake. Cool place to meet if u like art & r in Los Angeles"
"working on the next edition of Dungeons + Dreamers (finally, again...): what are the best computer game/culture blogs + writers out there?"
"\"Can you play Paris??\""
"the period \"when you both like eachother but noone says it aloud but you 2 both know\" is the cutest"
"You have got to be shitting me."
"Enjoy your Saturday to the fullest!"
"11:11;D i wish you would come to chicago!"
"ick ick ick I've heard people talk about that movie and the scenes there-in"
"Watching #duckdynasty makes laugh like a little girl."
"Trying to find out if I can still participate in #THATCampSE? I just arrived in Atlanta, work in DH"
"#cil2010 iso 11620 is an iso standard for performance indicators for libraries-how did I never know this?"
"That's deep bro"
"no its nigga we need to buy some hoes RT Five words every guy says: We should buy a bar."
"I can't tell if this person with extraordinarily large eyeballs and a swirled face uses hoards of drugs or just has a MacBook and an ego."
"Makin a happy hour run at sonics....out of the \"kindness\" of my heart"
"That song from the new microsoft commercial>>>>>>"
"Sounds like a solid idea!"
"you wanna switch? I have a blackberry. '_' haha ! :-p how about the iPhone5? :D"
"Ergonomic pillows are highly recommended by doctors to avoid neck pain and discomfort. :-)"
"Your welcome! Let us know if you need anything! Welcome to the H&H family!"
"lol I want a mash up of Jimmy & ... To call my own ha"
"WEDNESDAY night at Whiskey Chicks and that means our HOMAGROWN Showcase. Tonight is songwriter night 8-11. Come join us!"
"I wish 11:11 that all your dreams come true in Miami! <33"
"ik and he doesnt even check it!"
"Starlin drilled with a fastball in the left hand."
"if you love locally owned and lovingly made soap, give a follow!"
"my official letter was just sent to !! Looking forward to hearing back! Thanks so much!"
"Who is ready for a customer appreciation party? Come see us this Friday from 5-7. Lots of fun, specials, freebies."
"SHARK WEEK WOOT! Yo , where you at?! I'm skyping with Rynster and her mom while we watch!"
"ha-ha, no problem at all... I lol'd."
"I think Oregon football players want to match their dance team's midriff tops..."
"Proscape2 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!"
"I understand fully. My oldest dog Meg is a fearful dog that many misunderstand. But, we still lover her to death!"
"kfoldvik: hope you enjoyed ur first #sla2010 and hope you can join us in Philly for"
"if I am doin that well by the time I'm an old man, I'll take it!"
"Please... Don't take pictures with your tongue out if you just drank a soda. It looks like you ate shit."
"Awesome! We would need details regarding permits and applications. We are very interested!"
"Lol - you just sleep afterwards. Simple. Problem solved. :)"
"I'll entertain such enthusiasm tonight. I was fond of Messier."
"Man I wanna go to #PassionandPoetry !"
"Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)2"
"About to kick butt"
"So I made it out of #Ikea alive! It was crazy! Now time to have some furniture. :)"
"Dunno how you miss that kick. But what a game..."
"YOU'RE FOLLOWING AUSTIN MAHONE?! I've met him you know"
"Okay Was Up"
"Gonna be knocked out when i get home lbvs"
"I don't know how you deal with your boyfriend. #Sherman #Jesus !"
"Teague's dunk at 6:03 was the only points for either team since 8:44. Ugly, ugly game..."
"I would give her the world if she asked for it."
"Check it! We have all Menswear and Dresses 25% off until May 12th! Our inventory is constantly changing so come check us out!"
"I'm back~ I ate a nutrigrain bar, lol."
"lol seriously :o"
"but i love you more :P"
"You go girl!"
"follow me"
"RT Middle age radio hosts trying to explain the slang \"fail\""
"facebook is down :\ im PISSED"
"The scar on my face is from a bicycle accident, but I've made it a more nefarious story to my dates."
"u sent me 1!!"
"Client: \"yes, but I don't scroll on websites\". Hmm, and how's that working for you?"
"To tell if a egg is fully cooked or raw, just spin it. If the egg wobbles then it is still raw, and if it easily spins it is fully cooked."
"Off to Silicon Valley this afternoon. Bring on the sunshine and innovation!"
"RT I saw Tony Kaye's new movie #Detachment last night. It's way dark mate."
"Haha it wasn't! RT : I hope it isn't a desert mirage!"
"I'm really glad I didn't impulse-buy GameCenter tonight to watch"
"#YouKnowItsARecession when your at the gas station making life decisions"
"he couldn't put the same numbers because of Wade"
"What symbols would be useful for organizing a Participatory Budget Meeting?"
"Ill just text you :)"
"the thursday, friday, and saturday before Easter"
"steve francis is definitely use to the \"finer things\""
"Great work with Magic Bullet Arsenal. Looks like a solid investment."
"Aoki was back @ surrender last night he was awesome.. Come check out surrender tonight only"
"you can be both"
"#Stocks finish lower on disappointing March jobs report. #Dow drops 124 points. #Nasdaq and S&P both lose more than 1%."
"Yes, this really stinks!"
"FINALLY tried the Barrie burger & it was delicious!"
"Haha guess who?(;"
"If you love someone put their name in a circle, not a heart, because hearts can be broken but circles go on forever!"
"B4 anybody else talk to me I need to know who their squad is."
"Is this thing on?"
"In #33hours .... Bieber Fever Will Strike iTunes And The World Will Go Bonkers !"
"Live show in Best Buy by Sawgrass about to happen right now! Come on down and get 10% off music accessories!"
"Let's Go Pacers!"
"I think that means you're officially a southerner now!"
"Wahooo! Go, Martha, go!"
"new background <3"
"We are running regularly until Dec 17th but will not officially close for the season-- get a group together for a winter ride!"
"#nationscapitol. and don't be wearing cologne anyway."
"--two words: Game Day."
"We are at rices market today in new hope spot 214! Come out and say hi!"
"2 cars crashed into each other in mexico 37 people were killed."
"As 1891 comes to a close, I cannot help but think back on the momentous events of the past year..."
"I miss #beingerica when is it going to be shone in the #USA, #Canada ?"
"I also want to thank everyone from WT that sent me texts, tweets, emails and phone calls today. I'm very excited for this new opportunity."
"RT : Don't forget to hug your dog today! -enough said."
"But I'm not a rapper"
"Going to be a great week coming up!!! My cousins are back in town, Q&A on Tues night + I get to hear from some churches!"
"I agree w/ char. I get the minimalist concept - at first, thought it was a mobi redirect. Seems we're going back in \"web time\"."
"FOLLOW and"
"yeah. Pretty chill weekend overall planned. Brunch on Sunday if ya want to join or coffee mon-wed."
"eye am the great"
"hey I heard you was a wild one"
"Nightline is starting on a sad note."
"i called you for the homeworkk !"
"So there is 3d and real 3d. Ah. Who gives a shit."
"#WhatILove some good music i can relate to,to get through the days' obstacles."
"I'm sorry y'all, listening to the mainstream got me thinking Obama is responsible for every misstep in the economy over the last decade"
"Just impressed myself today, 3 miles!! Wooohooo"
"Congratulations to Anthony & Mia on getting married! Thanks for letting us be part of your Big Day!"
"Holy moses. He has a flute player in his band. Didn't see that coming."
"Today's lunch special: costa rican stew...Yum!"
"thanks for letting us visit your hometown and for having such a kick ass show!!! I'm looking forward to next time!"
"Good day Zayn. Hope you're getting on well and that your mates are doing well. My daughter and I love your music Best wishes."
"m legs not so much but arms and face, he was cute."
"seems I haven't really tweet'd in ages. gonna have to relearn this."
"the interview requests must be pouring in already"
"yeah? That's awesome to know"
"Their weekends will become disappointing once they step on campus..."
"When video is open: click on Zoom-n-Pan>right click on the vid above it>click on Snap to video edges. Does this help?"
"New commission program. Yes please!"
"the tongues out and everything... 😜😝"
"Sean and I would have the most beautiful children!"
"last night was awesome! Thanks for having us! Let's do it again soon! : )"
"i got 99 problems but a bitch aint one"
"where u from?"
"thanks for following ! Yes, #education is a priority."
"hahah RT : \"Yes, I'm so glad Facebook bought Instagram!\" - No one."
"I'm ready to go home"
"matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 19"
"stop by The Bar! Happy hour from 4-6 EVERYDAY! Located off of St Rose & Bermuda"
"it hurts... right in the heart"
"That option is really only open to rich hot lesbian couples."
"Shout out to my girl she is a MUST"
"not much here either same old same old."
"I serve a God who is greater than this world. Praying for my city today."
"Today in 1812, no war happenings occurred. Check back in tomorrow for historical events!"
"If the GodDa*&ed I-Tablet can get me a Permanent Frakken job, that would be flippin awesome, otherwise: Jobs, Steven; suck-it!"
"I have to read over 300 pages by tomorrow. I was supposed to read in the summer but never did. Oh well"
"are you gonna Skype tonight?(:"
"The fiction novelist in me empathizes with that statement. Cheers."
"I am starting to feel as if Notre Dame might not cover. Additionally, I think they might be the worst team ever with 20 wins."
"“: but yo is banned from contacting me indefinitely. That text was outta line. Lol” LMAO!!!"
"no freaking way. that's AWESOME!!!"
"You'll see me rockin' these all summer RT : Ginuwine, our glass pony is loving the new Pabst Blue Ribbon x Pro-keds Collab Shoe"
"thanks, Gwen! Wishing you a beautiful day."
"For real! Tami, Evelyn and Suzi would have been dealt with!"
"yes mayb tomorrow :)"
"hi dave omfg"
"That's how she feel."
"Will you be at Expo? Call 972-905-4447 to schedule a meeting in #LasVegas with and"
"p.s. love you too"
"Nothing like my fav Neil Diamond singing \"America\" in the Macy's day parade...it's almost as good as my karaoke version!"
"Shit's so hot right now! hahaha"
"9 am SESSION: \"Creating Realistic Gradients, Blends & Meshes in Illustrator\" (cre8) presented by Greg Heald in Rm B118"
"I thought the match of a life time was VS the English language"
"I ain't got a man but Im not alone im Miss independent yup I got My own :)"
"YOU'RE awesome!!! <3"
"Marcuscamby23 Happy Birthday tall guy!"
"What else is new. “: If it weren't for , Twitter would fucking suck right now.”"
"“: I'm a pretty trusting person, but I'm very suspicious of grown-ass men drinking large frappuccinos.” Word."
"let's porty."
"Woot! Finished a chapter in the WIP."
"DUDE!!! I commented and said DAYUM, it looked delish! Ha haa! I mentioned your name the other day to Gustavo from Telemundo."
"hoping that a door knob was a single trip.."
"Thanks! I know I should, Twitter is just so confusing!"
"Wow hyun! That's going to be amazing."
"Happy St. Patrick's Day!"
"PS -- it's HOT down here. Wear linen and cotton. Be casually chic."
"thanks Mike!"
"Everyday I get better and better."
"What constitutional amendment did the Volstead Act seek to enforce?"
"Could you go ahead and schedule a meeting or something? No wait, it's time to go home!"
"#Thebestfeelingintheworld feeling like everyone accepts you for you."
"Mother Teresa - I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love."
"music & typing this paper"
"Joined the challenge Earth Day: Space Data for the Planet. #spaceapps_mia,"
"want some tips on how to give award winning performances? what do YOU want to know most about acting? post your questions here:"
"You become what you resist. Whatever you resists persists in life and uses up your energy in struggle."
"Reducing bills is always good, we are following!"
"I'm lazy !"
"Follow me then send a PM with your email and I'll send Google+ invites"
"I definitely shouldn't be awake right now"
"anyone sitting section 4 in chicago????"
"RT : Someone needs you to lift them up this day. Go find them."
"it means you have no 3G service at the time making YouTube twitter pandora and all other great things impossible!"
"Hockey, for when you want to see white people good at sports"
"...did my mom really just say puff puff pass?"
"Wait my mom left for jazz fest...."
"very good and you? :)"
"Great message today!"
"that's rude"
"cant wait for brand new MEST to come out... Been a while!!!"
"has some advice for America's #unemployed: there's always work available 4 moving statues!"
"dammit. Still that doesn't quite have the feature set I was thinking about."
"I WisH soulja A Follow Me Back"
"So close yet so far away."
"many many thanks for last night! Crowd fine ;) much fun had. Meeting up would be ace. Wanna join ? x cc"
"Don't let me catch you slipping boi."
"u r about to experience the most exciting fun night of ur life! :D"
"Just lean over and start singing Madonna songs and it'll be like you're right here with the rest of us."
"Rest in Peace, I know you're still stirring up trouble somewhere. ;)"
"\"The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge..."
"ah shoot! man, they sure got that one in under the radar."
"I'm only on the third episode of 'Weeds' and it's SO EFFING GOOD! AH. I hate, but at the same time love getting hooked on shows. :l"
"um hello gorgeous default...wowza makes me look like chopped liver! God I love you :) haha"
"Trying to resolve an issue whereby a company overloaded my followcapacities. don't know 90% of the people on the list they made."
"My feet are getting a little Big no!!!!"
"Dainese Dyno Pro Shoes Review at RevZillacom - rain gear boots"
"He lives!!! #Jesus Happy Easter to all,"
"congrats to the Michael G Santos Foundation"
"for paying 80$, the yearbook isn't that great to me.. but oh well."
"Two and a half more inches of rain in two hours. Wow."
"yea he does, n his instrumentals are dope"
"The Sandwich Rule: If they weren't born by the time you were old enough to make yourself a sandwich, they're too young for you! --"
"Which place?"
"I'll put it again in reply to yours :)"
"oh, I love that. I've got a bottle infuriated fridge. It might be next or Blanche de Chambly"
"You may as well be the Sport Section of the paper. All you have today is about sports. Gotta have other topics to talk about."
"Aww! LOL. Just last night I was asking my dog \"Why you being so dramatic?\" I feel for you."
"tori and i have skyping for an hour now :) -kenzie"
"dude i am way to tired dont evn listen to me"
"So exciting to see activity on Freret!"
"I am not good at being patient and I can sometimes be very persistent."
"Today: Relationship Between Blink Pattern and Level of Ocular Surface Exposure in Dry Eye (D978) from 3:45-5:30PM."
"Bored....im so BORED!"
"Thanks for the mention, Beverly!"
"learning can take a lifetime but so true!"
"Draft, FA completion, fantasy draft, fantasy championship, #dabears super bowl win. Yeah its gonna be a great season!!!!!"
"In for the night! I'm already having fun watchin' Braxton Family Values! Love it!"
"What did you get for a tooth under your pillow? I got a nickle, but on this, Tooth Fairy Day, I hear kids now get between $1- $5. Inflation?"
"well considering my age, im short lol"
"whats it about? and yeah know it:)"
"join my Mobster 2 on Facebook:"
"LAX is crazy right now. Lots of grown-ass adults cutting in-line and swearing. Happy Holidays!"
"you mean the world to me, even though were not dating!"
"catch anything? lol"
"Sleep now, drinks later."
"Same here! i'm lookin at the clock like just 90 min left, just 88 mins left.."
"With more catches than Jerry Rice: Happy National Condom Day"
"got me doughnuts and chocolate milk for my birthday breakfast. It's gonna be a good day."
"Giveaways galore today including w/ tixs plus brand new music coming up from &"
"whats the move son?"
"hm so it appears my box of Raisin Bran Crunch has NO RAISINS!? this really agitates me"
"#kids Afterschool Special at Heard Natural Science Museum & Wildlife Sanctuary, Fri, May 11 2:30p: A great way to end your child’s day!..."
"AWWW :) she's so pretty! :D"
"Thank you! That's wonderful. Would love to hear your secrets."
"Thanks for the Tweet Sue! Hope that you enjoy."
"Shoot I can keep up with anything or anybody SMH RT : I can keep up can you keep up with how I do"
"I can't get enough of #rhoa. Someone get her own show"
"May the 4th be with you. 😏"
"I think is creeping"
"Ha, well it's no Nokia flip but it's nice. No real reason to spend extra $ on iPhone."
"I hope you're looking for yourself on that list...if so, congrats and I hate you, I'm jealous..just kidding CHEERS!"
"Don't forget to include your definition of success and how you will measure it in your tool kit."
"Today's thought: \"Well done is better than well said.\" — Benjamin Franklin via &"
"Love the drinking game is always fun 🍸"
"So glad I was able to participate through most of #TNI today. Love meeting fellow travelers. Happy holidays all!"
"Research says fertilizers help to produce superior plant growth, improve its health & vigor & increase buds, blooms & plant yield"
"super jealous ... NYC is wet & cold :("
"i bought ben and jerry's today... it reminded me that I owe you a belt and some ben and jerry's."
"\"Do or do not, there is no try\" -Yoda"
"I was just thinking earlier \"it's been a long time since I did a live hit at #Grady\" - well guess where I am tonite?"
"Looking for some good chickpea recipes... Any suggestions beyond hummus?"
"Follow Me Tuu Gain!!"
"ye. That kids gone. Haha so u gon be at schaumburg next year"
"haha that's sick! I think the suns training camp is actually here in sd."
"My head is PUMPED"
"oh I assumed we have a standing invite to all class & events. Forever. Right?"
"I'm sure we will (once she is over the scary wolves part). BTW, I was kidding you didn't spoil it."
"#WW Wedding Wednesdays!"
"Oh, you got me. I'm totally wrong, you're totally right. You've changed my mind. I have no interest in debating you. Ever."
"I am going to see you guys!"
"Want to be able to do something at wp-admin/media.php?action=something&attachment_id=# instead of upload.php?page=something"
"Hey everybody! My hair looks like a shampoo commercial today!"
"my instapaper account has become a giant closet, packed full and about to burst at the hinges. I am afraid to open it."
"Forgot how absurd the #Maury show is."
"Y'all shudd tweet me(:"
"i do to ugh"
"My essay talks about the obstacles to motherhood Madonna & I faced. Discusses how IVF made me question wanting children."
"Very upset about this. Don't know what I'll do without Ruben Toro on Sat. nights."
"I play better golf than picking holders!"
"tell me more!"
"FLAWLESS QUEEN OF POP XFACTOR JUDGE IS FLAWLESS QUEEN OF POP <3"
"Seriously? That would be great! Can I crash at your place too?"
"Forecast for This Afternoon: Mostly sunny. Highs around 80. Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph."
"I think it's partly related to birth weight and prematurity, but also twins sometimes latch on to their own worlds."
"Awesome accountability call with yesterday, he's got some amazing things happening."
"haysoos christa does he sound horrible"
"I want someone that will come to my rescue when I'm in danger"
"ooh, no I missed that!!! Will check it out! :)"
"She is one in a million girls..."
"SO FUCKING OVER the people in this house. I CANNOT fucking take it."
"Me too, I tweeted Mama Bird highschool pic she was FYE lol RT : #Random My mom is a hot mom....I intend to be a hot mom as well."
"He said grand"
"I wanna motorboat with LBT"
"coach bags on clearance"
"Hope you had a good weekend!"
"Why am I never in twitter no more?"
"#TwoThingsIWant for Chicago foo fighter tickets and a laptop"
"People take Twitter so seriously these days. Please get a life."
"Wheels Down in Phoenix. Home."
"Omg NO I'm getting shots :'("
"comparing costs of US-Japan shipping cos."
"thanks for the update ..."
"i dnt get it how can jb never say never without saying never... i never could understand..."
"They're both attractive, but Rachel is the better reporter."
"I told ya I was trouble, you know that I'm no good."
"I hate girls that smoke"
"Hey , hope #octoberfest was fun..."
"Looks like by even conservative estimates I will witness my first hurricane this weekend. Exciting. I'll be at work, natch."
"Gotta love running the mile first period on a Monday..."
"It's so hard to study when good movies are on. love The Blindside 😊"
"you too! I've been trying to kill this migraine since and have yet to leave my Dads place."
"Great Community tonight...look forward to your thoughts."
"There's a guy cooking for me. I could get used to this."
"hey sister how you doing. Whats new in yo hood?"
"Library on a Saturday I'm officially #disgusted with myself"
"text off my iPodd (:"
"Sry for the late response! Been unplugged in FL helping a friend move. Will have to look for The Rook. Thx for recommending!"
"came out pretty dope"
"again. Here's the \"professional\" image I'm working on putting together. :)"
"If you're in the WP area check out from 4-6PM, 2 veg sliders and a beer for $7.50. Awesome veg restaurant if you haven't been!"
"I love Valero for having cheese and hot fritos ( :"
"UR a riot!"
"are yall still going to din din with us? :)"
"hahaha am I really!?..."
"Whoops, I meant *months on my last tweet. 😞"
"'Round the same time she fell in love with HIM. Well, that's cool baby girl do your thing... Lucky I ain't have Jay drop him from the team.\""
"So cute!!!"
"So much work"
"Got some Modjo- Lady to start the morning drive 🎵🎶🎵"
"we do have to do a twitter pitch"
"dfw to cdg. leaving warm texas sun for cool (and wet?) cobbles. excited!"
"Who drives a BMW 5 series with earphones in? No one should, my friend. Not even you. Big #fail on the coolness factor."
"lmfao I'm still watching skins too"
"Download- InSpotter app -free today on your Android & iPhone"
"CORRECTION! will release May issue on stands May 30th. Publisher is selling magazine to a new entity, not closing"
"ugh Say it don't spray it"
"Cmon it's just Sunday Fundayyyy "
"lol how r u ?"
"Also, any theme/purpose to the tweetup or just social? Finally, are YOU going to be there? (Be honest!) ;-)"
"I tried to get your treats out today, but I didn't get them done on time to get them shipped..."
"i'm graduating next month with honors!!!"
"#GoGetter RT : life doesn't have a remote, get up and change it yourself"
"55% off archery instruction? gets on board with Hunger Games"
"what's meaning behind your name (Biblical?) This has bothered me for a while."
"my mom siad i dressed like a chola crazy right"
"That's the best homecoming present I could think of. And today is my birthday to boot. :)"
"I wish i had some _______ right about now..."
"you too!!!"
"If you flapped those arms the way you flap your gums you really could fly. :)"
"A hero needs a villain and we have some damn nasty ones."
"I'd take NE vs SD from '07 instead. JMO"
"bitch you on twitter but you can't text back"
"loved tonight's rerun- marathon man against Jeremy's car."
"I can't even keep count with all the followers Justin is getting. #22million!? Geez I remember #6million and some remember #45000. <3"
"-> -> -> another gem: leave footprints. because we can."
"I'm diggin tats!"
"I love the charade of watching congress applaud calls to reform their own corrupt, unethical, & self-interested fecklessness."
"Heads up! My 300th follower is gonna get some free stuff courtesy of !"
"happy birthday hope u having a great day love you xx"
"Who should I start this week? Cam Newton or Matt Ryan? They both on \"Play 'em\" list but IDK bout Cam against Chi..."
"school sucks !"
"i love my friends (and captain america)"
"Loll FUN nightt last nifgt ;D"
"Thanks for the tweet darling!!"
"LOL I'm such a nice person #imcuteright ? 😂"
"Two days after deciding to release Peyton Manning, the Colts have just decided to release Peyton Manning's forehead too."
"Don't wanna break your heart, wanna give your heart a break."
"Daaaaa Bears! They will bounce back today!"
"that's great! Thanks do much"
"RT : Orlando FL what's up!"
"I'm a web designer with close to 10 years experience. Any additional info would be great."
"In downtown Manhattan? Come try our homemade ny style #pizza. 1 slice for $1 at #cafe41! Can't beat this lunch deal."
"dont get the whooping cough"
"Just throwing it out there. Where do I rate on your all-time asshole scale 1-10? Don't worry about offending me, assholes dont get offended."
"And plenty of rum to drink"
"Good morning Natalie."
"Morton's steakhouse tonight... Yee yee!"
"money make me cum ."
"Can't sleep!"
"I hope so. RT : PM will be Broncos today...can't wait!!!"
"Wish me luck"
"*LE GASP* dude, I've been there like five times, I found stuff to do xD"
"Happy mother's day"
"I wonder if Florence + The Machine ever have to call Mike + The Mechanics."
"I hate when I'm laughing & my ass falls off."
"Lol okay I'll start practicing my one-liners and monotone now."
"The more you read the Bible the more you will love the author"
"For all you job seekers out there...pay attention! Top Executive Recruiters Agree There Are Only Three True Job Interview Questions -..."
"Ok baby this your dick you can ride it anytime you want"
"slightly afraid of the vocabulary that bird is going to learn."
"Money cars hoes sleep hoes money money money sleep money money hoes and that's my schedule lol"
"Good fabulous morning gorgeous!"
": God did not ordain the cross of Christ and the lake of fire to communicate the insignificance of belittling his glory."
"I love you and i hope you feel better!! Im soo sorry about your loss!! :( #Staystong!! I here for you if you need me!<3"
"WOW you are a busy bee!"
"Today is just one of them days."
"Comedy and music is the PERFECT combination!"
"Ps I really really miss you. Come bring your bride home to see us soon! Xo"
"C'mon...baby where you wanna go?"
"That's hot I thought he was painting nonsense ! via America's Got talent"
"Dont wanna go to school , why cant summer start now."
"Seeing Malkin get 50 goals makes me think how crazy it is to think that Teemu Selanne scored 76 goals as a rookie!"
"Cool, as a playwright I work with a lot of actors. :) Matthew"
"big win!"
"Hall and Oates"
"Not in my experience, no. \"Equality\" orgs don't tend to be trans-friendly, either, generally. #JustSayin'"
"Aw! Get well soon so u can enjoy the summer! :D"
"awaiting phone call from outlook better than first reports however."
"Working way too late on an irrelevant side project that gives me an enormous amount of Joy."
"Retweet if your summer has been fun so far ."
"Students have to research and write out a tour. Then they make a path to the different locations."
"you've tested the Verizon nexus, does battery... Suck too??"
"Great call, I am riding you bid dog....you are on fire!!!"
"Please post your podcasts on itunes PPLLLLLEEEEEAASSEE!! I promise i'll listen to them."
"Who got a new cell phone for Christmas?! What did you get?"
"have you tried the Spicy sandwich yet?!"
"CAUSE I WONT HAVE IT, IM NOT HANGING UP, WHAT YOU NEED, IS RIGHT HERE AT YOUR FINGERTIPS GIRL JUST DIAL 323-786-9201"
"Our hearts are influenced by the Spirit of God or the spirit of the devil. Which spirit we hearken to is seen through our actions."
"haha go get one!"
"yes but not the Sebastian mega can."
"$28-$45 depending on the style and color :)"
"i feel so sick omfg"
"If sharing knowledge, you have to make your audience know or care about your issue or believe it is one"
"This week is the last week for Youth Competition registration! Encourage our young artists to enter at www.ghartwalk.com!"
"people don't become gay. Sexual orientation is not a choice!"
"Tyson Beckford -- Sex Tape Being Shopped"
"In order to truly master the comfort zone, you have to learn to love it. -Peter Mcwilliams"
"RT : Look, if your not following how can you call yourself a CatFan? #BBN let's show him ky love!"
"you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(11"
"lol i love you!"
"At the airport following great meetings and chats at"
"You think the new season will feature Whitney Houston? ...too soon?"
"weird to be getting dwts tweets at 630 pm."
"Had some cough syrup to stop from hacking my lungs up and now I feel like I'm drunk...this is trippy."
"I'm going to warped tour!! FUCK YES"
"\"Your past has you in a chokehold. You deserve it from what I'm told.\" listening party with on the way home! "
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRODIGY!!!! Love you have a wonderful day <3"
"Wow. I'm speechless on that one."
"Oomf is a clown... Not talking about"
"can you RT my site www.10thirty10.com sales of the stickers go to Restore Truthiness. Honest, I'm a stand up guy!"
"No. #haircut 💇"
"I am in love with the Oakhurst community garden. In an ideal world, the vacant lot behind my house would be similar."
"how did new orleans treat you last week? So ticked I missed the show."
"Update on Craziness (well, work craziness) Given trhe chance of a train wreck we punted the live coverage to another crew:only 2 hours today"
"#Patriots: Matt Light Retires after 11 Years"
"my dads wedding and birthday is tomorrow!!! YIPPPIEEEE!!!! :) :) :) <3 <3"
"Anyone going to be at the Women's Final 4 this weekend? There should be some great games."
"\"TO DO IS TO BE\" - Nietzsche \"TO BE IS TO DO\" - Kant \"DO BE DO BE DO\" - Sinatra"
"Leadership is doing what is right when no one is watching. – George Van Valkenburg"
"\"I think she's drunk, and I admire her.\" - Gaby"
"Finished reading Steve Jobs bio by Walt Isaacson - Deeper appreciation of art & technology intersection"
"Cheating on the diet."
"the funny thing is she's not the best the MA Dems can do but it's the best they think they have to do. Kinda sad really."
"Remember ladies, the knight with the shiniest armour has done the least amount of brave or cool shit."
"too bad you're not available to join, at least mich will join us tomorrow. funny we usually drink instead of gym :( lol"
"Adam is down!! #BB13 #CBSBigBrother Everybody say it with me 'SHOCKER'!!"
"thanks for the audio lesson do you have the notes for Financial Peace For The EntreLeader"
"why is that when i txt someone they take efing forever to txt back is it because its th morning????????"
"No, just ocasionally. You got lucky :P"
"I truly appreciate your support regardless if you were there or not. Thank you so much."
"Basically I hate long days like this"
"when are you guys touring again?!"
"um so brantley gilbert is performing on july 14th, you and i have to go"
"Beautiful day and I'm going to school"
"world premiere!!!!"
"Timbers tie 0 - 0 against Columbus. Did we won one point or did we lose 2. Time to evaluate the strategy."
"Great effort!"
"in a hard-hitting investigation, the NY Daily News found 1st Class n Priority Mail are the SAME THING. So save urself $4 and go 1st class."
"I just dropped off a huge bag of candy at school for my daughter. She \"needed\" it for a project. Am I gullible or what?"
"LMKasprzak re: CMC -- exploring Value Proposition written from clients', not consultants', perspective. More difficult to write."
"nice. Have a great day."
"it's Adam schabel from down the street"
"need help in the shower?"
"how was your day ?"
"couldn't agree more with your column. Spot on."
"pleased to tweet you!"
"I missed today. I just got back to the office. Yes, I do need to post more often. Or just often."
"There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Princess Leia Barbie ...Barbie with the hairdo from Star Wars"
"3 of the SC top ten were Calipari players. Dorsey, , and Wow"
"Thank you, Sarah! Happy Mothers' Day!"
"Merry Christmas Eve! Have a great day(="
"If God didn't want me to drink too much beer he would not have made to so cold and yummy"
"Goodbye twitter/life. Be back in a week. );"
"I've always imagined a #GoldBond ad with the word \"Bonding\" at the top w/ two dudes high fiving to a cloud of white powder"
"I'm O&O by WQED. If you really want me, send email about where? when? for how long? doing what? and I submit it to panel."
"wat u doing anyway??"
"Hi Colorado. We would love to help you w/ your coping and printing needs. We do free print analysis of your office to see how to save you $$"
"Neighbor-Next time you vacation, please remember to shut off your alarm clock-5:45-7:45 AM 3 days constant beeping"
"I agree."
"Special thanks to for \"dead tweeting\" tonight's show! We'll be sticking around for a talkback after."
"There is always beauty in the struggle, chasing those desires and setting the world on fire."
"Day 2 of all night shoot.... This should be the last day of filming for me"
"when you bringing the new blood in? I'm out at 6 today. Don't be a stranger either or I'll send someone over to cockpunch you."
"I'm the sickest in the system"
"are we sure that isnt actually tebow?"
"We are working on an advertisement flyer to hand out at this year's Gay and Lesbian Pride Event in Long Beach. Having fun creating it..."
"I can't believe you forgot Women's Day."
"Last minute road trip to Princeton University. Townie skateboarders everywhere. Campus is a ghost town otherwise."
"Ready for this season"
"I need to leave this shit hole."
"Questions that aren't properly answered never go away."
"asked for"
"*scrolls down TL ^ fake fake fake^"
"the hologram of Jimmy Hendrix."
"what about saying \"Adult Only\" seen that one many times."
"You speak the truth too much its awesome!"
"When u get to that point where you're half asleep and u get a txt and it scares the crap out of you <<"
"well A) How embarrassing for you. B) I rarely dare brave the mall -- hence my Arboretum visit."
"just 'cause I'm so popular and good at stuff. That's why."
"hellzyeah, lolol..you're not getting another opportunity like this girl. >_>"
"The count down is on! The is only 6 days away! Get your tickets so you don't miss this incredible event!!!!"
"How US entrepreneurs r using \"MacGyver\" style ingenuity for transformational products & services."
"Car of the future has wings - and 279000 price tag - leapfrog tag"
"I'm never going back To the girl that lacked faith in romance I'm done lets dance Keep it up-take a chance I'm yours I'm all yours"
"if you talk about somebody thats suppose to be your friend when they walk away then your not a real friend !"
"\": What you do every day matters more than what you do once in a while. #life #motivation #quotes\" she posts the most real shit"
"Bend but don't break...."
"Dying hair :D"
"I was your 390th follower ;D EVERYONE FOLLOOWWWWWEWW"
"We are looking forward to returning to NYC -next Friday Aug 26 to play an awesome venue way uptown"
"i told both of yall at the same time-ish. like.. i messaged yall both."
"yup, it's really clear that you're inspired by human centered design ideas - so I wanted my #HCD tweeps to see yr stuff :-)"
"yea i like that one too! :)"
"Drivin to Arkansas to play!"
"yeah i had similar thoughts. but i guess any medium can be used for either. i tend to follow those who share resources"
"Peach Ciroc? Don't mind if I do. Own my first bottle :D"
"Traffic is going to suck but so worth it to sleep 7.5 hours"
": Austin is like that person in college that you both loved to hang with and knew that you would never be one percent as cool as.”"
"My roommate is a robot...don't ask how I know..."
"First step from curing an addiction, Admitting you have a problem hahaha jk love you XP"
"Chicago tonight with my college roommates.... Off the road tomorrow.... leggggoooo"
"Good grief!"
"wait what?! Where did you hear this from?"
"Thank you for your support Dave!"
"Im feeling like a proud papa, my girls did great on there first go see! And they are super excited. Empowering Youth Through Fashion"
"Checkout the sickest clothing on the west coast. www.SNOCLOTHING.com"
"Atlanta got smashed"
"\"something else\" is probably already here, it's just that nobody's seen it yet…"
"I think that is my #1 pet peeve at work."
"Such sorry lame asshole"
"Thank you, Mitch. Loss is hard whenever it comes but especially hard with one so young. :("
"Never realized how hard it was to fill out your bracket when your school was a 2 seed!"
"I can't wait for the weekend! Been working my tail off booking events. I'm ready to move on to the next chapter of my career. Can't wait!!"
"thanx for the follow. Its good."
"get out of here!!"
"Manic Monday....1$ coffee at Caribou....up too late watching the Oscars-can't function without it!"
"text me"
"Happy #MakeupMonday! How fierce is a red lip!? Try an orange lip with gloss to spice things up even more!"
"Pizza for breakfeast! :b"
"Bryce Harper just got in the league niggas already throwing at him?"
"Gonna be giving away an ipad every Monday night football game this season, stay tuned!"
"let's go see the killers an make out in the bleachers"
": but really. Now I REALLY"
"Looking forward to volunteering and 'digging in' with our client, Bland Landscaping, today down at InterFaith !"
"why are people so nosey..."
"Faster than we all think, this may be getting to where ordinary football plays are the issue, not just super-violent hits/bounties."
"Just for the record, I don't hate anyone. I understand that it takes two people and my focus is working on my relationship and moving on."
"This would be because I'm on a DSL connection in Jerusalem backing up to multiple servers in the USA and Europe."
"this is ridiculous"
"follow Phoenix Hip Hop at it's finest!!!!!!!!"
"#IThankGod 4 Every Possession That I Have!🙌"
"gosh the \"blind side\" is such an inspirational movie.."
"I must be getting old because the Skipper looks young! #sherwoodschwartz #gilligan'sisland #BradyBunch on tonight!"
"u da bomb!"
"I DON'T WABNA GO TO SCHOOL."
"nope but I guess I should try them. I usually eat the \"BaKed\" brand Lolli pops that are around LA"
"tomorrow is 4/20. i wonder how many people will get arrested/not show up at school tomorrow??"
"I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you."
"Just got home from an awesome \"refresher training\"... feeling refreshed and ready to make things happen!"
"Smells Like News: The Comedy Awards 2012: The Show, The ..."
"About to hit the weights."
"well done fake professor!"
"is following all these people, i wonder if he'll follow me today (: hm....? I wish he would tweet me ):"
"Help out our friend tonite at on Hwy 620 in #Austin. Any canned-good donation gets you a 1/4 pound of #brisket!"
"Done recording and editing the audio: only took 1 hour for about 15 minutes."
"5 hours of snow now, it only stopped for maybe 30 minutes. Maybe more, I woke up at 730, could have been snowing before then, too"
"Counting cash with Tracy today was a nightmare >.<"
"Shared joy is double joy, shared sorrow is half sorrow. Swedish Proverb"
"1 step out the car...yep ill be movin here"
"Because Ben didn't look enough like a homeless person he had to go and grow a beard ?!??? Wtf"
"Help Trend & Verify ; By Saying ; Verify PSanders !!"
"Wow boot to the head. Cruz hope you're alright..."
"u a good person tho for helping them out.."
"OMG, I didn't even know today was March the 18th/19th. lol. I thought it was like the 15th. LOLOL. I'm such an idiot. >.<"
"Fantastic article! Gave me some ideas for #THATCampOSU sessions. Thanks!"
"I LOVE it! Good for you! It can be addictive."
"Follow organization!"
"We know Krejci and Bergeron are playing hurt, but what's the excuse for Lucic and Seguin?"
"Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)"
"#GIRLS on #hbo is pretty funny... good writing"
"Could someone in room at #kodm check audio levels or move mic closer?"
"but rather... \"Soft and GREEN\"..."
"Coming soon to a world wide web near you: \"The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!\""
"Valentines Day is around the corner, make sure you BUY BLACK! Dinner at a Black-owned restaurant. Gift certificate from a Black-owned spa..."
"Had to duck out early from great \"After English\" panel to catch a flight back to DFW. out. Til next time"
"Good stuff at The Room last night man."
"oh wordd me too buh im not bored"
"you mean \"tweet\"ering ?"
"I have so much to do."
"Missed my 4,300 tweet... Oh well."
"Helping start a new, old business. Vintage amplifier repair. Kinda refreshing dealing with old tech."
"fasho u still on this hoopin shit? cuz i already know been bumming it up"
"what's next?"
"Alan Gross: \"I feel like I'm a hostage.\" -"
"Kioi Sinfonietta concert unusual, but interesting - Washington Post"
"event***. Its a movie that a journalism student from Towson directed."
"yay! tell her I said hi!"
"lol funniest video 😂😂"
"As long as u don't make me go to a game :) RT : Nope, Im going to buy you a Browns jersey"
"lmao I'm just saying"
"Career Calendar"
"I think that says a lot about the quality of the content I post."
"Benjamin Cardozo, a Portuguese Jew, was the first."
"no, you shall only help ME going forward. i'm ur private student."
"I think an aam sticker is due"
"I am so sad....my 90 something neighbor died just now... :-(:::::"
"Ilona Ridder (Hermelindanan) Thanks for the follow. May the shirt be with you!"
"Hiya! Yep, I'm forging my way through the land of bland, beige foods. Thanks. :-)"
"where u these days bro?"
"I'm good and u?"
"God is the light that shows me the way, for there is nothing that God cannot do."
"Let's see it on you!"
"About 3/4 way through FLEDGLING by late, great Octavia Butler. Anyone read this book?"
"Christina Milan's Daughter is Beautiful."
"so you must be familiar with The Stanchion then Laura!?"
"#ThingsIGetAlot....Are you mixed with Dominican ???"
"Where there is no belief in the soul, there is very little drama . . . . Either one is serious about salvation or one is not. An"
"On call for 7th admit? Don't mind if I do"
"Hi Femi Shoot me an email or meet me on skype."
"I saw this a few days ago.. very funny!"
"just saw season one of teen wolf, you were great!!"
"hungover. I'm just going to watch it @ my place. What's your plan? Come over!"
"UH, they are so good."
"My cab drivers pet bird was in the cab with me tonight."
"At least my English teacher offered to write me a letter of recommendation"
"i wonder if ever gets nervous before he gets up on stage"
"No amount of coaching can help if your not truly willing to deal with those beliefs that no longer serve you- my 5 Step program is unique."
"I don't know what that means, but I'm thinking \"thanks\" is a good response? Maybe?"
"Going 2 c my cows now xD EEEEP! I can't wait!!!"
"Congrats! That's impressive. Make sure you go with your gut."
"AH! whose dog is that?"
"British researchers stop brain cell death in mice with brain disease. Research may help Alzheimer and Parkinson disease."
"enjoyed our last 7am day of the season..."
"Found a bird with a broken wing in my yard and I don't know what to do"
"Our fireplaces are all carved out of marble travertine stone. Anything you can dream up, we can do."
"You know you're a music nerd when: your doodle turns out to be the circle of fifths."
"Fr some reason I still can't DM u back. I'm on AM1160 M-F, 3to5p. Producing a daily talk show called 180 w Karl Clauson."
"It's now open for Manning and Wayne or Garçon in Miami"
"This whole day been fucked up"
"Thank you everyone who stopped by the booth during the SD Bay Food & Wine Festival! We met so many amazing wine lovers!!"
"oops I twittered"
"Why do we fixiate on an engineering failure like Titanic? Enough already."
"Random News: DiCaprio 'to make Bollywood film debut' with Xtreme City!"
"Had a fantastic meeting with the crew. Thank you guys for everything!"
"thanks Steve."
"pics or it didn't happen"
"at house just chilling on fifa :)"
"but I love photography better"
"Fuck it in the trap pussy.. #idoitfortheratchets u a Foo for that one!!"
"Hey everyone! Have any suggestions for a song we should cover? Tweet us!"
"WYR... have to kneel a giant in the balls every time you eat, OR speak only in Cockney rhyming slang."
"Oh noes! I'll miss you living in SF. Congrats on the gig!"
"Thanks for the follow!"
"They playing tonight on k97? THANK HER NOW for the resurgence of REAL hip-hip on free radio! #proudtobefromNC #howyoulikehernow?"
"thanks for sharing and I love your profile pic. hahaha. ^ag"
"nice looking dish boys!"
"so if you want to film any acting shorts and stuff let's get in it! Yea?!"
"ALA Booth #2416, stop by and register to win a Nook!"
"now you are equally as lucky"
"that's awesome! What are you doing there now? I am great just working hard and finishing up grad school!"
"San Antonio (Shore & Seabrook) plays Chicago (Doell) in game 5 of the Western Conference Quarterfinals (best-of-5) tomorrow in Chicago"
"Luv this! Best wishes! Let those creative juices flow!"
"You can take a picture in front of any #wonk display, but tell us in your message what kind of wonk you are"
"It's amazing how many things I can think of to do instead of meditating..."
"you will not be sorry. and she is one of the best live stage performance experiences i've ever known."
"#FOLLOWMEALEX please please please please"
"CANT WAIT TO PLAY AT BACKBOOTH!!! Finaly I can sing Midnight Mass they I wrote it! :D"
"That awkward moment when you misspell \"awkward\"."
"I pray for blessings for you today."
"sorry I'm going running after work."
"don't break your back"
"Well, 53yo Catholic volunteer lady, showing me your tattoo was very clearly a ruse for exposing your sacred lady bits to young lil' me."
"Liam needs to stop grabbing his crotch."
"I totally felt the same way! It took me less than 10 min!!!"
"where did you end up watching it?"
"I know."
"Finally something funny on #SNL. Love and 's Nick and Nick sketch."
"you're welcome!!"
"oh well"
"Man, there'd be big money if we could do a combo martini, coffee and cupcake delivery service. It'd be in demand at all hours."
"Happy mothers day to a couple awesome mommies"
"Stock market: we're currently bullish on ARMH, DVN, SINA, and GOOG"
"i don't think so...thanks you to"
"Cave in"
"I'd always cheat at Monopoly"
"I can navigate Santa Fe pretty good now, but you can't think about it with cardinal directions."
"Bernadette! Planning a wedding? We have the Ultimate Wedding Package: cake, flowers, invites & more! tinyurl.com/4x8ghw8"
"Listening to and loving the magical way it makes me feel. \"I really want to go outside\""
"With the multitude of #mobile technologies I have at my fingertips, why do I spend the majority of my day sitting at my desk?"
"Whew - doggie -it's hot and humid out today. Beware of a big hair day!"
"the home"
"so excited cuz I'm approaching 30 now! Woot!"
"Throw your dreams into space like a kite. U do not know what it will bring back. A new life/a new friend/a new love/a new country.Anais Nin"
"Chris Baxter says Crisis Carter is a tool."
"I went through a period like that with \"obtain\" as an intransitive verb. Everywhere, for just a little while."
"Do you ever wonder if there's a lot of arsenic in the water of the Texas Governors mansion? It would explain a lot."
"Just check the video out good work.."
"happy early birthday boo!!!"
"been BUSY!! landed a daytime job so we have precious little time during the week."
"Way to go ! Great race!"
"If you makin money then I aint gon participate"
"I haven't tweeted in a year. So here ya go -"
"Terrell Suggs is out for the year! Good start to my day!"
"Tonight's the night! Come out at 6:00 pm and meet Memphis' own Jennifer Chandler for the first book signing of \"Simply Grilling\"!"
"How I met your mother"
"I thank God that I Am not basic....."
"RT : My chinese friend died last week. So Yung."
"lol love you bitchass(: and actually tell mama desantis hi :D"
"of all the things granted us by wisdom, none is greater or better than friendship.\""
"We'll see! If I ever meet you maybe."
"also, is pretty much the best seester evaaar."
"how r u today"
"Knowing God and knowing about Him are 2 very different things. Don't just be a fan, be a friend of God. John 15:9-18 EXPOSE.Empower.Unleash."
"RT “: Something I'll never understand: Guys who brag about all the weed they smoke.. Then complain bout how broke they are..."
"Can't pronounce it. But I like the pick."
"love drinking detox tea before bed."
"President still fuming about not winning #TheVoice, in regards to military action against NBC, says \"all options are on the table"
"This morning has been all about script notes. One as DP, the other as my first paid directing gig."
"RT Robert Whitley Opened Chateau St. Jean's 2002 Reserve Malbec at Dobson's ... Paired it with a perfectly grilled veal chop"
"We love you Alona! Hope you had an amazing birthday. :) RT Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!! Warms my heart!!"
"is the new Antoine Dotson... \"She's climbin in yo windows... snatching yo pillows up...\" lmao"
"More Marvel The Avengers Games Heading Home Soon From Disney"
"The blue whale is the loudest animal on the earth"
"The last cure is charring."
"Just saw a shooting star.."
"LOLOLOL Carmen is so cute! I love my sissy 😘💛😂😭"
"I like conversations where I don’t have to think about what to say, it just comes naturally..."
"Looking for an #apartment in #Chicago or know someone who is? Follow us on #Twitter to see more!!!"
"Ba-ba Black sheep have you any wool/ or yarn or cotton or leotards no bull/ fine figures in garments spillin soy in Nobu/ ."
"Is anyone else freaked out by similarities between Iceland volcano and Life As We Knew It? Would be a good current events booktalk now."
"Donor ownership more relevant than loyalty"
"I think it's a little silly complaining that there were no back Avengers. The original Avengers had no black members either."
"OMG YOURS.<3"
"No being irritated! D:"
"my heart just broke!!! I miss you terribly!"
"thank u!"
"haha oh my gosh. Movie got to ya already huh??"
"which am I more excited about..... baseball in 30 days or !?"
"the city of angels is calling my name"
"\"excuse me, I think you dropped something\" Did it yesterday. Dupont Circle, adult male, pastry wrapper."
"In addition to food & wine, we have fashion: is at our Food Truck Extravaganza, 1735 Hancock St."
"haha, I saw that yesterday, I can't do that and I'm 30, she was amazing"
"Yeah I'm in Florida with my cousin we just came back in. About to head out again."
"btw guess wht song i heard on the radio last night"
"do you want to go out?? I had to get the guts to do it, but I am NOT afraid of this answer, I love you"
"John Kao and Jim Collins at ASTD discuss discipline and innovation on keys to success"
"It ain't over though!"
"Me: I misplaced my jury summons. Juror hotline: Give me the barcode number on the summons. Me: Um"
"Hey. I'm trying to make it soon && nope ; Going next week."
"And big props to the voluptuous April (Katy Mixon). Talk a bombshell, WOW!!! #eastbound&down"
"People always tell you YOU CANT, I tell them to SUCK IT. That's the only way to get anywhere."
"What's going on?"
"sure will. atleast i can see blake everyday;hoping to change that soon.ill miss jamie tho weve gotten so close."
"Thanks for the blog post!"
"AT&T Uverse users: are you also having a hard time watching YouTube? All streaming works well, except YouTube. :("
"It is wise to reflect before you respond to a fool."
"I was tattooing clients from 7 p.m yesturday evening until 6 a.m. this morning. I needed a little nap."
"wouldn't stabbing in the next make shouting impossible or at least a lot quieter? I guess they missed the windpipe?"
"its been a while. But Bailey looked great in the pen againt the phillies in the playoffs two years ago."
"Switched Epic's website over to a new server today! Working on a new social network app for Epic. Think it could b cool for CG's!"
"I can mail u a spare copy if u send ur address via email :) or I can scan it ..might get more readers that way..."
"All votes appear to have been counted. At this point, Kloppenburg is up by 204 votes. But there will now be a recount."
"Hahaha right? Thank goodness they got someone so stable & strict like Bobby Valentine to rein them in."
"During sound test for last nite's show a artist asked \"Pink Floyd & Philip Glass - what show is this?\" Answer - It's !"
"I'm working on a piece for NJ."
"The LESS options- the better"
"Wishing you and yours a Joyous Kwanzaa!"
"dude dude dude... I JUST SAW A BLACK GTR. =D . THAT MAKES 7 GTRS. ITS A SIGN BRO..."
"Fight (and Terrorism) Club"
"How's it going, Splashy?"
"soon enough. Stay strong ✊"
"what if the chats are with dj's - and potentially bands?"
"Happy Birthday Sky!!!!! I LOVE YOU BOO BOO!!!! Hoope u have a good one... :)"
"#Key&Peele is fucking fantastic. Really damn funny."
"It doesn't matter if you win or lose.. Until you lose."
"I like food more than I like people. Food doesn't let you down."
"oof, to much swag!"
"Oh crap...I think I've become a chronic throat clearer. Shoot me now!"
"I really really really really really love Big Time Rush!!! Can't wait to see them in the summer!! <3 Especially Logan Henderson! <3"
"sitting here . Wing bored with my life . .-."
"How 'bout them #Buccos. Ha."
"your headline is dead on! ;) we put an offer in on the townhome at 4106 Newton to use as an invst property..countered too hi"
"It's all about playing to ur fan base. Saying I luv Castro in Miami is like saying I luv Bush in the middle of dowtown Baghdad."
"looking at my invisible DMs with Madison...."
"Gousha: informative, thoughtful civil discussion. Showing video on Lessard case."
"OK, I'm still at with a Golden Ticket & free food. Who wants it? Stop by, say Mangia!"
"Fake ass friends, the one who I thought had my back is now stabbing me"
"No, the magenta dye stained EVERYTHING. Ugh. Nightmare."
"beats are so fucking dope. Everyone should feel this shit!"
"same! but too bad i can't be there today!"
"RT RT : BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: LXD on CONAN this Wednesday, Dec. 8th!!!!! GET READY!!!!! tune in :)"
"You have no idea how much stuff you have till your moving!!!! Have a great day!!!"
"f-ck, and my excuse is that I’m young And I’m only getting older so"
"Genealogy Boot Camp. Oct 6 2012, Lapeer Michigan. Genealogy from A-Z."
"#WKU wins the Sun Belt conference!! I can't believe it!! So proud to be a Hilltopper alum!!"
"Order sent to Stacey in NC!"
"Might get my iPhone today ^_^"
"On Glee, when Puckerman and Beast were talking about failure and he started crying, I bawled my eyes out. Those are all the things ive felt."
"You have a twitter now !!!"
"Masturbation is natural and unless he's doing it 5 times a day you have nothing to worry about! Best, Rachel"
"we haven't started practicing yet"
"Doing great! One half marathon down; another on the books and a new PR to boot."
"what yu say my name for"
"good talk though - thanks!"
"Better Late than never #FF They all earned my coveted retweets this weeks"
"Caitlin. Think you can bring me a bunch of double-cupped coffees for the graduation rehearsal on Friday? I'm planning ahead."
"Catch the #Braves episode of 30 Clubs in 30 Days tonight at 5pm ET on (also re-airing throughout the evening)."
"RT : Good luck on your finals. Study hard and finish strong!"
"North Korean political prison camps growing - Amnesty"
"My evening shall henceforth be filled with the Deschanel sisters -- season six of Bones is on Netflix and lots of New Girl to watch!"
"thanks man"
"#FF for all you auto repair needs."
"Can't get a win this weekend #effword :("
"Good morning sun -- thanks for the inspiration"
"haha oh craiggles, one day you'll accept us"
"We're totally the 'woo' girls #SeniorBUreakfast #HIMYM cc"
"haha such a great way to see me! Being dragged out of bed by John"
"Sherlock Holmes... Spectacular!"
"Without His love I can do nothing, with His love there is nothing I cannot do."
"twitter time with with"
"love u too ;)"
"So good to meet you at #AERA2012! Looking forward to following your tweets. Let's stay in touch."
"Woo! My new MacBook Pro is in Memphis! That means it will be at my doorstep tomorrow morning."
"asdkilfjlsejfknsal... Woah! Is it hot in here... or is it just ? ;) hahah! P.S. Don't tell him I said that! ;) lol! :P"
"Thank you so much! You're making me cry..."
"- story on why Sunday talk shows continue to have Sen. McCain on at every opportunity. Quotes from bookers and critics."
"Good morning Veronica!!"
"Join recruithighschool.com for free post highlight tapes and photos for free"
"#MadeUpFactsAboutAnimals Most octopi favor their right four tentacles, although about 10 percent are lefties."
"im goin to school :)"
"Christian's are annoying."
"\"For it is in giving that we receive.\" - Saint Francis of Assisi"
"Time to shower. Going to sleep early."
"Best high song eva RT : BIRD ON A WIRE PT 2 COMING SON"
"Me too!! Saw her in Philly, 2001. Most I've ever paid for a concert ticket. Totally worth it."
"Also 4 everyone in the fan club once the lockout gets sorted out. Will be doing some fun things with the fan club."
"\"LOOKIN LIKE A CD DA WAY SHE SCRATCH MY BACK\""
"can you please follow me back ?"
"follow back?(:"
"RT if you remember Myspace. OLD AF!"
"ha! loved the reply you got from \"there are other Nike devices...\" yeah, wear a Sportband/GPS AND FuelBand together"
"This Day in History 1968: Dr. King is assassinated."
"I don't miss you because I don't interact with you. When I interact and see you in action, I want you in my life. I really screwed up."
"Who else is headed to Acquisitions and Authors in tbe Digital Envirronment?"
"hi drita your so pretty !!(:"
"I need a baseball buddy down here! since lives too far away"
"offers three frame bevel options to ensure the right fit with existing window frames & Marvin’s Ultimate Insert Double Hung."
"well yes young sir I said I would so #countonit another happy"
"Can i just kill target..."
"You just noticed?"
"Just 24 hours left"
"Good point! The Fisher-king, so to speak- obvious absurdities aside, not the worst kind of Fish here..."
"Awesome! Happy election eve! A little Tears for Fears to get us through Election Night."
"working on a student survival guide idea... let's see how this goes. yay"
"Got an Our Lives In Motion drum cover almost uploaded now. Shit's gettin' real."
"you miss us?"
"Long hard day at work tonight, spend some quality time with my favorite guy"
"i'm so open when i'm drunk like it's insane"
"Unconditional love : being able to love someone during the goos. Bad And ugly days. Has this for mw"
"Next stop: Nervous Breakdown."
"you sir, are a gentleman and a scholar"
"One good thing about summer being over...hot chocolate from Barista!"
"Hate when I'm trying to be helpful or trying to cheer someone up n they done appreciate it"
"Our winners are and ... Thanx for the support. Dm your full name & shipping address"
"Your different, your a real ass girl. Dont be like everyone else"
"Is fall in the air? I think it it-is that a pumpkin spice latte I see in my future?"
"Ms. Zanditon, your clothes are stunning. Thanks for finding me now I'll follow you! I <3 Twitter! Where in NYC can we buy?"
"Omg, school is stressful."
"you mean next weekend?! :)"
"I just noticed something, you have LONG hair now"
"Watching dirty dancin wiff my mommy"
"I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my advantage to do for it anything I can."
"lmao did u see that HS pic I tweeted"
"Real nigga shit ball out here try my best to keep my starting pos"
"that moment you realize McGee from NCIS is Zachary binx from Hocus Pocus."
"whats on the agenda:Challenges facing Public Pension Plans: past, present and future"
"DS: If you want to become a Head Coach in the NFL, come to Baltimore as a Defensive Coordinator first. Ray Lewis will get you that job."
"I don't #BowDown I stand #Firm saying"
"Folic acid can boost your mood and decrease inflammation. Best sources: green veggies, legumes, beans, nuts and seeds."
"Due to TRAK’s expansion, we’re hiring a Recruiter! If you’re interested in this opportunity, please contact me."
"Time to work the fat off these bones; need to lose a few pounds ... been eating too well the past few months!"
"modeling was a lotta fun earlier (: considering i was like shaking the entire time aha. i'm horrible in front of tons of people.. :S"
"i am cool"
"Out to watch the ball game with my bro! Let's GO Badgers!"
"Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear... \"Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep.\""
"I call that ninja can't get right, cos that's just what he can't do!"
"I do! RT : If anyone needs camel meat I know a place."
"Study: Heavy teens have trouble managing diabetes"
"you just earned an \"unfollow\""
"why you stop following Me after you was following me, can you please follow me again because I like to maybe talk Privitely"
"Feels good debating sports early in the AM with people."
"Even better! RT : Fired from a failed girl group, no less..."
"Yaaay! Date night 😊"
"4.2.8 has been released. Active class is now added to the active image AND the parent LI element."
"Old guy with a mullet"
"Other team didn't show up, so we did the warrior-like thing and took the forfeit. Then we scrimmaged."
"Sore back is sore."
"Everybody wanna be fly till you swat e'm . -"
"Loud obnoxious people, jack hammers at 10:30pm and crazy parking puppies.... Just another night in lower Manhattan."
"idk just like hey I want to win blah blah funny things, anything I guess haha"
"Longest week ever.. Time for #OffTheGrid grub with to start off my weekend!!"
"I'm one who watches, but really doesn't watch. My wife loves the scenery. No favorites this season anymore."
"How are ya been doing today?"
"we <3 you"
"Awesome day!"
"Not sure but I think sponge cake may use yolks."
"HAHA!! SOME PEOPLE MAKE ME LAUGH THEY JUST DON'T KNOW WHEN TO STOP! AH WELL THEY WILL LEARN WHEN THE TIME COMES ITS THE WRONG THING TO DO T…"
"it's healing up perfectly. I haven't taken any chances with it."
"m....toasted coconut!"
"Maybe Claire Taylor would be available to take over the captaincy from Strauss"
"i can die now rebirth , hop up in my spaceship and leave earth <3"
"Those knuckle-dragging flat earthers love them some Insanetorum."
"Gonna just pretend song only one is about me"
"It *breaks* my heart how much blame she has put on herself. I left an essay length comment :-/"
"I'll supply the egg nog at a minimum :-)"
"moved away fr st. louis n january. livin close 2 iowa. love the new found freedom. dont have memories of being sick so i love my new house"
"I love selling beer to distributor reps because their company won't give them samples.. And then I drink them"
"In study hall, listening to my dad's songs. I love you, Dad. You should be famous(:"
"Thanks Alex! I believe big things are coming! -Chris"
"well I dm it to you"
"still feels like crap, but gonna try to suck it up & go to school.."
"morning or night...i want have kids and i won't be as scattered --i might actually have a full, uninterrupted convo:) thoughts??"
"Good luck with that. I know just how you feel."
"hey yea I did just got to get my Hair done I'm ready :)"
"Pussy run everything fuck that noise!"
"Well, I see some BTF Facebook posts in the future."
"going to the ballpark tomorrow for the day game. Hope he hits a few!"
"Fade to black, show the names, play that happy song."
"you mean Joe House, right?"
"Take me to the carnival so I know that it's real."
"#Happy Halloween! Time to turn into Fidel Sarcastra and get off to this party."
"its okay./: ugh and I really wanted to meet him"
"The thunder look good but after the way Mamba played last night. Can't count them out."
"im pretty sure every hispanic kid grew up with them hhaha"
"HELL YES!!!! We'll see you in DC Monday night!"
"There's a little logic. :) I bring it so I can call for help."
"If I were to pick a secondary word, it'd be painful."
"the asparagus is grilled, they use goat cheese and some italian dressing on french bread it's so yummy!!!"
"are you part of the stop kony movement yet?"
"Love how you read it! My first choice dogs are terrier group, not labs. Would take a \"wireless lab\" if like K-9 from Dr. Who"
"it should work. Try typing the full http address. I cut and paste"
"looking forward to working with you as Houston's Attractions needs a operations agreement and an Entertainment Attorney"
"Thank you for listening to me vent.. im glad you had intrest! (:"
"For the Lord is good and his love endures forever; his faithfulness continues through all generations. Psalm 100:5 <3"
"Thanks! I will be out of the Frankfurt office. Just finalizing a few things before I move."
"Tweet live from hookah nights :)"
"ha! thanks. exciting news :). come down to dc this summer please!"
"Wait, Rhianna where did you find love?"
"Thank you for briefly speaking with my aritst !"
"you got the blackberry tour?"
"Every day is 75 and sunny. Meteorologists in San Diego must be really bored."
"I've got one vote for DeRozan, one for Kleiza...anyone else have an opinion on the better stat line tonight? Making my fantasy picks :)"
"I think it's going to around the same time. 3pm. Someone will be calling you with more details."
"OH ANDD this guy said \"i like your pants... can i borrow them\" innapropriate #redpantsfriday <333"
"just remembered when we're on stage dancing to that Mexican garbage at prom. #priceless. (;"
"For the love of god give me a cigarette, the elevator is broken and Iive on the 5th floor"
"“: what's up Emily? Hope all is well. Congrats on Blitz! Wishing you all the best. See you soon” thanks Jason!"
"Theory: since Obama spouted same stupid history about #RutherfordBHayes as Reagan, said stupid stuff is now profound"
"Jason Aldean deserves entertainer of the year. Sorry Taylor"
"You're welcome, dear. Yes, it's my mom. :-))"
"Had an awesome business lunch today, and discovered a tasty new Chinese food restaurant at the same time :) Rice King in Provo = yummy!"
"huh? The #Nuggets are on. The TV in the corner has the #Rockies on. I think the #Padres lead 2-1."
"Welcome my New followers Thanks for the follow i just Follow back everyone!!!!1"
"#NowPlaying C.R.E.A.M -"
"your song Herion Bomb is freakin Hot!!!"
"You are correct.My bad MT : Anytime you say something for all \"patients\" it's already off target-"
"RT BREAKING: Amazon to close 50 of their \"Best Buy\" electronics showrooms."
"So, Kim Murphy ( ) doesn't believe I can still do a back bend. I will work on getting proof. Use it or lose it, right?!"
"Want free chips, salsa, sweet tea and a chance to get to know our pastors? Come to Salsa w/ the Staff Sunday at 12:15 next doort @ El Cerro"
"I think a modern John Marshall could pull it off, but it would have to be a daring argument. Better to go with legislation."
"Broken fryer at Torchy's Tacos means no fried avocado taco for me. Sadface."
"Y do i keep fucking up"
"2 more hours !! damn cant belive gonna be back in my second home again !"
"If i could wake up just 60 minutes earlier, i could have breakfast"
"just got sent a beautiful video from disneyland. how freaking cute. thank you <3"
"I just found out there's a rookie draft first THEN a regular draft, so that changes it a bit."
"#nowplaying Swim Good - Frank Ocean. #next Take it Off - Ke$ha"
"Great story! And I'm glad they're still collecting. I had way too many offers to be able to pick them up myself."
"when's Havens next episode!?!?"
"15 mph wind expected blowing out to left-center at Goodman 1 tonight good news for Big 10's power hitters, 90 degree temps a different story"
"My daddy's right, just need distance myself from certain people and all there crap. Maybe it'll help."
"I made a million dollars from home by convincing people they could make a million dollars from home and you can too!"
"Turn the Internet off for one day… all of the cool kids are doing it."
"A1: can't forget -- does a great job with both #sportsbiz + SM & is a best practice of how to activate w/brands"
"We've changed our name from - follow us here as we're going to be use this new The Great Online account!"
"And so is Lucy!"
"sounds like Marty party was a blast!!!"
"We both felt alone investing in banks that idiots said would be nationalized. Now David and I will get paid off."
"poor Gypsy!"
"GM I had a nice time with you"
"Yeah i'm sorry i wish i could make it. :("
"that's the way to be!"
"I'm wagering crack head"
"So now I need to cook but I rather bake banana bread but I really should cook...but I rather bake the bread"
"When I get my car I'm not gonna be late ANYWHERE"
"Breezing through this week today's a high of 54°F & clear. Who's excited 4 #ValentinesDay? We have exciting tours lined up!"
"never done that before. sweet. in Baltimore watching the ravens game w bro. 3hr bike ride earlier. Sweet!"
"i know well at least chachi is in san fran... if u like her tht is... cuz i do"
"“: go Sharks! ” (it's always cool to see them beat the Ducks too)"
"Just checked out the cool show in the sky...alignment of crescent moon, venus, and jupiter"
"Yeah, they look a bit like they're made for a wedding gown; but, very pretty..."
"ABQ has been ranked #1 best place to shoot films by #MovieMaker Magazine! For nightlife, 300+ days of great weather & diverse terrain."
"what part of education? The \"system\"?"
"No, you're not being lazy. That's the same stuff that irritates me. It's just lame UI."
"Most definitely."
"CivicPlus won the Missouri City, Texas website redesign contract....over Drupal ( open source ) and over VisionInternet ( closed source )"
"im in a drake mood. anyone have take care that i can borrow?"
"Searching for the truth is easy. Accepting the truth is hard."
"Well, looks like our \"San Francisco summer\" has bid farewell. Time to fire up those heat lamps and clean out the fireplace."
"No Laird. We are the 99 percent."
"It does no harm just once in a while to acknowledge that the whole country isn't in flames, that there are people in the country"
"Looking forward to a good discussion"
"U welcome love :0)"
"Is my new hero. She uses the subjunctive mood in tweets."
"#ThingsILookFor REAL People!!"
"Bagged the Colombian and Russian girls' number today at work !"
"WHATEVER . You know you TICKED me off right . & ilyoo2"
"Why is a group of mostly appointees, many w/ no stake in higher ed, given power to make decisions for us?"
"Tonight we started filming on first ghost horror!"
"I'm back in Chicago training advisors for Wealth Financial Group. What you don't know about Medicaid spend down can ruin your legacy..."
"Did I get so wrapped up in the world of music that I lost my friends? Where are they when I need them?"
"My 23 yr old son just lead my 18yr old daughter and me in prayer; and explained to us why science & math prove that God exists. Wow."
"Damn sometimes WTF????"
"CONGRATS CHAR, NO MORE BRAIN SLUG(: Wore my Haters hoodie in honor of today(: xx"
"i wonder what would happen if RT this and followed i think i would bounce of the walls....:):) plz plz plz!"
"Nick Johnson, holdin it down for bald dudes everywhere"
"throwing a zoom fluke on shallow lily pad flats on our natural lakes here in tallahassee"
"That's 1:30 both Thursday & Friday, right?"
"chill lol vampires don't sparkle that was only in cake ass twilight"
"Thanks for the advice but it was not asked of you.."
"I love people like that"
"he plays 27 minutes a game, puts 12 points up, almost 2 steals, 4 rebounds. Puts a playmaker, instant spark on offense."
"Determined to learn how to do fishtail braid!! YouTube tutorials 👍"
"can i just meet them already, then when im sad i can just think about the time that i met them and be happy"
"Pause to reflect the value and beauty of the freedom we enjoy, in honor of the brave men who ran ashore at Normandy on this day."
"is still signed in to Twitter on my computer... so I'm taking over!!!! Wheeeee!!! (Hearts, )"
"Recording our next Classnotes podcast episode! This one is on science strategies for teaching English learners."
"And now he's carrying a piece of lettuce around my room"
"don't let anyone break your spirit or your heart."
"I hope you have a wonderful night! Love you xoxo"
"A huge Austin welcome to everyone attending #asc12. So glad y'all are here this week. Have a fantastic time!"
"He leadeth we beside still waters"
"is hands down the best worker in the biz."
"The Silk Tie likes Dave! No tie in your profile pic? We can help, thesilktie.com"
"Spread the word, college journalists from across US have the floor in today's #ASNEchat, I'm hosting and hope you'll join. 11 Pac/2 ET"
"Or did not work well the first time or were used in a harmful way. Bad methods doesn't mean the entire practice is bad."
"Looking for an assitant Cook with cooking experience (Part Time). Please call The Black Bear Inn Tel. 303 823-6812"
"Up early for what's bound to be an exciting day at the with our clients! Pics to follow on Monday!"
"You need to offer it in XXL"
"Oh yes...there are many, many in the vast 94.5 LakeFM catalog!"
"haha been there done that"
"Nuns on Fire are killing it tonight! It's going to be a hard task following them but we're going to give it our damn best!"
"The ignorant flees from whar they fear. The wise takes advantage of all they fear in order to become strong by doing it. Cayetano Arroyo"
"Train from ghent to brugge running 30 min late. Glorious sun"
"hey girl - i'm doing really great. how are you? definitely need to catch up. looking forward to hearing your life details!"
"Lovely to meet you all GREAT day attending the book binding, letterpress, & publishing&community panel!"
"[Aladin-alert] Gallaudet's Fiscal Year End November 3"
"Happy Valentines Day Everyone!!!! Love and be loved:))))"
"drinking idle hands by - phenomenal DIPA that holds its own against the stalwarts of the style. Well done."
"do you like say everything that come to yo mind"
"My friend Aline, a fantastic photographer."
"man that sound good as hell...ill have to use that theme"
"If you #myfavoriteartist I'll cop your Cd , I won't bootleg =)"
"I can see us together on top We livin' like we hit the jackpot Cha-ching, like money in the bank You should be with me (`▽´)-σ"
"You tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is 'never try'. ~ Homer Simpson"
"is so talented. Good lord, I love this kid."
"Luke Bryan is so sexy"
"Keeping fingers crossed that the hail damage is not enough to total my car. It's really close at this point. Replacing hood, roof & trunk."
"hate people that complain all day long.."
"It's amazing how when people get on an airplane the alphabet becomes the most complicated thing in the world."
"Good day...America!"
"you're there?! ah! I should've gone."
"damn bro. Wish I woulda gotten that earlier!! Ha"
"Drums for the new song are sounding sweet!!! :D Can't wait to show you guys!"
"Great point. However, dinosaurs had brains while the lowly roach did not! One successfully adapted; the other not!"
"Jase is my new favorite!! Hahaha."
"Cruel? No! Kind! They're on all month! Featured in May: It's the Neighborhoods and all neighborhood programs!"
"Just got it, looking forward"
"..desrve !!! See you on stage again very soon !!!"
"that's right! Moo it up."
"Hear my prayer god give ear to the words of my mouth psalms 54:2."
"It was wonderful hearing your story at #smbmsp. Inspirational. Thank you!"
"Just one of those late nights were everybody is sleep and your bored 😒"
"Yeah it may be on now. My brother just said he,s watching it now. It comes on twice though"
"Home to multitudes, Birthing foxes & midges, Their woods is now logged."
"are you excited for #BoyzHitDallas ?"
"Jan 70, 000 LA HOMELESS HOUSE THEM NOW!BUY MORE HOUSING SOLUTION! HOUSING is a human need like food . thank you"
"Have a great weekend everyone!"
"The people who make a difference are not the ones with the credentials, but the ones with the concern. -Max Lucado"
"I second that!"
"& what would that be?(:"
"#hairtip Brush your hair before washing it to remove dirt and get rid of knots."
"M love pedicures!"
"not arguing about Ryan's actions, just about how you're trying to make people react."
"I just asked B to stop moving my iPad screen since I'm trying to work and he said, \"No, I am trying to work!\". Busy little guy I guess..."
"#WelcomeBackAndy great to see Pettitte come back"
"My earphones broke 😞"
"too bad you are not at #ncmpr2012 hope all is well. San Fran is awesome!"
"Thanks for the RT! :) How's the NYC travel blogging crew?"
"The other day I answered the first survey I've ever encountered that offered a fill-in-the-blank option for \"Gender.\" I feel so free."
"Can't wait to join you there!!! :)"
"At CUT recording latest Sam's Club radio spot..."
"Lesson to people on the wait list. Going up to the host stand 80 times is not going to open up a table."
"i know.."
"MTV 2 is the WAVE TONIGHT !"
"#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Saying 'I love you' when it's only the first date."
"I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around with his secretary. If it's somebody else's secretary, fine. ~ Barry Goldwater"
"In Whedons America all citizens will be issued Buffy box sets at age 14"
"Happy Birthday Nathan Ryan!!!"
"I'm thinking it going to be Batista, I hope, anyway whatever it may be, its more exciting than wwe."
"Eat - sleep and breathe guitar"
"Fish fry at the elk lodge."
"Wish that payday was today"
"When someone doesn't fit, it is figured out locally and within the team."
"#RT if you are a #TRUEBELIEBER (: !"
"I don't understand how this R & D works. Where do you put the exobytes in? People are LOST."
"I'm not really digging the whole \"powdered\" thing that Berman keeps throwing down."
"I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. But that's only because I love you so much and I don't wanna lose you <3"
"I love you ! I have every episode of Anderson on my DVR and I haven't missed an episode yet!<3 you're amazing!!!"
"Hey it's BK, With March Baldness in full swing, who has the best hair in Rock n Roll?"
"Dear : 3mbps down and I pay for \"Turbo\"? Doesn't help that your tech help call center is unavail."
"The #LAKINGS know how to hustle on the ice!"
"I know who said that :) RT Heard #throwbackweekend \" is like my Dad, feel like I could get great advice from him\""
"is the reason why \"NPR rocks\" at !"
"I think I'm going to put my first book out about sprouts with recipes and stuff. It's an easy way to boost your nutrition."
"How easy for you to now be with someone else... Truth be told... Completely breaks me... What do I do with this?"
"Moorea is watching that sun. It's starting to show, let's cross our fingers! ;-)"
"A man cannot directly choose his circumstances, but he can choose his thoughts, and so indirectly, yet surely, shape his circumstances.~ Na"
"Which part is the surprising part for you?"
"hahaha what are you trying to say?!?"
"Still Bobby Roode."
"I can't believe it's only 3"
"You use Rockmelt?"
"#Steelers pick LT Mike Adams in 2nd round!"
"#InCaseYouDidntKnow my entire future depends on what happens on may 23rd at 10:00 in the morning."
"We will have Davis, Teague and Lamb soon, give me a few days and i will release the information!"
"I think about a year. Got a big splash and buzz on launch. That's harder outside of Media Central."
"I mentor a 13-yr-old girl through Big Brothers Big Sisters, and she's glued to her smartphone/Facebook as well!"
"cool, I got scared haha"
"Im not lucky Im blessed :-)"
"agree with your assessment...I think my favorite is Gwyneth."
"Wat u want RT bring me something."
"who wouldn't stay tuned especially 4 you one of my inspirations and reasons i live ♥"
"Thanks for following us as well!"
"I never have time to get ready before my math class. Everyone prob thinks I'm poor and homeless."
"i like where your head is at."
"Just got stiches in"
"I love you, Mommy. I love you, Daddy. You're the best parents a girl could ask for.<3"
": i haven't watched it before but there's a marathon on so i'm getting caught up :)"
"All this studying makes me feel a little sick."
"thank you for the RT Barbra, hope you enjoyed the Elvis pics as much as I did."
"Did you know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round?"
"Timothy Rysdyke's bday circus @ moe bar tonite! He's wearing his onsie so bring your ass down and dance, dance till your dead. 9pm!"
"the fresh new look this week I Need it no Moe red hair 4 a min...summer time.."
"everything's cooler in slow motion"
"yes, I think that as do-gooders , we deserve a treat! :)"
"Thanks for becoming a member of the \"Avsec Nation\" on Twitter! Appreciate the bio editing advice. Will get right on it!"
"I see your a follower of \"The Secret\" Has it helped you in life ?"
"The Melody Goes On: The Evolution of the Melody Maker - Gibson"
"no disagreement"
"Just as I was drifting off to sleep I started to outline one of my ALA presentations in my head. Turned on the light and wrote it down."
"Occupied Wall Street heading for its best month in 20 years - what to make of that?"
"I'm gonna let you down easy I've got a delicate touch, peaches and cream you make a garbage man scream..."
"Baking and pastry vs hot food « jaygatto"
"please. in your admissions essay avoid quoting robert frost and using the marathon you ran as an example of your perseverance. do it for us."
"Really enjoying Mary at Cafe Milan. Franco is such a dear friend!"
"Happy New Year to all our Pageant Friends & to my Friends & Family!!"
"Outlaw aka has been working on his round kick. I think he's just about perfected the move. #kickboxing #pregancy cc"
"“: Want to remind u that the enemy on his best day in 2011 did not take you out on your worst day! YOU ARE STILL HERE!” AMEN."
"Lord forgive me if I'm losing faith..."
"Alls signed up for the Community Fitness challenge! Who's joining me?!"
"Didn't beer club have a field trip there?"
"\"Just because you have a past doesn't mean that you have no future!\" ~Gee in his interview re: Mass Incarceration."
"hey, i love you. and i thought you should know that your amazing and im so lucky to have you. okay bye babe.<3"
"WV is gathering ideas for classroom tchers to get studnts moving in short bursts in their classrooms thought out the day"
"filmed at Barksdale Airforce Base in Bossier City, Louisiana"
"Heading to Muncie tonight with ! Yay!"
"Yea them videos is fina make otha rappers stepp it up or finally give it up!!!"
"last presentation of my college career. & I froze up only to read my notes word for word"
"#dead••RT : No. : Well can you follow back please ?"
"i am thinking gray pin stripes lol lol"
"...fantastic! Thanks, Olen! And thank you, Great screen shots! you've got mad production skills. nice work!"
"lol that sounds like a fair trade. I'll try my hardest"
"Officially on vacation"
"Haven't went running for a while and it shows. Ouch."
"Rue La La has a bridal boutique today... eat your hearts out, brides to be!"
"Thanks SO much for the mention !!!!!!"
"rescue and then no accountability?"
"Oh okay thank you I never understood it."
"#HP7. Sheesh. It's all done."
"COME TO CHICAGO!"
"By the way it's my birthday, but the people that are following me already know that."
"yes there will be a fake rapture but I believe there wil also be a real rapture. Do you agree?"
"For the moment, there is no access to old Jacket magazine contents (issues 1-40). We are working on the problem w/ the old domain. Sorry!"
"Yikes! I've had this! WORST CHICKEN SALAD: T.G.I. Friday's Pecan Crusted Chicken Salad = 1,360 calories! The Nation's Worst Salad"
"Little girl got her hair cut especially for storytime, but there is no storytime today. She's totally adorable though."
"#GoTribe TWO DAYS UNTIL OPENING DAY! #GOTRIBE!"
"what else are you doing this summer Chef?"
"If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong."
"there is always sex lol"
"Enjoy it Shelly. Happy to know there is new influence about to come through your pen :) cheers"
"how long haven't we talked like eighty years?lol"
"Evan turner traveled soo bad...smh at"
"you serious???"
"thanks for sharing the Baltimore love, Michael!"
"It seems like Everytime I'm around you, were laughing our asses off haha"
"Good morning! Coffee was brewing when I made my way downstairs this morning. That's a great way to start the day!"
"is safe so happy im throwing up! Good choice america"
"cool. peace im out :) have fun"
"How can you be a King if you've never won the crown?"
"I do! We both work in the Institute of Texan Cultures -- she's across the floor from me. How do you know her?"
"Today from 5-8 and tomorrow from 12-2, and then same thing next weekend! See you there?"
"we were very happy to host! Looking forward to the next event."
"Wow. I haven't been on here in forever..."
"I need a balloon ...do you have a balloon?"
"I'm not entirely sure, but something tells me you'd better get used to those damned spots."
"Oh it's going to be a long week. , early segment, can't wait for another Thurs. HH w/ !"
"After all the garlic I ate last night - pretty sure my co-workers are going to love me today."
"like men"
"this drive isn't looking pretty. I might make it back by 8..."
"League of Legends Time!"
"Tell me about it. They had questions there that I haven't been teached yet. Like, what the fuck?!"
"ART is one of the strongest forms of expression!"
"“: Am I the only one hasn't seen the #HungerGames yet?” I thought I was :)"
"Just so you know I have been helping despite that she won't say thank you."
"Gotcha. Thanks, as always, for your stellar tweeting. Always informative & interesting."
"no problem :) showed it to me and it was really amazing. You're really talented."
"Right on Pal. See you soon (also full time, haha)."
"just posted the banana ice-cream recipe on pinterest!"
"Thanks!!! Keep listening!! :)"
"Talk about sexy hair ;)"
"oh well paige is this girl that always gets to hang out with JB and shes fake,i cant really explain it but yah"
"RT I coulda sworn I was going 2 DC 2 get a CPAP. Guess u have a few more months of hearing me breathe loud on TV"
"#SkillsOnAThugsResume Bitch-slapping."
"hey did i see you somewhere this week? O_o"
"Headed to a 2 hour aerobic skills workshop"
"Thanks for sharing."
"good luck with everything man!"
"Saw your post on Brady and UA Charged Cotton - interested in writing a product review? DM me. Thanks!"
"EEK!!! OMG I JUST WON MIDNIGHT TICKETS TO NEW MOON FOR TONITE I CALLED THE RADIO PPL AND ANSWERED THEIR QUS. TO WIN AH!! SO HAPPY!!!!"
"Join our Baby Basics Workshop today :30p.m at the Georgia King Village location. Call (973)621-2241 to register!"
"29 days until Build Day!!!! Let the excitement begin for a new year of fun filled activities. Peace,Love, and Habitat to all."
"thanks for the add! Loved your shit, as always, at the portland competition."
"Hi speed chase just blew past me on I-15 S exited Sahara.. 8 cop cars, one black pickup. EEk"
"This is a fun follow RT #1: I heard the Euro was spotted at DisneyWorld wearing a Make-A-Wish T-shirt."
"just arrived this afternoon!"
"I close my eyes, and i can see a better day, I close my eyes and pray. <3"
"Thanks to all of our loyal followers!"
"Question of the day: Do you think humans are innately good or innately evil?"
"\"The past can hurt, you can either run from it or learn from it.\""
"Different ???? Good joke girl lmao"
"Just like , time to #CmdW + get back to it! This shot list isn't going to make itself. (Thanks for nothing, 21st century.)"
"Beware of roving DUI patrols and DUI checkpoints tonight. Check with for up-to-the-minute info on checkpoints in your area"
"And so we go to OT!!!"
"Paycheck in the bank, that means ordering my gear :D"
"Jajaja im so stupid if you gays what to know y tweet me because its so boring"
"very very sweet. Thank you for being there!"
"i agree it is impossible but i would never hurt anyone if they dont hurt me first"
"Browne's current work on Gorillas. Known only by small bits until 1858. Wolf 1858 was the public image and substitute specimen."
"Scott Baker will hopefully have a solid night, but with hime aside, our bats need to WAKE UP."
"Does it really matter JPB?"
"Just found out there's a bake-off at Union Square this wknd, so I basically just found out I will be a WINNER this wknd."
"I saw a fat lady with a \"M.O.B.\" tattoo on her arm. I asked \"money over bitches?\" She said \"No, McDonalds over Burger King."
"It's time to stop talking about problems of the past and embrace the future. Nathan Fletcher is our city's best choice for mayor.Pass it on!"
"Wonderful work you are doing in Indy! Congratulations for remembering your roots. We need more like you."
"#SophomoreYearTaughtMe I got haters. Oh well, Its all good 😏👌✌"
"Getting excited for race weekend"
"Thank You Joan for ♥"
"Thanks to all who stopped by during #tasteofmadison this weekend! Was a ton of fun, already looking forward to next year!"
"It's about to get clucky up in here."
"so great seeing u"
"thanks friend! cant WAIT til next weekend!!"
"Bosh you still suck!"
"Even my music slowed down! #easylistening? RT : Is time at a standstill today?"
"GET CHO ASS BACK ON"
"Congrats Adam!"
"History Professor"
"\"You're very clever, young man, very clever,\" said the old lady. \"But it's turtles all the way down!\""
"come back!"
"RT If you think should win the grammy for Best Album Of The Year"
"what's up stranger"
"Happy Birthday Peace And Blessings."
"Let me know that I do not have a car lol"
"Good morning tweets! Great time at Harah's last night. Hope you all have a great week-end!"
"i cant help but wonder the natural progression of the ranking algoryrithm used in my lotto app is a word counter, is it a derivitve?"
"get up to 88 mph and fly. Unless you don't have a flux capacitor."
"Mobile rich media achieves 2.5 times higher interaction than standard banners. www.zesmo.com"
"You always did look the best in Green and Gold IMO"
"Bob: You need fluids. Here. Bill: Is beer a fluid? Bob: Of course it is. What about all that wet stuff in it? Bill: I thought that was beer?"
"does lady gaga follow you? If she doesnt do you want me to DM her your twittttaaah? :)"
"I want those model bitches with the huge asses"
"I've got my feet on the ground and I don't go to sleep to dream... you've got your head in the clouds; you're not at all what you seem."
"u was ready! Lol."
"Very True!"
"Almost like being in Florida! :) It's about the same temperature here today."
"that's funny"
"Hey !!! I do the third one"
"WHY YOU NO TWEET ME? :("
"250 FREE business cards w/purchase of Design. Already have one? 1000 Business Cards for $39.99!!! Call 720-542-6105"
"Nobody fully understands me, I don't even fully understand myself most times"
"If yall looking for beats fuckz with dude got some heat. We going get it in soon."
"Good try #Barca. I can't say I'm truly sad or upset since my team is !!!"
"thank you!"
"I share the sentiment as I'm hoping to have a home office by the end of the summer. Sticky table for now. :)"
"I've been reading the blog his mom writes for a year and a half and it has seriously changed my life."
". you said bad weather at 6. I don't trust you radar tracking skills."
"BREAKING: President Obama becomes first ever US President to support same sex marriage...wow our President rocks"
"thanks man"
"As a skinny guy who loves pizza, the \"pizza racer\" is my worst enemy."
"Thanks for the #FF! Luna wants to meet Sooki :-)"
"hey man, just wanted to thank u for signing my football a few years ago @ camp. It was the only one I got cuz we got dumped on"
"We are clearly double tweeting... and tweeing too late at night b/c \"mailing list\" was meant to be \"waiting list\""
"Slow sports news days that also coincide with no meaningful sports to watch on tv that fall on a monday...suck bad"
"Check out our new twitter for draft advice and to keep up with all that is happening in the NFL and its fantasy relavence."
"summer artists are playing an ice breaker game at today's marketing workshop. What was your first #concert ?"
"What motivates you? What skills are required to be a lifelong learner?"
"good night Tweety!"
"u really funny bra!! One WR cant stop us bro! When we score 50 on yall dont choke on that Turkey n Dressing!"
"Exctied for our recruitment lunch tomorrow! Hope to see you there, free will be provided!"
"RT : This isn't fun anymore guys."
"Starting my last final of the school year. My summer is about to start, answering the question of, \"What do you like about being a teacher.\""
"I created a monster RT : Such upsets!! Such upsets!!"
"and Bday jam with and friends getting it in @"
"You better Belize!"
"I hate crappy texters."
"Come and feel the Monday blues go away with a ZUZU grilled chicken or Mahi Mahi salad."
"93% of all greeting cards are purchased by women"
"best adventures"
"4 press pool rpts, u r entertaining, u should folo around but secret service & prob won't allow that"
"nice spot! “: Many more submissions today than usual! You guys must of dug through Mom's shoeboxes...”"
"who said that?"
"Thank you both for coming and being involved with the forum!"
"PISCES PARTY: ZODIAC at HAVANA tonight!!! 9pm featuring SEAN CEE, DEV from ABOVE and STELLA ROSE for your audio and visual pleasure. PARTY!"
"So sorry to hear this. What a sweet man!"
"'Are you okay?' 'NO. I'm bleeding because it's fun.'"
"Yes. Your lips must be moist. Also, short fingernails help for the half-notes."
"I can't wait for Thursday! I know it's going to be a blast!"
"Now THAT's a recommendation if we've ever heard one!"
"Thanks Mona, I just may :) Depends on what I'm doing by the time the audition arrives..I'll keep you posted!"
"Do you guys have a P.O. Box or anything like that?"
"I think it really depends on how you look at it. Nobody is proven, but what if the Chiefs like most of the dev. guys?"
"#wardamneagle Auburn's #4, and #camnewton is trending worldwide:) what a great weekend!"
"Total BS call."
"Teach your child to be a good steward of money. Open a savings account for them. - Curtis May"
"dont worry, i wont date him :p ~Devin.Anne<3"
"Hey Mike, just so you know, Kenny Werner is also going to be doing a FREE and open to the public masterclass at Levine on Sat."
"Kinda dreading formal now. That gym is small and I cant avoid the people i want to avoid:P"
"“Sometimes, karma doesn't work that's why revenge is essential.”"
"So today I walked back into my 1st Equity Chorus Call in 2 years...prior to the audition I was laughing out of control - NERVOUS TWITCH?"
"RT : i just wish there was some way of knowing what would happen if a mildly retarded repub guv from texas became president."
"Today I realised that when you blink really fast it looks like a strobe light. I've been having random parties throughout the day."
"how old is that?"
"No Justin Bieber at Party In The Park? BO!"
"Here I am!"
"are you coming to Drexel University for homecoming?!?! I really hope so!!!! YOU ARE THE BEST!!!!! :) :) :)"
"Happy birthday, Mr. Shakespeare! Almost 450 years and still going strong. :)"
"givin up on your tigers?"
"RT I believe ehhts real, I dont believe in ehht (: i believe in the New World Order"
"RT : State of Black Women's Health @ Barbara Jordan Conference Center, The Kaiser Family Foundation."
"He did not just say hip hop fairy tale lol"
"Wow many new followers since I last logged in! Lots of stuff going on, including"
"What's this for?"
"RT : Bawling. Just Bawling. We love you and we're so proud of you!"
"#Mccovey's Walnut Creek third packed, lame crowd, good service right now"
"Meanwhile... I study 😓"
"I billion Catholics know the date and time - we still don't want abortion on demand."
"honestly.....I just wanna know how I did. I literally only have1 grade"
"hahaha. Food is delicious. :)"
"Good morning yall! Have a great day :)"
"Just had my interview at the for - so much fun. I'll let y'all know when it's up!"
"your lame (:"
"You know what will make you warm on a cold day like today? Jerk Chicken."
"Sonic, there are four people here. There is no reason for this 14 minute wait for a drink."
"I ain't here for a long time, but I'm here for a good time."
"What century does Gingrich think this is? #fldebate English-only is not a key to stirring the melting pot."
"Thanks man- have a good weekend"
"By chpt 20, already have a renewed confidence to not be a wallflower. Ready to build relationships w/ colleagues far-n-wide."
"if u gunna dm about what u dnt like about me idc b.c I dnt need 2 be liked by u"
"a good bunch of friends and I were discussing your stores last night and the lack of them in Geauga co. Bainbridge Middlefield"
"Uh oh Avon! Prom Week!"
"What is God saying to you right now?"
"i know"
"We should all be proud to be who we are, but also embrace others, similar or different."
"Good trolling, bro! RT : the good, hard working folks of Chicago are sick of looking at you hippie queers in tight jeans."
"Definitely a little scared now... 3 huge fires in 3 days..."
"Trophy's this Saturday 11 pm. at Trophy's."
"RT Mussel bisque is literally to die for. Great happy hour, amazing food, serious good times... [Thanks!]"
"I'm creeped out by people who follow me on Instagram but have no pictures of their own."
"less I have to read about him the better."
"I drive, you buy???"
"ahh man facebook picture is like a year old, and twitter one was old too, need a new one."
"I hate my parents"
"Sounds Awesome!RT : Kajagoogoo is back! Tonight is 80s night at Oliver's (Cask) & the 6B Lounge. \""
"what content specialty your doing?"
"FREE TICKETS are still available for our 5/27 show @ Peabody's! Contact us on facebook, myspace or whatever we'll mail you some. Thanks CLE"
"“ *Finds out crush isn't at school today* 'Damn ... wasted outfit.' #ThatsLove ;)” Shelby<3 hah"
"#theawkwardmoment when doesn't notice you"
"Friday! FridaY! FRIDAY! Who will be spending Friday, June 15th at the Cool Creek Concert Series to see Polkaboy?!?"
"Repair or Repipe - The 1st step is having an experienced plumber from Plumbing Plus assess your situation 858-486-4070"
"We can't watch it! It's blocked in America because of EMI content! Is there another site you could upload it too? or yousendit?"
"I swear, referees kill NBA games. And the commish allows it to happen. Only the bandwagon are gullible not to realize this..."
"Always seems like when you do yard-work or wash your car, it rains. :-)"
"check out my meetup group Genuine Girlfriends of New York City! We have couples meetups and more!"
"i think i would cry omg."
"So psyched my brother is visiting for the night!! My dog is confused because we look alike. LOL!"
"probably many coaches that choose to coach their kids the correct way. Or, the antithesis, those that over recruit-0 ethics"
"So far my grades are a B+ and an A+,oh yeah :)"
"Sunbathing on sunny days with clouds in the sky can be dangerous."
"No matter what obstacle is in front of you, you should always tackle it head on, or jump over it."
"Thrilled to be launching into 's talk, \"Planned Obsolescence: Publishing, Technology, and the Future of the Academy.\""
"Childhood is like being drunk, everyone remembers what you did, except you."
"you guys make some awesome pickles! 2-4 weeks isn't soon enough!"
"Hey there. Good to see you on here."
"sun is shining - the weather is sweet"
"Strategies to put in place to motivate the #GenY workforce. Key takeaways: inspire and reward:"
"Yes, it is. Just back from staying in hospital with a friend this week. It's hard to RT in the no cell areas. !ill catch up."
"You woke up this morning for a reason. So keep pushing."
"sorry i missed you at la fuente! let's meet up in milwaukee sometime soon though for lunch :)"
"you're just straight taking Men's Humor tweets. get your own shit."
"Surprised the phone book delivery peeps didn't leave my books by the garage door. They trekked up my icy walk to the front door!"
"best band ever!"
"If u were turned away 4 free slush tix exchange=Our mistake>Come back w/ ur ticket & we will honor>apologies 4 misunderstanding"
"Awww... Charlie should've been there :( however things ended, he made the success of that show possible."
"Also, whomever runs the jams here at Garber Field needs to program my iPod."
"Atlanta radio. Mid day nostalgia."
"Made myself chocolate chip pancakes and pork roll"
"Fresh To Death 2nd Edition coming son and it goes SO SO SO hard! :) putting a preview up later!"
"It is so wonderful to reconnect with you via the social media world!"
"I miss Fall Out Boy :("
"make that 3 nights in a row,"
"Couldn't agree more. RT : RT : Project manager is a must for app development"
"I hear that!"
"Trekking to Kemah for the 3rd night of gigs in a row! Come party!"
"you in Indy? Find me I live on the near eastside. Murder everyday"
"that was hilarious. Cocky in the toilet!"
"They were talking about me in Hummingbird."
"Amy, lesson from yesterday, don't forget about indigenous peoples!"
"Oh yah watching never say never at 1:30 in the morning!!! :D"
"Signed on to direct my next gig July 9th. Word"
"RT : Covering Magie Brooks. \"The Decision.\". I'm taking my talents to...."
"really hype bout the popup"
"I compared card sort tools, decided they'r inadequate & went w/ SAS in house. I like my stats precise"
"New twitter name and it's just for fun library stuff."
"I just realized; to make a 90 degree turn in your car you must make a 180 degree turn on your steering wheel."
"NEXT TIME YOU BY KL WE NEED TO WORK ON A TRACK MY NIGGA.. HE JUST DID MY SAINTS SONG.. HIT ME BACK BIG BROTHA"
"#dabulls compete with the best. No matter what!"
"hey you remember how dominant Josh smith was in 2K back in the day? Lol"
"hey can you please follow me back? :)"
"Marion's release is so weird."
"not so much lol"
"Tony Stewart 3rd at Darlington not bad"
"#liesthatalwaysworked \"mom i dont feel good\" you can stay home from school..."
"It's so warm out there that hipsters are using the fans in their MacBook Pros to keep cool."
"hahaa bro keep doin your thang on that court!"
"Rest in Hell, JoPa."
"is bullying a problem in your school? have you ever been bullied? tune into Nick News Oct 3rd EST for \"Sticks, Stones & Cyberslams\""
"Shout out to the #V6M team great stuff last night!... stoked about the possibilities!!"
"Simplicity we use to survive......"
"i cant wait for the Olympics. i like the Olympics."
"Fridays: pets up for adoption here at WAND! Just had the cutest 3 y/o poodle mix on named Gumdrop. So tempted to adopt another..."
"Our plan for when Kieran turns 13: give him Catcher in the Rye & a Smiths albums. Maybe a Danzig or Meshuggah album, too. AND LOTS OF PINS!"
"Did attend the #dolan presser? I guess that's even rarer than"
"but brO I'm bought to go into depression cause my player lost yesterday and the fuckin laker won today :|"
"some of my favorites. GM to you all."
"You can tell a lot by a quick intvu on a night like this..RG3 seems cool, calm, collected"
"I know I know. Mr king is the man"
"Pretty sure it's not normal how excited I get over new office supplies."
"Hurry up and get one!!!RT Is in desperate need of a beer pong table!!!! >:("
"Praying for your happiness , hope that you recover."
"Tell me about it!"
"how is Twitter working for you! there are so many librarians on here and exciting discussions! hop on in!"
"When I met the boys at a concert in Oregon :) Oh, wait..."
"Airport bar"
"Anyone notice how Republicans now sound exactly like DFLers did during Pawlenty's second term? The more things change..."
"CHIMPS - Changes in Mandatory Program Spending #hfhp11 Even mandatory programs can be gutted by appropriations committee."
"A Met Museum security guard accidentally shot himself in the leg today, while cleaning his handgun in a basement locker room. He's stable."
"Thanks for the RT! :)"
"AUSTIN'S DOING A USTREAMM!!!"
"Raaaad. RT A bunch of & related stuff got name-dropped by rad people over on Destructoid, too! bit.ly/rHx6Vb"
"Lolol as I was just apologizing for being #extra during this show!"
"Im good thanks"
"Ironically, I like book version of Margaret and not the John. But I like the movie John and not Margaret."
"If you're a cook or culinary student in the L.A. area and would be interested in a stage/intern/extern opportunity in June, let me know."
"Well So Am I , But I Dont Really Show It LOL"
"Another monday tomorrow..: ( they make me cry."
"Young American poets - UCLA students - are reading their poems to a full crowd in Powell Library's East Rotunda!"
"We will holdin auditions soon for twerkers that is able to travel an do shows wit us. U must b 18 or older.... Dm if interested"
"Studying for my CDL"
"I think it's because they are selfish. They can't fathom why anyone would support a cause for selfless reasons."
"Sometimes, it's just too hard.."
"is looking for a flash developer - NYC"
"Hi..u helped me make a link to get people to donate to my Walk 4 Autism..i was wondering, do you know how to make a..."
"I do think that those who risk capital should have the ability to see commensurate reward. yet why do we have safety nets for oil/gas?"
"I don't need sht I juss want sht"
"Wow, 25 years of Fox. Seems like only yesterday I was watching Married with Children, The Simpsons and Get A Life on Fox 32 Chicago."
"sounds like someone's got her married buzz on from the wedding;)"
"Where's Karen, Amy Pond!?!?!?! I must have missed something... I hate being \"across the pond.\""
"Egh! I don't have time to get it fixed and I leave the country tomorrow for vacation! 😢"
"Sure! Where/when do you want to meet up? I'm staying in Ring A wing (by Cadboro Commons)."
"If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go and why?"
"#lessexcitingbandnames Jay-Zed"
"It's amazing how well one can play basketball when they aren't busy pouting."
"Thank you to all of my new followers. I have not been able to log in to say thanks lately. I appreciate all of my followers.:)"
"Mr.Thunder6+Octave voice=Singing any musical key of notes in6places fluidly.4any M/F2achieve this u need2hav similar chemistry&wishUwere me!"
"An ugly personality destroys a pretty face."
"thanks for the #FF shout out! Happy Friday!"
"Lights, Camera, Action - Upward Motion Personal Training’s On-Line Video Channel Exercise Video Line-Up"
"whenever you like my dear!"
"Us too... RT : Listened to Pearl Jam/Cameron Crowe doc on driving home. I was a socially awkward 12 yr old again."
"Your headed in the right direction, no doubt about that. I love the fact that you have so much pride in the city and state!"
"Mfs kills me"
"Neighbors on flight SO excited for their vacation: I was happily skipping toward my next flight before I remembered: I'm on a work trip."
"“: RT : What inspires you? Tell us in three words with #Your3Words. We go live tomorrow!” Hearing good music!"
"Congrats to fellow Morehouse Man Lamell McMorris on signing Cam Newton as his co-agennt along with Bus Cook."
"Enjoy something green today"
"i'm about my fans the street made me Don Bivè im not up tight like how i was before i got shot thinking im better then every one"
"Isolates are important if you are a brand, if you are a community you want connections"
"End of 1 in DC and the #Caps up 1-0. Could be 3-0. Should be 3-0. Hope that doesn't bite us."
"Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must. ~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe"
"and idk do you want her to come?"
"After a great NHL day yesterday today is about as uneventful as I've seen in awhile"
"5 Augmented Reality Apps for Reporters Abroad (actually good for anybody that wants to translate using phone camera)(Mashable):"
"DM received, thank you. checking on this now"
"... Old School Saturday"
"Today's question: what is the one song by that you could have playing on repeat all day long and still absolutely love it?"
"Gremlin is the hormone your body secretes when you feed after midnight."
"crap i didn't even think of that..maybe my dad left some here before he left..his drawers haven't been touched in years..hmm.."
"An Elon Musk project delayed? Why I never..."
"When hard work puts money in the bank, It usually ends up going into the gas tank."
"Walking to school and work today, I need to get my license."
"I got a scratch on my face & don't even know what it's from.. 😲"
"Last year my pregnant daughter convinced me she was in labor and driving to the hospital by herself."
"I haven't seen stuff like this on the #royals mound since that kid that wanted to be traded. #duffy is solid!"
"Good morning to the stressed out ppl I know your pain"
"“: RT “: its a gift I was born with”<--- shiiiittttt yeah right.”<< #weak in tears"
"The nose tackle key to that defense-this pick make Perry look better."
"RT : Congrats to fellow Madisonians for their big win at the #ETIS12 Innovation Incubator Program last night!"
"Adam said novel plot was complicated. I said that's good, things are complicated..."
"Wtf... Lol RT Want to advertise your Business or Twitter Account? Hit up for Rates..I will get you seen!"
"CONFIRMED: Despite reports, Allen Moore, PIO of Orange Co. Corrections Dept. says Zimmerman is 'NOT being held by Orange Co. Corrections.\""
"Boozer is such a bad defender!!! They teach you in High School to cut off the baseline!!! SMH"
"Discipline creates freedom."
"I wondered why my boss put me in a listening skills class when I \"teach\" speaking and comm skills..."
"More like, hilarious on so many levels. :D"
"“The days distractions always leave me unprepared for the nights loneliness when missing you is the worst.”"
"Yes, thank you! I think so also! I was looking through old pics 4 my uncle 2 find 1 he wanted to use 4 the memorial/funeral!"
"Someone start Pinstagram then sell it for $2 billion and give me half."
"TONIGHT... B-A-H hits the stage at 10p at French Quarter for Jazzfest Series...WE GET IT IN!!"
"some trees are nicer than others, but it's hard to know if the optimal one was chosen. Many would be just fine."
"no more #soparopa coupon? i want to transfer my domains to you but can't make that coupon work - thanks!"
"yay cocaine i was joking wth my friend and i said we should make cherry cocaine u in :-)"
"Cute dog."
"im confused....jealous of whom?? {im praying its me LMAO}"
"its up to you brow I got a lil regggg"
"Is there still spirits in your house from Mackeys?"
"wouldn't that make it better??"
"Yes, but the prize is better."
"I have been searching for a women since August...n a nigga still empty handed with a spacious heart *"
"If they had twitter accounts, who would have more followers? Jesus or Bob Marley?"
"It's okay! I figured you would be somewhat tired after a long day and all. :) No need to apologize"
"thanks for the inspiration on humpday! (yesterday)"
"I hope I catch this fish 🐠"
"Thanks so much Pat! We are so glad that you came to the show!"
"Me: \"do you think homeless guys hook up w/ homeless girls?\" : \"probably under the bridge?\""
"Holy heck, that was a show last night. Dayton OH, Trolley Stop tonight. There will be no fun at this show."
"thank you for following."
"at least the tax bill will be lower!"
"Amy please follow me I'm ur biggest fan"
"Haven't even taken off my cost or purse yet and I'm already pouring myself a glass of wine at home."
"Morning, sunshine(s) ! Thanks for the follow, yo."
"I love you both <3"
"THOUGHT IT WAS OVER WHEN WE ARE JUST GETTING IT TOGETHER TO BE BETTER..STREET SPEAK RADIO WHERE COMEDY MUSIC AND HIP HOP CULTURES COLLIDE"
"exactly!!! any guidance?"
"he thinks he's a young kobe"
"some people think one day computers will be smarter than people except people are not very smart"
"A: While students also carry responsibility to join and socialize, it is the GSA's job to become more of a presence on campus."
"gettin' good stuff done!"
"There's a party on 5th ave, hit me if you trynaaaa go(;"
"Wow ?Felon?"
"U don't know Street Lit. if U don't know Street Lee! www.AuthorStreetLee.com"
"seriously I just can't get enough!!! Have you seen glorious 39 it's my new favorite movie"
"I know ! I was freaking out ! Hopefully it's soon !"
"Hey, we're open, with guest bartenders Darcie & Sky!"
"Heading to Phoenix tomorrow to meet with Tina Hockmuth and team!"
"I have no clue haha. And the fact that we pronounce butter as budder."
"RT : \"Rather than shrinking away from your problems, grow bigger than them.\" - Zig Ziglar"
"'Abdu'l-Bahá’s train is leaving the station. He’s riding the New York Central railroad, heading 350 miles east to Cleveland."
"Austin Is Crushing? I'd Die If I Loose My Hubby D; </3 LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU (: <333"
"Turn Out the Lights, Party is over fo Cardinals"
"i wouldent. its crazy when people do that"
"RT : Beyond the paper transcript, digital portfolios paint a more complete picture of students' personalities and..."
"I followed can u please follow me"
"We hope everyone's having a wonderful Easter break! (getting #pumped for ) /yd"
"Sometimes I get so passionate for gay rights that I forget I'm gay. Awkward..."
"I still can't breathe! OH MY GOD!"
"Happy Friday! All day you call-it $9.88 tans! Time to get Halloween HOT!"
"“: I don't care what cha say....the Clippers being in the playoffs, just seems ODD.”"
"Congrats to former colleagues at on the move to FM"
"we have such a loving friendship"
"Tracey v. Solesky just turned a pit bull into the underwriting equivalent of an unfenced swimming pool with legs."
"We've just reached 100 followers!!! So exciting !Thanks Rochester!! we will be tweeting soon!!!"
"2 all gamers r last.fm page has been updated new pics, bio, and tracks! More 2 come...."
"Yes, I think freshly-squeezed lemon drops would be wonderful. You should see the size of these lemons - more like grapefruit."
"it's not photoshop... it's Styrofoam painted black and but into a circle then cut more and glued to my head.."
"Staying at the Fairmont too for #hicss. Love the sunrise/sunset guide during turndown service. You are right; it's the best!"
"hell u up to nigga"
"\"Name?\" \"Anna Ross.\" \"Anna Roth?\" \"No, Anna Ross.\" \"Anna Roth?\" \"Anna Ross. Ross.\" \"*silence*\" \"As in Dress For Less.\" \"Oh.\""
"I had a great Mother's Day. Virginia told me she wished every day were Mother's Day. Ha!"
"Google Places has a dashboard where you control everything about your business."
"new hair a color a success, lol double takes, lol"
"I feel like I have been waiting for this day for longer than my 21st birthday.. 😌"
"Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom. Hannah Arendt"
"That's a good comparison, though. Griffin does remind me of LJ now that I think about it."
"tell Ersky to give you some if he hasnt already...."
"Why is it so windy"
"West Mifflin Area Middle school we'll see you today at 6pm with and the street team!"
"Leap, and the net will appear. John Burroughs"
"Bagel guy = not as cool as halal cart vendor"
"Can't believe it's my birthday tomorrow!!! :D"
"Sow praises unto Him.. Reap the blessings of his promises.."
"Please Spay and Neuter."
"“My athlete son’s recovery time is quicker than those of his mates and he is always healthy even when those around him are sick.”"
"probably the asshole who cut you off this morning using the exit lane :-P"
"got to hang with my nephew today. always a pleasure to be around my baby boy!"
"Dying. Lol'ing."
"follow me now"
"Now up 83.3% on the year. We are, hands down, the most successful option trading advisory service in America! www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com"
"int for what?"
"tupelo with leah. :)"
"Can't wait to see later !!"
"Just an FYI: The planes overhead are the U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds not the U.S. Navy Blue Angels."
"Thanks so much for the follow, Caleb! Check out my music if you have time. Hope you like it <3"
"Thanks!! I am blessed to have two talented sisters and a very smart french chef of a boyfriend to put it all together!"
"#oldguyat the airport is listening to the news on his iPad...WITH NO HEADPHONES!!"
"You are your controlling force, the only relevant locus of control is internal."
"lmfaoo that's a no no"
"please don't forget to find and friend us at www.Facebook.com/TheSlidersMusic !!"
"She knew she wanted to say somethin to me but she didnt cuz my family was there"
"My 9:35 class was cancelled, ergo, making french toast."
"- pre-bcs...irrelevant argument. LSU is unbeatable anyway especially in the dome."
"great tips, thanks for sharing! have a great weekend. :)"
"And his catching mitt is made out of dough! RT Doumit had 5 DPs in 236 PA last year. Again: that's 3 in his first 20 of 2012."
"#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 46F FAIR"
"u know I am tho"
"The guitarist for Accept is wearing an Accept t-shirt."
"I dont know just yet...... you get my txt about it??"
"my bday passed got a cute guitar!!!feb,22"
"\"Winner: Best Short Film\" Directed By: Peter Meech \"Cockpit: The Rule of Engagement\" * Directed by: Jesse Griffith"
"#Tents are an expensive temporary solution. There's a choice of prefab shelters from all over the world. Why the push for tents?"
"cant wait for #BELIEVE!!! IM GETTING IT IN NOVEMBER THE DAY IT COMES OUT!! love u Justin!"
"oh. it's almost midnight?"
"This is. turning out to be a GREAT birthday(:"
"Happy New Year, ! Can't wait to see how you Caucus on Tuesday. I love politics, admire yourself and my home state."
"I wish for small things"
"If you have a handicap parking pass or a rosary you should not be allowed in the fast lane. #55doesn'tmean45"
"Doctors cite lung cancer worries for Port Augusta"
"We go to college to get a good job to buy an expensive tv to watch truck drivers on the discovery channel."
"i followed you"
"fucking hell lucy, whereve ya been?!"
"Keep calm, steep, drink."
"In New York City its illegal to smoke cigarettes in parks. Central ark is 843 acres ..."
"I spy anecdotal evidence."
"I remember you competing for the IPAD2!!! How are you doing? Was ASTD 2011 good for you? Did you get time to enjoy Orlando?"
"Sometimes I wonder what me and you could've been..."
"That's not their biz model. MT Just got a call from my advisor. has never called me to talk investments."
"Having a great time.... I wish I did not have to leave in 2 days so much more of Rome to see."
"\"I think that some employees welled up with tears because the polenta was so good.\" Doing our part to create tears of joy."
"... I was right by JoAnns when you were there!"
"November: a good time to think about starting/refreshing your small business Schedule an appt w/ a counselor at Bus Ownrshp Initiative"
"I'm saying everyone that goes out this weekend wears a shirt that say creature. Well i will atleast :) see ya Saturday"
"What I don't get is if 'we refused to run' you could possibly be chasing the sun."
"People kill me with these tweets they call #random. Isn't Twitter about speaking your mind to whoever us listening?"
"what's your blog again? my friend is getting into gardening and she needs some resources."
"Chelsea win 3 games in a row in 3 different competitions under new manager RDM. We are back in business. :-D"
"would u eat a dwarf's pussi"
"I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! I didnt mean to hurt you! I didn't mean to do anything! Please. Everyone fucks up.."
"MT Nice review paper on effects of in-store marketing on #food choices, Am Journal of Preventive"
"Liking someone you know you'll never get is the most frustrating thing ever."
"Is still having a concert on 8/3/2012 there?"
"jamie looks like hes on drugs every time hes on the show."
"Thanks so much! Another blip on my odometer!"
"Lonnie Bunch-Collaborations are an opportunity for conversations between museums and add to the depth of scholarship."
"Ernst Gräfenberg was another German-speaking Jewish scientist involved in development of #birthcontrol - he invented the IUD..."
"has an alter ego it's"
"The DC Hackathon was very impressive! Looking forward to Maker Mondays!"
"First day no soda.. I think I may be losing my mind calling people the wrong names and dropping a bowl of crackers! Go Me!!!!"
"Douche bags"
"Can't nobody tell me nuthing (nothing)..."
"So sore from tubing. Omg."
"Apologies >> RT : Incorrect info has been circulated. #AutoZone does not sponsor ANY politically focused shows."
"“: Romney: \"True, I hazed a gay kid. But it's not like I tied him to the roof of my car (evil laugh).\"”"
"We're betting on what shares of Facebook will cost by closing bell at my office. May be more profitable than actually buying shares."
"score! Yotes imploding before our eyes"
"May be a dog fight 4 #mgt413caw title tmrw! If papers r indicator, judges will have tough time! Pressure on 4 wow-factor presentations tmrw!"
"I forgot why I was avoiding Twitter.... Colts. Peyton. Ugh"
"It's a great night. 10/20/30 Percent OFF Everything in the store. Stop by on your way OUT, get a pick-me-up & wrap up some holiday shopping!"
"that's your opinion"
"What ya talking bout nigga it's time to get it."
"Time to get my latest video edited & uploaded for the VIP's. Then vacation #2 for me. I'm sure you know.... I love you all tons! XOXO!!"
"AH AH AH AH AH!!!!! I LOVE sweet potato fries!!!! Life just keeps getting better and better."
"No matter what happens, Larry will NEVER die"
"Hey if you aren't already following you definitely should, her tweets are pretty awesome!!"
"Hi... Glad it's Saturday! Off from work. Studying now for my college class. Plan to jog later 2nite. Hv a nice wk-end Every one!! :-)"
"Happy birthday princess 🎂🎉🎈💃💋"
"sick of what?"
"RT Bout to run to the gas station. I need the exercise. Gas is 3+.."
"Congrats! Proud of you and the team! “: Jumped 13'2.5\", broke the sectional and the school record!! Plus our 4x1 won!!!”"
"Why isn't running an hour long special on their own apology?"
"What you need is to come see me at Wish! :)"
"I am ready to be done with the flu now."
"Wishes everyone a happy mother's day!"
"Money and possessions will not make us happy. You can never get enough of what you don't really need!"
"Just realized that Big Miracle takes place in the same Alaska town as 30 Days Of Night. Vampire whales!"
"Good point, I think they could compete In the Big East But the Big East doesn't even deserve to be a BCS conference anyway"
"Twitter fight :3 Where's my popcorn"
"Why Is Tripping That Kim Kardashian Is Dating Kanye West"
"Elton Brand the only nigga serving..."
"Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 81F Fair: 81F Fair"
"I'm digging the new series Anyone else?"
"Musical Socialites right?"
"Happy mothers day"
"Not feeling too good. HE came home from work. Made me Lunch (in bed). Fed the twins. Did the laundry. Working on dinner"
"Pay attention to the home's surroundings. What is next door? Do 2-story homes tower over your single story?"
"You guys deserved it!! Remember good things come to those who deserve it :)"
"Gameday for my Hoosiers. Basketball season is officially here!"
"thank you all my training partners and Coach Ryan Mann"
"Can somebody help me get and to follow me"
"My father just said he thinks integration was a mistake. Where am I from?!?!?!"
"Session done bouncing tracks getnit in blessed"
"The Hoodie/Rape bait comparison is invalid. Hoodies attract law enforcement! That's the radar these young men need to avoid"
"A true friend is the only person who never gets tired of listening to your pointless dramas over and over again."
"This weekend is gonna help or hurt, but either way, I'm gonna learn."
"I just realized, don't ask me how, that I forgot the Speed Stick this morning. I hope you were not effected by this thoughtless act."
"If you want a better life.. raise your standards."
"Yeah. The Horns took care of business today. Final score #UT 49 - 20 UCLA."
"probably is all-white. 2. I'm tired of colored folk still crying for token roles. That's 1 think I like about Tyler Perry. +"
"The fact that I don't have any history and math classes next year >>>"
"Bout To Shower, Then Hit The Sack , Work In The A.M , Night ! :)"
"pretty sure that this was meant as an ironic statement, no?"
"Big shift in Seattle weather. Sea planes are taking off from other end of the Lake Union."
"Yeah I seen that. Where was Clem?"
"Thanks much for the kind words, Rebecca :) So glad others enjoyed it as much as I have #TRMA585 (and ditto on learning)"
"miss you girl! Hope you're having fun :)"
"Taco bell is nothing!U gtgo to hard rock and have the 10oz burger to measure up- Donethat fries&shake"
"Why don't i see it on ub?"
"At this time our uplink provider seems to have identified and resolved the issues. Our Systems Team will continue to monitor the network^CS"
"Well, thats a wrap on week 3! Had a blast shooting a bunch of our outdoor scenes today with some extremely funny people!"
"Answer: MY GIRL Good job ya'll!!! okay I have one more...."
"I was tryin to go to lai wahs but them sucka was closed they got the best asparagus w/ shrimp"
"I'll go to this one. I've been on travel last couple of times the coaches visited the coast."
"can i get a ride?"
"I know right?!?(: ms rust saw me make that face!(:"
"I've been there! Cool town. Hope we get together some time."
"Go check out K. Sparks, he's got some hot music"
"We needa flush this game out and focus on game 2"
"Yeah I am. However, my call time isn't until 5:30 which is a first for me. I hope you enjoy your day!"
"Indeed! RT : The last 5% of a project is always the worst half of a project. :-)"
"All is well my dude. Still grinding."
"What is not to like about Geithner, He is just a sweetheart just like Rahm. See a pattern here? All thugs...."
"Hey twitter land! Srry I haven't been on lately. :( but I'm on now so anyone wanna chat?"
"Noticed a bad #PeopleSoft habit: adding extra fields to an index to solve duplicate row issues. It's better to find the broken business rule"
". is the only good thing about being at a Knicks game as a Philly sports fan"
"Thanks for your support and fabulous art work"
"i miss u too ;)"
"New company SMF still set to launch this Fall - New MWW Designs site is next ;)"
"at my bestfriends house, while shes at work again... what to do..."
"if you are ever short of time - TRAVAIL can always pop somewhere for a bit of wine tasting to help you out - Lisa x"
"awesome! look forward to it!"
"Babies love typewriters."
"are you here?"
"Check out my new track ft. Drake on myspace at www.myspace.com/theofficialmwillz"
"Yay!! Better put it on your calendar."
"\": #ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate \"What's your name again?\"\""
"I endorse this."
"watches the #SuperBowl, I watch the #commercials. We both enjoy the"
"no I had to kill a bunch lol"
"can you help me get some followers...i follow back :)"
"Somebody just shoot me."
"Hey, I would have selected you #1. Happy shooting."
"Hanging at Nuggets and Lakers practices this morning with Yes we talk to each other."
"Wish your car was better? Let us help on your insurance through"
"Still getting use to TweetDeck. Now following."
"I hate having a job."
"its on fag ! I'm moving so if i beat your shit and look like an asshole oh well !!"
"thanks for the mention!"
"Only 2 more days until 's Houston Press' Concert Series performance at , who's all going?"
"I really love how is always pushing forward"
"Thanks for the RT hope you enjoyed the piece!"
"Hell fuckin yeah!"
"wants to know if anyone wants to go see a movie tonight???"
"Our second new hire starts tomorrow. We've been under-resourced for months now. So. Excited."
"\"oh sometimes I get a good feeling\""
"stop halsey lol"
"Beer and free hot dogs. Perfect end to the work day."
"Cody will probably be late for our wedding too... smh"
"Give me a 140-character synopsis of your newest piece. And GO!"
"merrrrrrrp. me being in the class of 2012 has the best class slogans holy shit"
"I want to do some KAnsas City Chiefing.."
"Awesome. Thanks for the reminder"
"Panel with at , LAT Festival of Books. 10:30, Saturday."
"whoever said tanguay. Looks like Sally Jesse Rafael is 100% right"
"Well begun is half done. ~ Aristotle"
"Spending a Saturday morning having breakfast with my sister and boyfriend. Hooray!"
"I know a hoes be fucking niggas for breakfast after da club ....u. know ...."
"she sang at Cody's Waiting4U tour, she was god!"
"no i wont i hate all marvel characters they suck they are just stupid"
"no way?"
"Our high respect for a well read person is praise enough for literature - T. S. Eliot"
"Congrats to the #Bruins for winning the Cup in 40 years (:"
"I'm going to see tonight come hang out with me?! It's going to be one hell of a night celebrating my sistah's b-day! <3"
"Cool! Thank you. :) I'll tune in."
"seriously needs to play email / blog / thank you card catch-up, but all she wants to do is catch-up on sleep in the city that never sleeps!"
"I KNOW!! So they should be better than you, who knows English as a second language! :P"
": thanks for the shoutout!"
"Foundation funding is 7-8% of overall fundraising giving via wow!!! Did I hear that correctly?"
"Angry whales"
"Game over!"
"thanks! Ill keep posting on what's going on! Ill try to kill it (;"
"I do to brrroooooooo"
"Hope so! : Should Roy Williams start packing? Maybe all that pointing was him telling us he is moving on?"
"going to bed, exercising, Safeway, and pastry are on the agenda for tomorrow"
"Hey Detroit! We want hear your favorite genre of music?"
"ugly schedule. Pray for 2-1 outta last 3. Hope one win is against state!"
"Concerns about privacy with lending through Kindle and Amazon -"
"Thunderstorms and naps go together like beer and pizza. And they all go together on Sundays."
": Sending some love to my new friend"
"Hello Ottawa!!! #TwSIG \"Twitter unites the World\""
"Writing, writing and writing some more."
"When #oomf calls me baby >>>"
"That sounds like a good time all the way around..."
"can you say Richard? And by Richard I of course mean Dick."
"Audrey Hillyer is on the struggle bus today haha"
"is that funny?? Lol"
"DiamondRock Hospitality Company Beats First Quarter 2012 Guidance And Raises 2012 Outlook"
"My LAKERS just got Ramon Sessions!!! Lakers are going for the gold this year!!"
"I can't think of anything but"
"That's what she said"
"east to figure out....Ron Zook could recruit, couldn't coach"
"I Am What I Am If You Cant Accept It Your Cut Off"
"I wonder if Dana is in the cage right now saying do not cuss, Nate, DO NOT cuss."
"Ain't that a bitch... but i hope that bitch is bad"
"Back to work tomorrow (partially, at least) Hello, summer school students."
"If you could have 1 NFL player to build your franchise around, who would it be?"
"Love this metaphor RT : Kindle is OK as far as it goes. Great for travel but not as good as the real thing. Like phone sex."
"\"Happy Star War's Day.\" May the 4th be with you!!"
"Pride, not prejudice"
"so? I have 40 mile run that night. :)"
"I feel like every offseason we all discuss how stupid 88 is."
"I just really wish you knew how much you mean to me..."
"I have a dog. So I tilt my head and pretend to understand Deleuze."
"Okay which is harder to drive NASCAR or IndyCar?"
"Love trying to guess the score of the game based on my twitter feed. Usually am way off."
"This movie is so sad I'm bawling."
"RT : It's trivia night!"
"She got a ass so big like the sun 😝"
"Good to see last night"
"Damn its been a long time since I won Mr. CHS, to this day that was still 1 of the happiest moments of my life."
"Arod is the biggest tool ever"
"HAHAH XD jking ...... um yeah i made it like thin or idk wut i did to it lol"
"It's starting to feel like Florida weather. Eww."
"i cant change the many years of yesterday, but i can do something about my tomorrows...JUST WASNT MY TIME"
"I'm dying to see that show. Been a huge fanatic since way back when. I still listen to the soundtrack!"
"No School For a Week."
"I saw the sign."
"Money From Strangers is so great!"
"my prodigal sister is returning from Australia so I'm for #edcamp sorry!"
"I'm not spam, I am a Milwaukee citizen. It is a local art contest through ArtHouse Reveal..help me out?"
"dig: Fred Hersch Trio's album \"Whirl\""
"Awesome seeing you and the space shuttle. Did y'all stay for the last 2 passes?"
"ugh. coffee is starting to make my tummy hurt.):"
"I finally give in and try to join Pinterest, and now I'm on a waiting list?"
"you are going to have a craving for a few days my friend. We are closed thru Tuesday."
"That was EXACTLY what I.needed! Lol"
"This show is crazy!!!"
"When im bored I take pics and delete most of them -___-"
"well babes I'm off 2 bed! Sweet dreams! & night to all my bitches!! Deuces!!! ;)"
"LOL I bet he makes a killing selling all that, but its got to be super heavy!!!"
"#30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Get her something you think she might like"
"me too! / RT : I wish I was attending presentation right now."
"took a nap/life/grading break from it, about to head back to it in a bit. Thanks for asking."
"If anything, my #jour111 students clearly worked very hard NOT to laugh when that happened, a fact that, in turn, made me want to laugh."
"its always my fault. You should know to text me more than once if I don't reply."
"I don't always agree with the content, but NYRB has been reviewing full seasons as a rule."
"My followers keep growing...what can I say...I'm a badass pig!"
"Who does Samuel L. Jackson have a date with? Is he cheating on Siri with his old flip phone?"
"Jerome Harrison is the dirtiest player in football over the last decade... What an asshole... I'm sure Steelers fans are proud"
"Ok. This is the 3rd time someone had expressly offered me drugs this week...In public."
"Boss out of the office? Turn your co-workers onto www.freekshowradio.com"
"Paul is Justin Timberlake, and Pete cut off his leg? I don't understand this photo shoot..."
"I think as long as it leans toward the funny side it will work. An \"ice breaker\" if you will?"
"Love receiving encouraging emails from Miss you buddy!"
"You must be so proud! What a sweet song!"
"STOP BYE GET FREE TICKECT TO VALENTIMES RAFFLE! FREE LOTTO TICKET BETWEEN 2-4PM SUPPLIES LIMMITED! FROM ! FREE RAFFLE! WE BUY GOLD,SILVER!"
"we drove two blocks, got out of our cars, some dude started saying stuff, got in cars, left. 5 mins of Bmore is all I need lol."
"Fuck off Facebook..."
"Thanks to for the lovely interview this morning! Video and recap will be up on our blog soon."
"Library as Starbucks: place to be a human being"
"Need a HOT #mix from a known #mixer and a top #NewYork #studio? Hit me up"
"Dan Kinsella rocks... Allison needs a cocktail!"
"Have you heard of ? I have not been but heard it is great."
"Thanks for the #FF, and hope you have a fantastic weekend (and good weather!!) :)"
"Steve Blake guarding the Beard should be fun"
"Holy crap! Justin and 1D were in the studio together! Ah can't wait to hear the new music!!!!"
"you'll be fine... yep FB never lies lol"
"A toast to me! I just earned the SOCIAL pin on TouchTunes!"
"time to write my essay! hurry up and just write down random shit"
"Or be rhombus. RT Gallery Hop this weekend. Be there."
"I sometimes come on twitter and don't tweet anything, just creep. ;)"
"Very funny Scotty, now beam down my clothes."
"Its not the money, it's the fact that the Romney's constantly make it obvious that they've NEVER TRIED to empathize w/ the 99%"
"Find me on \"Draw Something\" Username: saggyjuggs07"
"1 of the reasons #WeDoWhatWeDo: “85% of who you are-Your intellect, personality, & social skills-is developed by age 5.” –MA Early Edu 4 All"
"This week we have a great show with The Scene Aesthetic. Come out and have a grand ol' time!"
"you are :) & welcome"
"No amount of good innings in a single game can make up for 6 + baserunners in a single inning."
"sorry to hear that. He's lived a happy life. Traveled more than most of his kind. RIP"
"Happy New Year and how is your dad doing?"
"I wanna go home /:"
"I am so"
"not long at all, just a few years. I want to be a songwriter mainly."
"Save 50% in our Wall Decal Shop on Etsy - Coupon Code TODAY50 at checkout - www.wilsongraphics.etsy.com"
"Forgot money for star"
"DJ NOVA's Last night in Milwaukee. Come check him out... plus our upgraded VIP spot....."
"I won't be the one to let you go."
"...better and more refined at expressing myself in other ways. :)"
"Last day of classes. Ever."
"deadline is 4pm today, what's your take on EV infrastructure availability in San Diego?"
"Leave alone! Still my fave!!"
"You go, Yoko. We DO imagine peace. Thanks for reminding us. Happy 78th Birthday! (see Yoko's ad in today's NY Times. She's authentic.)"
"This should be the reaction every time a sequel is announced. There's a problem when sequels are expected."
"I know he is, but I'll be watching the event, not the self-selected back-slapping."
"The amount of Indian food I consumed at that work meeting is astonishing"
"that's one of my top cities to visit in the US!! I will definitely hit you up when I am around, you can recommend tourist spots."
"Today is Friday and a week ago Beastie Boys man Adam \"MCA\" Yauch died in Brooklyn. R.I.P."
"haha I spilled it all over myself......on my birthday. I spilled it on too;)"
";p lol. Have fun! I'm sure you'll find someone lovely to spend time with... I srsly don't get the forever alone thing."
"were cool"
"Lakers are totally out of sync and out on control in close out game !"
"Ugh my phone is so slow"
"Brendon just randomly follows people i think lol, i mean one day i came home and it was like"
"Startup ecosystem in Silicon Valley is still 3X bigger than New York; 4.5X bigger than London & 38X bigger than Boulder (via )"
"It's not only you michael...but that would be nice if we could get some of that rain here in SD. It has been very dry.How u've been?"
"Let Christ be Lord of ALL or Lord not at all. He is LORD and SAVIOR."
"Good morning :)"
"Perry sucks"
"are going the fuck off right now at Juicy Beach!"
"Sending our crack reporters and crack photographers to cover the structural damage at the Sherman Minton Bridge."
"i'll give more than i take. and i'll remember to want what i have."
"Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to tweeting w/ you. Cheers!"
"no bc I'm starting to get OLD and have so much to accomplish :("
"lmao no worries."
"you know what else is a problem, vomit words."
"half-life is shortest on twitter, longer on fb, youtube longest"
"Fitness Center laundry facilities temporarily down...please bring your own towel thru 4/26. Thanks!"
"Covered in chocolate."
"Nothing beats a French press coffee break on a cold, sunny day! (Except maybe a winter ale.) Glad you enjoyed!"
"guess college is about leaving your comfort zone, I do that every weekend. Gotta get up for work too!"
"The only true currency in this bankrupt world is what you share with someone else when your Un Cool~Lester Bang Almost Famous"
"Note to self: #RUNNING is the best medicine for lethargy and petty problems. Especially to #Hendrix and"
"Hello gorgeous, haven't seen you in a while. your ass is still onion-sexy i presume."
"Yes, excellent point!"
"May the fourth be with you"
"Bowling time"
"Need a new car, mine is broken."
"A wonder indeed! 2.5lb cubed, boiled and chilled red potatoes, .5c mayo, 1c sour cm, bacon bits, 2c cheddar, and gr onion."
"What is that? A turtle biting an apple."
"I'll be for the big game this Sunday, go"
"20% of men watch porn at work"
"I'm missing her like Amber Alert"
"Keep your dick in ur pants, and not in your personality..."
"Wow. Crazy snow flurry time."
"went song by song there is not one word on this whole thing..."
"Tomorrow is Midlist Monday. By a book by an obscure author at an indie book store! #mislistmonday. I suggest one by"
"Finna hit the streets."
"hi right back! can't wait to meet nell in person."
"I wish I could read people's minds."
"hey Josh! Any clue on the iPhone 5?"
"VNDMG Feb 13th at the Breathe/Milk Bar in San Francisco, CA!"
"Dalet Unveils Dalet Galaxy, the Next Step in MAM Technology"
"No. I'm in NY lol was asking if I'm in LA."
"Alex Jones and Trayvon Martin on now - Zenlive.tv"
"Let me know what you all think and we can plan something."
"Your good morning texts to wake up too are greatt, but waking up to your face would be even betterr, <3"
"The NFL should make the uprights 10 feet higher. Too many kicks nowadays go too high and make it hard to judge if it is good or not."
"THEY ADDED A LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY DATE!!!!!!!"
"Just got this text, \"So far gone\" .. .. .. -___- .. .. .. Wth be going through people's minds?! Ask me do I care, gone is good lol damn"
"I had a cavity drilled and filled today. It was far less painful than watching that awful #Yankees game 2nite with all of #Arod 's at bats"
"#WordPress #Tools Ajax Comment Preview – Allows readers to preview their comment before submitting."
"lol take a trip to Stockton & come visit me !"
"Happy National Grilled Cheese Day to everyone!"
"consider 'drop shipping' your kettle bells. Learned that from Timothy Ferris."
"Friendly customer service Nice to dine in #Anacostia again, yesterday...Nice to see DC's finest in blue are patrons, too...: )"
"made me breakfast didn't tell me ate it then text me and said y I didn't call her back this morning we didn't even talk"
"Love The Interface vids. Bummed that the frequency has gone down in the last year or two."
"I'm not homophobic.... faggot"
"Nicholas, I like what you stand for and appreciate the follow. Let's have an offline conversation sometime soon."
"The cap of my \"BIG SEXY HAIR\" hairspray fell in the toilet."
"Looking for businesses to help sponsor this event! Contact me! Let's talk!"
"It's time to move...4 months."
"I was on the fence for approximately three seconds."
"Thanks for the #FF!"
"Oh how I wish would just tweet my nieces and once, even if its just a retweet."
"Remember, ISTEP starts back up next week (now with new and improved online testing!). Be sure our kids are rested and safe this weekend!"
"I wish I had the language skills for some of those jobs. I saw an awesome one in Germany recently, but I don't speak German well"
"On February 28th Epicom will be hosting the first of a 3 part series on email campaigns. Register now to get free #SugarCRM training!..."
"Seurat's paintings vibrate with colour that is rendered static by human perception -"
"I think it starts 8 a.m. Pacific time. Another hour to go."
"One reason to leave women's health issues out of politics: all the news outlets I follow are becoming increasingly"
"I felt really cramped on the train. Turns out my jeans are just really tight."
"NBA ALL STAR FASHION SHOW! LOOKING FOR DESIGNERS AND HAIRSTYLIST! SAT. FEB 25TH!!!! PLS CALL: 407-953-6056 FOR ALL INFO!!!"
"ice cubes in the water dish and it's fun to watch them try and grab the cubes! lol"
"I shot a video earlier with Donald Stone #401k Advisor Leadership Award winner here at the event. Will tweet link when online"
"Yay it's basically the weekend :)"
"You're name should be ,"
"II. She said don't try to touch my heart. I can't trust men."
"thanks for the follow! Please keep us in mind for catering for your next big event!"
"Thanks for the tip, guess I'll be not-working a little Friday morning."
"Disturbing insight from today's John Gambling Show: would sue to block paid sick leave for working families? Unconscionable."
"Met my goal."
",beauty may get the attention...but personality captures the heart<3"
"we'll see you soon!"
"Takin a SHOWER!!! Its gunna b warm."
"hey auntie!! i wanted to let yuh noe tht i miss christian(: lmao"
"\"When you lose, don't lose the lesson\". - Dalai Lama"
"The bad thing about doing a project on a serial killer, is that now every sketchy person you see wants to kill you."
"word to that"
"Wat up pimp"
"we don't get spring break, just the quarter system"
"#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow I'm only quiet in school because of jerkass punks who pick on people that aren't stick thin or don't put out."
"I have secrets too."
"yea man let me work on a few and I'll figure out a way to for sure."
"The only good argument for any particular religion is \"It works for me,\" or some variation on that idea."
"A cloth over a birdcage. But it is certain that"
"#its2012whyyoustill trynna hit the lean-wit-it-rock-wit-it"
"the Green Mill in Chicago... That'd be awesome!"
"Island Creek Oyster Bar!"
"Wyeth haha. It sucks"
"MT : Hey! and I are teaching Topics and Tools in the Digital Humanities this spring. You should take it!"
"good morning all are ASOME fans"
"1-1 tonight... got Lebron'd in Miami but Duncan & those Spurs took care of them Clippers..."
"RT Good idea! RT : Put your twitter handle on your name tag at any conference you go to!!!"
"Are you a #LawStudent or #LawProfessor? We'd love to connect with you."
"Thanks for the invite. Will come if I can. All the best!"
"birthday on tuesday tho ... fck w. me"
"My totem is the roadrunner. Saw one early this morning. Of course, it made for an awesome day in Taos."
"Many women who think they have purchased a dress for a ridiculous price, have actually bought it for an absurd figure"
"yah my knee is throbbing today... thank goodness tonight's a chill night, lot of sitting & watching will occur :-)"
"Elton John commercial. Best part = flavor flav"
"Hahaha! RT : today is a big day for my baby. she is having her ovaries ripped from her pussy. have your pet spayed or neutered."
"HEY that's not very nice"
"I love having my own couch in my room. I can just crash on it and watch tv in comfort"
"Time to stop work and go listen to stories about work. Off to and the monti story slam."
"'s is packed like the county"
"Thank you ! And congrats to !"
"#crimesworthyoftherope being racist and/or calling someone racist."
"Just cause you got the monkey off your back doesn't mean the circus has left town. - George Carlin"
"stubbing your toe on a nightstand"
"who said I was going to post it lol. It's still on scenekids thought I bet. HAHAHAHA"
"Am i really dumb for not knowing that Kim and Kyle Richards are Paris Hilton's aunts?"
"“: #boycottMcDonalds” got your order wrong?"
"who else has mac and wiz tickets?"
"Wow! Someone just made a last-minute $200 contribution to Alliance for Audience! That makes our New Years Eve celebration great! Thanks!"
"On my way to Wizards game saw a Virginia plate that said Leveosia ... Get it first book yall"
"well at least you get a little excitement on a Monday."
"Did you know a certain restaurant in #Denver has been offering specials for mentioning their tweets lately?"
"Well, sorry about that. Facebook is just acting up a lot!"
"Well well Rand Paul's detention by the TSA cracks me up!"
"it all comes natural to a G"
"Feeling a liitle stressed? We've got the solution. Great handmade skin products to soothe your skin and your senses. Come check us out."
"Good Morning and Happy Monday!"
"NyQuil, the best nightime, sniffling, sneezing, coughing, aching, fever, holy shit there's a dragon in my kitchen, medicine"
"This guy is obsessed!"
"hey, txt me during school"
"Almost time for the Super Full Moon. And Cinco de Mayo. Time to plant crops."
"“: she looks depressed AF haha” hahahahaha she's not a fan of wearing clothes"
"It may be 7 minutes to midnight ;) but I did what I got done what I said I would do today!"
"And.... 2 hours later, i finally have a clearer picture of what we owe & to whom."
"Five finals to study for and a project/presentation to make...yeah this next week an a half is going to be awesome"
"i'm listening to the radio on my computer. xD"
"My plan to spend the day relaxing has been squashed-"
"Meetings of the strike force will all be held in the bowl from now on. So awesome; yet under-utilized."
"Thanks Leila, we are excited about the story tonight."
"Would you ever text during an interview?"
"Re-volution. Fundamentally requires a new system to replace the old."
"#SomeoneIWantToMeet ,he's my inspiration,my hero,my everything and I love him more than anything in this world<3"
"what world is that Rhonda? lmfao"
"RT : Oh you have a baby on board? I'll just run into the car next to you."
"Congrats to my bestest friend on getting her job!! She so deserves it and we need to celebrate tonight!!!"
"ed sheeran jam session"
"my uverse dvr acts up every Monday...now it is effecting live tv! Very disappointed! May consider switching providers"
"Think of something you can model today so that others can see Christ through you. Joy or patience will work."
"Who just spent $81 on 5 frames instead of $182 in one trip thanks to coupons & a persuasive personality."
"I fucking hate being put into uncomfortable situations"
"yea u do need twitter I put my whole mixtape on soundcloud"
"I want more #Filipino cuisine in #Tampa!"
"don't worry he'll tweet you soon"
"lol, no offense taken. (I'm stuck on wip-but it chould clear up)"
"and we miss you my friend!!! We will be back soon I promise"
"Do you suffer from an enlarged prostate? Have you tried saw palmetto? Check out my blog at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com"
"RT : US far outstrips China in arms sales to dictators; U.S. provides 78% of weapons sold to dictators around world."
"\": Crab cakes everywhere...Tony Montana\""
"Thank you NJ for the"
"If you are a #wedding planner in the #Seattle area, I'm happy to provide you with Where to Eat Guides for your out of town guest baskets."
"have you been in school lately?"
"Dear Please #VerifyZackTremblay why? Because his awesome, cute, talented... Sincerely all fans!!!!!"
"Browns losing a key cog to their Defense before training camp even starts? Sounds about right."
"In other words, how we'll live \"next\" is visible in the airports of \"now\"? (But which ones? E.g., Stapleton?)"
"Wait but you're not funny"
"haha I agree with chelsea! :)"
"Maybe Shannahan's? RT : The Post guys are right. Just got it confirmed. Manning paying a visit tonight. No, he won't be..."
"My son's Marco Brent graduation from Melrose High School on May 15,2012 @ Memphis Convention Center,"
"Zev: so the choice is the reccomended option, going down to Culver city or no subway. Dr. Parker: yes."
"Let me know if your interested in coming to surrender tomorrow! Only"
"Punk ass Chauncy!"
"Began as a core group of UW reps, grew to the #uwsocial umbrella, representing all social activity on campus."
"We're hanging out getting ready for Fashion Fridays! Got the music going!"
"Craig Owens is a hot topic today, DRUGS or CHIODOS???"
"Wireless info for today is on slips of paper by the registration desk. Username: amazon | Password: P6FW3HY"
"AlbuqRetailBuys thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!"
"Another great day of strength and conditioning. The guys are really pushing each other to get better."
"Killed another vacuum again. #husky hair"
"I love her! Cmon Kelly :("
"I'd go YouTube one, but hubs and I are settling in for last night's Mad Men"
"shit is annoying,"
"I dusted off my copy of tiger 12 to play a few rounds"
"Hahahahahaha its so funny when u see 2 people wearin the same shirt"
"It's good to see you online Free, I was wondering when a Pimp was gon' show up."
"RT : If Mitt's ever charged with treason, he'll just pay the fine."
"U.S. Companies Reporting Earnings on April 26 - Bloomberg"
"Eating some homemade tamales w/green chilie'.... Life has it's good moments!!!"
"eating diner late... big appeitite/ later gonna watch a scary movie wit my cuzins. Good nite ;)"
"#Prayers for Cairo"
"can't wait to see the video :D I know that its gonna be awesome, you're and amazing dancer :)"
"Time to get snuggled. Dream great dreams! xoxo"
"I looked like a dork doing the Thriller dance, but I had fun. You should try it! Thanks for reading!"
"hey, if you are going to/following any of the warped tour dates in the NY/CT/NJ/MD area, please let me know! I need your help :)"
"Yep, all is well here. You? There?"
"Excited to have the join us for the New England Regional Meet!"
"Overtime again!?!?! The #Hawks should do their best to keep track of #Boedker if they want to fight another day."
"Some of the old leather purses walking out of the tanning salon really makes me second guess going in."
"It's also just kinda creepy that we go to museums and look at human remains,"
"Good looking out Redlegs. Nice win tonight in Atlanta."
"Going to pick my brother up from school"
"RT : RT : You cannot perform in a manner inconsistent with the way you see yourself. ~Zig Ziglar"
"Have fun Suzi! :) For sure you wouldn't need any of my energy when you head out and see the action live. :)"
"Will never stop being amazed at people's inefficiency-"
"can't, not using an app. Hatd to explain"
"RT - ` I'm going w/the lions & New England Patriots."
"Changing lives before 10am RT : Enjoying the hell out of my 1st listen to Elton John's TUMBLEWEED CONNECTION. Thanks to"
"Where can I hear J & Ye Watch the Throne? New release date?"
"ya followed :)"
"yeno. i need to sleep. its only 20 minutes till auz10's bday but im dying"
"portland is awesome as usual. Weather is amazing. Just trying to kill my self after all this lockout and ducks shit"
"i'm feel so much better now"
"it was great ladies, thanks for hanging with your old man."
"Peace and light to and !"
"May 17 is the eighth anniversary of Massachusetts becoming the first U.S. state to legalize same-sex marriage. Celebrate!"
"Thanks so much, Lisa!"
"Sometimes #Monday ain't so bad. There are good works to be done today!"
"I wanna ride my bike! Its so"
"Panhandler to me: \"Nice beard my man. You remind me of a young Eric Clapton.\""
"Disposables are safety razors.."
"TV Roundup: Melissa Gilbert Suffers Head Injury, Whiplash on 'Dancing With the ... - Zimbio"
"MIDDAY MONDAY: Welfare reform to Food Stamp Nation, w/ Jason DeParle & Michael Reisch, UM School of Social Work"
"Sin is when we look at our options and say, “I can either glorify God or choose what think I need to be happy.\" ()"
"you da best!"
"these street sweepers are more than welcome to take the night off whenever."
"A guy only dates girls from Staten Island - a girl pretends to be from there just to woo him. Find out more Aug. 12, 8pm at UCB LA"
"Safe travels."
"do we have to follow you back?(;"
"Mariano Rivera's injury is proof that baseball players are not athletes."
"This girl just told me to read a book smh"
"I know the feeling."
"It's one of those rare nights when I don't need the whispering television on in order to fall alseep...goodnight world."
"#Realshit I just seen a lady get hit by a car and flipped off her bike"
"I am very disappointed with your comments about Rush Limbaugh. This divisive rhetoric helps no one and is not funny."
"Another trade up for TT?"
"MetLife Foundation 2011 - \"25 million seniors (+55) in US want to start a business!\""
"writing customized training documentation...perhaps it would be more interesting if i start drinking now?"
"SALUTE UR JORTS! - my summer mantra"
"So many birthday wishes from my Facebook friends!"
"#FactsWithoutWikipedia Newt fathered three black and white Teddy bears with a Sister of The Wholly Right"
"What inspires you to support a non-profit? Who are some of your favorite pdx organizations?"
"thanks for the #FF mention! Cheers!"
"Lol ..... Jersey Shore"
"MORGAN!!! Your So Pretty! :)"
"Still salty that the bulls are out of the playoffs :-/"
"Can we end the baseball season now that the Mariners have a winning record, before they fuck things up?"
"It should read Hammel time. #O's"
"I just want to find a chick that will accept me for me and not use my problems and issues against me. Or to down talk me."
"Somethings are so revolutionary, so different, they are hated and simply not tolerated. Be revolutionary. Be different. Be you!"
"It's so hot out that even the cooling unit in my office is sweating (or leaking). At this rate, in a few days I could have an indoor pool."
"Our problems are man-made, therefore they may be solved by man. No problem of human destiny is beyond hu. - John F. Kennedy"
"Come visit me at 54th street tonight! I'll be working 5 to close"
"The Global Voice » Followers of the Baha&#39;i Faith Begin the 12 Day ..."
"I did"
"that would be awesome!"
"I will take a beat out of the day 2 stop and smell the roses!! :) Happy Friday!! :)"
"i love you guys."
"yea dats ma role model one love x"
"What's the best Mother's day present you've received? -Tom"
"RT : Milwaukee's Jaill to release new album, \"Traps\" on 6/12 via"
"yeah I hope the same for you!"
"play combat training mode. It's the online maps but against CPU. You can choose game and difficulty"
"One of our greatest philanthropy heroes has to be - a dedicated and generous supporter of so many great efforts!"
"GM Pres adding #Mpglutamine to my #bizzydiet stack when is best time to take??"
"School got canceled for a TERNADER (tornado) wooht(:"
"yeah, the limited edition ones. What size you need??"
"You have Netflix Instant? The Classic Albums-- Rumors thing is worth it if you haven't seen."
"We are living proof that humanity has the right to choose."
"RT : You have to believe in who you are, what you are doing & building. There will always be people trying to bring you down."
"forgiven!!! Someplace with Odouls. It's my new favorite cocktail. I'm on day 32 of my cleanse. It's boring."
"anywhere you can park near Sheraton Hotel & Marina? Hundreds of museum pros there for a conference--will be hungry!"
"Two hours into a #chi2012 writing marathon. I feel like I should tell the incoming students to run for their lives, but I'm having a blast."
"About to go to bed. Last night was amazing even tho I went trick or treating in the rain and got like no candy it was worth it <3"
"please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  57"
"Today in Literary History: On May 16, 1717 French Enlightenment writer Voltaire (known for CANDIDE) was imprisoned in the Bastille."
"They are the real thing. They're not someone who learned a bluegrass style. They are bluegrass, bare feet and all - Vickie Tatum"
"bron made up for the flop"
"Moving or remodeling in Napa,Ca? Check out IDSNapa!!!"
"come smoke a cig with me ma nigga :/"
"but who said we just trend Brazil things, we trend other things too! you just don't see it"
"Presentation tomorrow for ela, wish me luck!"
"Holy Cow! My wife is on Twitter! RT : see pics of our Easter morn: kids brilliant in church today for hr+ service"
"I know right?"
"April's theme will be \"The people shall govern\", which is the national month to mark the first democratic elections in #South Africa."
"Good question. Answer depends entirely on each company. We'd like to think that's the only kind of people we hire."
"this one made me LOL."
"I don't believe in tl;dr."
"you & my sister are like twins lol & she's like in love with you c:"
"Thanks. Just looked this up. I just discovered Chinua Achebe thanks to"
"He stepped out!"
"Overcast and Kinda chilly in Chicago today, but it feels good just to Relax, Chill and NOT talk on the phone :-)"
"Kyrah is a lame.....she said something to me that I can't repeat"
"haha well we can only hope the delivery address was correct."
"Good luck tomorrow jay I love you homie:-)"
"Wow, NY Giants waived S Chad Jones... I felt sorry for him. Didn't even get to ever see him play after being in a horrific car accident"
"I still haven't seen the Avengers, but I am certain it doesn't out shine TDK."
"oh the awkward years. I do debate removing those from Facebook sometimes"
"AMEN! It's the thought, no big deal-God don't like ugly!"
"WORKIN ON A JOINT DO HE CAN GET HIS SING ON! BRUH SWARE HE GOT THEM VOCALS!!!"
"Minor kerfuffle. Back online! Let us know if you still can't login to your dashboard."
"why panic over something that should have happened two years ago"
"Singing it forever"
"where yall at"
"There are so many directionators at my school and i just ... Cant deal with them -___-"
"Time to read The Hunger Games!"
"I dnt want it all just my fair share.."
"u may not be good at many things, but that's one area that I can definitely hang ;). Lunch soon?"
"Crazy people that's who! But yes organic carpet cleaner... Now the toddler pee stain is another story."
"So bored wish someone would text me"
"Kid's night at the MKE Cty Zoo with the fam, now Whale Wars off the DVR."
"The bookstore always has lots of treats for Fat Tuesday! And luckily, I didn't get a baby! Happy indulging everyone!"
"i think just followed you!! :D"
"Would anyone be willing to share with me your relocation program along with the amounts you were offered, internally and externally?"
"Thanks! Looking forward to hearing more from you, too!"
"Remember the MJ one-on-one fiasco?"
"you have alot of nieces'. O:"
"I now have remote control a/c in my room. Sleep on."
"awe....Happy Birthday!"
"So you've tried the free travel for beautiful people? :-)"
"Keep me posted please!"
"meh...still at work and it's been a rough day. but less than an hour left! how are you?"
"Sounds fun!!"
"Bummer, you will be missed..."
"Thanks for retweeting our post about the importance of women's only clubs!"
"Game 5 it is"
"Follow because he has no followers and is lonely ! :)"
"Make sure you check out the 100% exhibition on view at the Carver Museum, tiny pieces for a good cause"
"DC: Kudos Fenty, for being the second consecutive mayor from WARD 4 to serve exactly one term as mayor."
"I don't know why your girl keeps texing me!!! :-0 lol"
"Three bottles of wine..."
"Can't wait to say I knew way back before he was famous from being on ESPN all the time"
"thank you Teebaby! For being you. You are amazing in every which way imaginable :-)"
". I think there is merit to that. Are you talking about a general look at mass transit here or its impact on sports?"
"don't jinx us please"
"is it said that I forget to fastforward when watching DVR?"
"I am a spiritual being having a very human moment."
"Ive got the Nutella, if youve got the apples!! LOL Come on down to Tennessee! :)"
"20 MORE FOLLOWERS TILL 300!!!! PLEASE FOLLOW"
"RT : It's been at least 100 deg, roughly 19% of 2011 in Austin. Somehow that's more soul-crushing than saying 70 days for me."
"What time is your art show tonight chica?"
"\"Who Do\" is a great show. I love the genealogy shoes. Henry Louis Gates does one on PBS too."
"Classified friendly zombie today. 9hrs w kids 9 hrs of work and a clopen comming. Get sum."
"Look at circles becoming full. :-)"
"My knee just popped O_0"
"misses the old #OldSpice guy, the one before Fabio."
"Being in a tribute band is like saying \"I'd like to be a rockstar but I am lazy and lack originality, so I'll steal someone else's act\""
"hot then you're cold"
"An IT manager asked if we should have shorter timeouts for our \"mobile apps\". My question is what's a mobile device? Any thoughts?"
": Hey! I moved in September. How have you been?"
"Sippin on a nice bollini yum 😍"
"New conference table is in! We moved it ourselves which proved to be a bigger challenge than we had predicted. ;-)"
"you r so lucky u got to talk to him i wish i could that would be a dream come true <3 I luv ur backround by the way so cute!!"
"& - are you keeping an eye on @ #SMBMAD - wish we were there!"
"you weird. how can you be depressed from this?"
"But it's co-op Minecraft! That's pretty hot, right?"
"I've been hacked!"
"It's odd to see a Papa John's delivery sign on the top of a new Mustang"
"“No matter where you are in life right now, no matter who you are, no matter how old you are – it is never too late to be who you are..."
"HEY ! YOU GUYS ROCK MY WORLD ;D"
"#FOOL ME ONCE SHAME ON ME #FOOL ME TWICE SHAME ON ME"
"ticks must be bad this year, pulled a dozen or so lone stars off about three weeks ago in Shenandoah Valley"
"Got mom an iPad for mothers day. Win!"
"Never lose sight of your dreams; all it takes is belief"
"Nomophobia is literally ‘no mobile phobia’ – the fear of being without your mobile phone. I get that the second my cell isn't in my holster!"
"Get work on ABC Soap \"One Life To Live\" - read for CD Sheryl Baker Fisher Tomorrow night."
"wat u mean by that"
"great idea, just started following you guys :)"
"Like the rest of #Milwaukee, powering through today before #Brewers #OpeningDay shennanigans tomorrow!"
"Man I wanna be the he calls his wife"
"Keep us updated... plz.."
"thanks for the follow. Awesome band sound."
"Just put a full tank of gas in my car and now I can't afford to do anything except stay at home."
"Thank you"
"I think I'm addicted to painting my nails."
"Want to know more about Kona Coffee? Meet up with growers from Mama's 100% Kona Coffee 7am at Keauhou Bay Coffee Co. on Saturdays."
"Good! You?"
"so we got McDonald but then we were still hungry so then we got taco bell and you know me I payed in change."
"I need to invest in a juicer...."
"congratulations on the schools first post season win. Great Job!!"
"Oh relax. I left the razors at home. Loved some of the knives they had for sale though!"
"Already dipped to the Cabin Tavern. Next time - that's your boy?"
"That Was Awkward & Left Me Utterly Confused....."
"watching #PBS movie on women's peace movement in #Liberia - they define bravery. A reminder that the 99% are still really the global 1%."
"Don't drag yourself down. Today is going to be an awesome day!"
"Big day today! Our planetarium reopens at 10 am & tonight is our Star Party on the Levee w/ serving up dinner."
"of course !"
"Time to get ready for work..."
"My first tweet, here with and #twitterless bigblacknigga."
"I was invited to play Vball there!!(: haha"
"I just got the new polo boots"
"Dio back together? Without Ronnie James Dio? A new singer. How does that work, Dio is that band."
"Happy New Year! Hope that everyone makes it home safely..Remember in 2012 that leggings are not pants!"
"It is the principle of existence, and its only end"
"The Public Option kills grandmas dead."
"Enjoyed being apart of TSAW ATL.Love your spirit & how you put god in your coaching. It gave me hope as an actor. Luv ya"
"I love watching Bait Car!"
"Well, they were REALLY nice windows."
"Showing up with a cold or allergies for an audition with a kissing scene means faking the kiss ... or landing away from the mouth."
"\"All trauma Stories\"...my Google news feed...hm....click or not to click?"
"Grades dropped when Laramie implemented their online proctoring process/system."
"right doe people hating on them smh"
"So today was my last day of school, such a bittersweet feeling right now."
"Everybody is mad about the hesitation with FB today. I think a lot of money was lost because humans could not keep up with trades."
"Agreed you and ur lady quilter r way cool!"
"#Eating right is the Key to A Good Healthy Life"
"I know. Crazy how that worked out."
"Even on days when we can't do a full workout, we do something. Today, we did 1 super-set of push-ups, dips, and planks, 3x15ea. Felt great!"
":: WI Appeals Court rules voter ID law will not be used for 6/5 recall election. Details on"
"you got it!!!"
"Congrats to Melissa McCarthy! Loving the #Emmys and what a fun musical surprise."
"Inge released today huh?"
"hahaha!!! Aww thanks, it was great seeing you too :)"
"Determined to finish this book!!"
"RIGHT DOWN THE STREET. like 30 seconds away -_-"
"You stole my money, I want it back, give it now or you'll get a whack"
"It's been a great success!"
"i'll pay that $15 before i let somebody fuck my head up ."
"How can I donate for Haiti? (and actually help)"
"seriously what an idiot lol"
"have fun. Enjoy the new skates."
"Such a great episode, superb!"
"Welcome to HFC, Cultural Mission of the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia scholar students.."
"I wasn't the one mad I sent you a link thinking you would be interested in it and you almost blew your head off"
"who got you that?"
"Just curious, which weather station do you use for the temp at #SantiamPass on ur newscasts?"
"extremely overrated..."
"Thank goodness I'm off on Sunday..are you?"
"Happy Valentine's Day from everyone here at Joint! Does anyone have any cool plans for today/tonight?"
"\"But a baby boy with whiskers, I never saw before....\""
"I only eat the caramel filled chocolates out of the heart shaped containers filled with candy that u get on Valentines day."
"it's called scattered showers for a reason sweet heart which means it ain't raining everywhere....duh Paige ;3"
"Happy trigger, medium girl, personality traitor, antibionics, cuddlesome, idiot armor, Lou Robinson: never revenge, never regret."
"What can I say I love me some females lol To b real, I do know when a girl says no. Just naughty tweetin u, love ;)"
"remember when you would always make me laugh during Spanish class in 6th grade? Omg. We were loud!"
"Yes! Thank you for the love! RT : was beautiful... Beyond words.... I am in awe of tonight"
"yes, that's what I'm drinking... At work..... With high voltages and crush hazzards"
"Thanks to everyone who came out tonight to the Break! Hopefully we'll be seeing you in the next round! Let's hope!"
"my sister hacked my stuff sorry bae ily"
"I'm about to just relax and call it a night and get up for and chill with for mothers day!"
"Trying out Windows 8 Beta. I don't know what to think yet."
"I'm doing a LinkedIn webinar right now!"
"I know kim got some thing coming I can feel it already!!"
"so i love the show #glamfairy but sometimes it just seems so scripted/acted."
"So I'm watching Jerry O'Connell on Live with Kelly & he is totally doing the hand thing like on 'Up All Night' last episode...LMAO!!!"
"Im a voodoo child."
"It's time to clean up my blog roll. Getting rid of blogs that seem to be dormant or don't have a link to Babelpop on their sites."
"RT : I'm getting scared of the new programming generation crowd when I hear: \"but... but... what's malloc ?!?\""
"what! #disappointment 😒"
"Don't forget to use #LCcommencement with your tweets this weekend! So glad to have you in PDX!"
"Yeah I like mgk . Wanna bitch and complain about how it's annoying ? Go right ahead ."
"The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart. -Thich Nhat Hanh"
"OFFICALLY OFF THE MARKET BY THE ONE AND ONLY AMAZING <3"
"what's the weather like in Atlanta? Do I need a sweater?"
"just spilled mountain dew all over myself ..."
"Wahoo! Sanity is #winning! :-)"
"what are you talking about"
"we are blaming you not google! I live here and you said you were going to wait for us. :-)"
"concert this Saturday at Revolution Live! :D"
"#Blastoffnetwork just added jetBlue to the mall with 2% cash back!"
"At work missing the game...Damn!"
"i think so. but i am biased (i wrote the older version a few years ago and the new version a few months ago) :)"
"Tried getting tickets to the S.C. Final in Boston? You won't believe what people are paying in Vancouver. Story at 5:30 on"
"cant spoil"
"You read my mind! RT : *fall out* Bonnie Raitt! *sings* I can't make you love me if you don't...."
"Damn I think I need those red foams in my life #subtweet lol"
"Highlight's turning out to be a nifty recruiting tool"
"it'll be a long time before you feel me nigga.. If ever lol"
"did you take her class"
"loved the concert. Look for a blog post soon. Hope to \"accidentally\" run into you again in CV."
"You're a kind and beautiful human. Xoxo"
"NEVER CALM DOWN BECAUSE OF BASEBALL!"
"I apologize for those of you who have received direct messages from me. My account has been compromised and I am resolving the issue."
"Why is it a man is sick & everything must stop 4 him 2 stay on the couch but if a woman is sick, she can't get a moment's peace?"
"Happy Saturday everyone! What do you have planned for today?"
"#oomf changed completely since middle school, *shrugs* guess we both grew up.."
"its worth the try"
"Two seconds into the amerks game....FIGHT!!!"
"So true! Romney's like the kid who can't find his shoes. Yesterday: Where are the jobs?! Today: Never mind; found them!"
"Have you had a chance to listen to \"The Wanderer\"?"
"Get your drinking pants on; The Captain will be back Thursday!"
"RT if you know who Jenna Marbles is . (:"
"Why God created it for marriage only. RT : Sex really complicates things."
"The \"?\" Isn't: what r my limits? The ? is: why do I limit?"
"Fake friends are like shadows: always near you at your brightest moments, but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hour."
"You already know doe! ill be home thurs or friday ,cheers"
"RT “: Hey, come help me with this pizza.”"
"Today I am better than I was the day before because I learned something new! Today I will learn something new so I am better than the day b…"
"hey ! WHats join on!"
"Forever waiting on my parents to pick me up from school"
"Peanut butter & chocolate"
"perfect! I hope 2 days is enough :-)"
"Just received our copy of Magazine - great coverage !!!"
"is live in the us and is not a big deal believe me"
"Hurricane Georgina! #GossipGirl you know you love me xoxo"
"RT : it was such a pleasure talking with you both today.Thank you for your time& wonderful conversations./Thank you!"
"Life Insurance Providers Could Benefit By Increasing Outreach Rockville, MD May 17, 2012. MR Insurance Consultants, a web-based financial"
"Yo people please follow . She freakin needs followers!"
"And USA force the turnover!!! great job boys"
"I Will Send U A Pic Of Him xD"
"I just cried a lil bit.. \": her not on twitter no more :( RT : Where is lele \""
"I'll check it in a minute fam."
"We make $$$! Retail Profit, New Customer Acquisition Bonus, Team Commissions, Matching Bonuses, Customer Acquisition Incentives, Bonus Poo"
"What does a cannibal eat with cheese? Pickled organs."
"don't know their name. but they wear period clothing sometimes. and nun habits on Easter."
"I must get tickets! Oh dear I hope they come to WA *-*"
"These young ladies are ill"
"The conductor of my subway train winked at me and said good night as I left the station. #winningatnewyork?"
"Didn't even take an hour and a half, you got pumped, them get to cool down on the sideline...."
"you got a GP shirt?"
"Haven't heard from all today phone powered oh well. I can live a day lol"
"#fridayreads Freud: A Very Short Introduction, by A. Storr (pub. ) Rather liked this updated version."
"Going to follow some people back. Tweet me for a follow! ~Sara"
"If you brew your own beer, make sure you talk about the process loudly at any party you go to. SO INTERESTING!"
"Did you inbox zero just in time for the weekend?"
"Happy birthday to me(: haha"
"Not sure if yr DM is sarcastic. Didn't post anything on Patience yet, sadly. Big translation/proofreading project came through."
"Thanks GMO Kumagai-san answered my question about \"Lady's first\", I will start taking action to change myself from today."
"Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake and trash the chips!"
"THE BEST! I enjoyed your tweet about the Lannister family motto :)"
"Q7: Your blog & Twitter page don't mean you know everything. Know your role, ask a lot of questions, meet a lot of ppl, be a sponge."
"see you tomorrow best friend love you!!!"
"Not to make this all about me, but Davy Jones passing means the survival rate of my childhood crushes is getting suspiciously low."
"Beyonce Launches New Website Packed With Personal Pics ..."
"aww I feel so special :-)"
"-- Compared to what other player?"
"Good things come tothose who wait, butbetter things come tothose who go out and get them."
"Watching th Grammy's in a room packed full of Berklee students is NOT fun...I'm sure you could guess why."
"My thighs still hurt from dancing the Dougie. I think I'll quit the gym and start a Dougie regimen..."
"FOOTBALL SUNDAY! Booze, ball, bikini and beats.....SPANISH FLY DAYLIFE!"
"hey can you follow my personal account?."
"what about a bikini?"
"Yea u heard it?"
"you know I gets it in"
"all valid points, I'd really like to see the epic swarm reached on 4sq day this year"
"sure love (:"
"these are the most uncomfortable shoes ever."
"I hate those bots! Have a great day!"
"I'm faded"
"&u want me gone forever."
"thanks so much!! I'm super stoked for it. Oh you're so right! He's a survivor, and someone we can count on :)"
"RT : RT : Q2: WHAT “BABY STEPS” HAVE U TAKEN TO GET UR WHOLE FAMILY ACTIVE & HEALTHY?"
"Additional problems are the offspring of poor solutions.\"-Mark Twain."
"That boy is sexy fine."
"I wanna know if love is wild, girl I want to know if love is real."
": Strength doesn't come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. Gandhi"
"Oh you betcha"
"Happy New Year's! What did everyone resolve to do?"
"ightt will do, jesse who"
"Your so dusty"
"great game tonight and I hearing #Thunder players thanking God in victory and also in defeat."
"mr winter called my mom -___- and said that he asked me why I wasn't working and I said cause I don't feel like it. He's a liar!"
"THANK YOU SPEAKERS at Monday's event! Everyone did such an amazing job thanks for being apart of the launch of SWAG!"
"the pains of being older. someone take her the glasses. get your lazy asses up."
"I am housecleaning. This is of historical significance."
"RT : So much gwalla, dollar after dollar"
"God is trying to get my attentiom today, to direct my energies to make the most of my special talents. I will be aware."
"Invite from #duolingo came through, first #Spanish lesson went well, Stanford CS101 lesson is next"
"The government spends tax money on the most ridiculous shit."
"hates it when the people who should be tryin' to make your life easier are the ones who are makin' it harder!"
"I hate seeing friends taken advantage of."
"YUM! Try it with SPORTea too for a little different taste"
"Hope everyone had a great time this past weekend! Make sure to keep dry on your rides this week!"
"looking for dinner suggestions that can be delivered.."
"Did he see The Color Purple? That counts too."
"supposed to. Hope you guys luck out of it too!"
"I'M GONNA GO PAIR SOME CHEESE W/ MY BEER"
"great weekend....so far a good start to the week....lots of change happening...hoping for the best!"
"awesome!!! Have a great day! :)"
"“ I would rather be at home still in bed with this type of weather....” Me Too..."
"I've been waiting my whole life for someone to save me, I still can't believe that you're mine."
"Student Quote of the day, \"you should play the robot, you have the body for it.\""
"MISSING MCJ RIGHT NOW. come to LA and play with us!"
"thanks dude. We gotta chill soon"
"lol see this is why yo pay got cut"
"Wish I were there... Listening to Hammy down here in Dallas!"
"I'll be doing A LOT of listening. Nice call last year."
"I'm boring to text, and probably even talk now -______-"
"Very cute"
"How's it going man?"
"Spent the whole day answering questions on Yahoo. It's addicting."
"Hey Kev!! What's new with you?!"
"Curb Center's Arts Industries Policy Forum Hosts Economist and Author Joel Waldfogel"
"Best way to deal with haters: Keep calm, and stay classy!"
"Where is it?"
"it was in 76137, but were already on the outage map :-)"
"If you only knew"
"Happy #EarthDay! Today's the big day for my campaign!"
"Hope you had a good time!"
"nowplaying - #SaySomething by so proud of ma boy~ *le cries*"
"I hear ya...hang in there ;)"
"Shamrock shake and some Jimmy Johns - great dinner to me."
"You know it's good when the drive thru line extends through half of the Target parking lot next door."
"Thanks for the plug for the November Compliance Workshop! Should be a good one!"
"I know. Either a small world or the six degrees of Dave Pino."
"Dear brain, I need to write. Turn on, please."
"We want to hear from you all the time not just on tuesdays and Thursday's. There is way more to you then tits an ass."
"you caught me mid #tweet with"
"You guys should stock more scotch--doesn't need to be refrigerated,"
"Took me awhile, but the Talking Heads are tremendous."
"Thanks for the mention and for being a bronze-level supporter of #sdp2p!"
"come pick me up"
"they say that money isn't the key to happiness. if i had lots of money i would have the key made!"
"Mental Supreme & The Training Camp Showcase Presents: \"The Ultimate Underground Artist Showcase\" - Grand Prize $5,000, 2nd $1,000, 3rd $500."
"SUCCESS...You can only live a lie for a short period of time...and what you gain is far out-weighed by the long-term cost of truth..."
"Last year was slow on all work fronts, this year I'm blessed with an abundance of opportunities."
"I thought Obama would give free gas to everyone. He gives everything else away for free"
"But if you're over age twenty-one, your life is what you're making of it"
"Calli misses you !"
"#AskRyan what is ur favorite kind of cheese!? :D"
"Cramps + Stomach Flu = blah"
"And I can't say How I Met Your Mother jumped the shark last night because they jumped it two seasons ago. Flat lining"
"I LOVE MY COLUMBUS BOYS LOL CONGRATS GUYS LOVE YOU"
"At (inside) the ford theater for the first time and the nice usher even showed me the main space! What a treat :)"
"Hey Niallers, I'm taking the AP Lit college board exam in a bit, it would mean so much if you'd wish me luck! I need it!"
"Happy Anniversary... to us! Today, marks 's 2nd anniversary!"
"lol just like me"
"Thanks for sharing this article! Hoping to apply the three ways soon!"
"#SuperBowl 2017 in #Indy? Bring it on! Maybe we can work on some light-rail projects in between."
"//No, thank you for such a wonderful, heartwarming story and I am not even finished yet!"
"GANG GREEN BABY!!!!"
"Happy Thursday!"
"I always got those baseball mit ones. If the gum ball said home run, you got a free one from the truck"
"ortiz threw a pussy headbut and refsaid fight his fault for having hands down ITS A FIGHT"
"Snappin out of it starting....now."
"good luck today"
"Don't look now but it's 4:34"
"Heather Ford of FOX5 is live down at Fiesta de Reyes for the Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo! Turn on your TV to check it out!..."
"Okay bye bye :D"
"A lot of buyers are starting their #home search in earnest this month. Are you ready to sell your home?"
"\"do not dismiss US' intervention in Africa in regards to natural resources and \"supposed\" terrorists\""
"yeah if his woman bashing wasn't bad enough now he is bashing good music..shameful"
"What is this?!"
"Seeing the hunger games again"
"Yo restaurants/food trucks/food people/etc: If you're offering Tax Day specials, tweet me. Making a list. Making plans. And so on."
"Why does my comfy couch have such control of me today!!!??"
"Wow! That's an amazing sign! We'd love a photo or a copy of it :D"
"Stop bein nasty."
"Weather looks beauty for tomorrow! Definitely sailing! Hope to see a few of you at the rail :)"
"oh and congrats! Lol"
"/ Hey... your egg needs to hatch my friend. (So, I'm guessing you are not a big Twitter guy...)"
"surprisingly, although the prophets have much to say about prayer, the law really doesnt"
"No furniture or food but a Partch doc and a blanket. Simplicity without, whirlwind within"
"You're like furniture on casters, but the casters are busted, so they only move in one direction. Forward. Or something. <3"
"Check out our new 2010 #Badgers women's stuff! Look good in the September Camp Randall sun! 608-241-8807"
"So... There's this girl, who has a crush on her bestfriend.. What should I .. I mean she do?(:"
"We have a new server ready - vpn-co31 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK. It's available in your customer area now."
"Nicks with a David Tyree-like catch for a TD to end the half!!!"
"At Wing Stop with my bf >:D"
"Latest on the Hialeah shooting is coming up on NBC6 after weather"
"It's all about the rhythm."
"Tebow will get swallowed alive in New York. Even though he won't start over Sanchez, he's gonna get burn because of the hype."
"thank you im glad you like it! and thanks for following"
"Already have the numbers of the 4 tournament channel memorized"
"Your comment isnt needed"
"Watchin dusk fly,"
"Gretzky steps down as Coyotes coach"
"Working on squeeze pages for my new website www.CreditCardNegotiations.com - pre-launch coming soon!!"
"No problem! It's an interesting concept and brilliant use of QR codes."
"thanks, we appreciate your support, please pass us along to friends!"
"so glad it helped!"
"Give me a shout out ;D Your videos make me smile!"
"“Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.” - Anthony J. D’Angelo"
": HOLLA ! I went 2 the 1st one (does that make me old lol) and they had a great lineup"
"Keep doin' your thing"
"hahaha I knew right when I got this it was you... Haha"
"I suggest you fight Diego at 185. Please."
"OMG YES SAME I've been randomly obsessed with it lately..can't stop watching it ah!"
"That's great hope you have a great weekend its sunny here so it’s a great day for some outside activities"
"Smh this shit feel like the #FreshFest all over again lol, no worries though, just finding out who I can and can't do business with..."
"Haha. That would be good"
"I contend that putting a giant crossed out picture of a dog pooping in your window is grosser than an actual dog pooping on your lawn."
"Crazy. jumped 200+ followers within 2 minutes of tweeting his handle."
"On my writtin shit, feel like i gotta do it rite now......."
"Thanks Paul. First Greece, then Italy, now changes in French leadership... Interesting times in the Eurozone."
"wow, thanks! I'll look for my cheering section!"
"are you here in Chicago?"
"Glad to have you! What brings you here? We hope you are enjoying your visit!"
"Wishing the absolute BEST in San Jose! An amazing guy and an even better friend! Love you always!"
"love you Momma EG"
"What's on the menu"
"Sweetie. I'm trying to be.nice to you, and you still hate me and talk about 24/7 for no reason? You're very mature. (;"
"lol I feel like only dumbasses would ask that question."
"Dried Fruit Compote with Ginger Syrup Recipe from Bon Appétit"
"How lame my phones about to die -_-"
"#syked for this final today(: wish us look!:)"
"Sunday, Sunday, Sunday please don't turn into Monday."
"nice one"
"Thanks so much for sharing today! Hope your week is off to a lovely start!"
"hm, that's a tough question..."
"For the first time ever, I don't miss you at all..."
"haha i know i shud. I want to watch it again. this time il buy whistles, trumpets and create some hungama."
"lol r u gonna like ignore him tomorrow? and i see it on fb...looks bloody."
"exactly, especially for sport performance!"
"is it gonna b on itunes??"
"This was my day yesterday...I <3 peanut butter & jelly, I <3 hamburgers, I <3 hummus, I <3 chocolate, wait for it... I LOVE FOOD. The end."
"Hello Twitter. I have ignored you so much lately, and I apologize. I'll try to keep up with you better. Love, Andrew."
"Did you just sing a customized version of Lil Sebastian's song to yourself? ;)"
"I wonder what people like that make of movies like Inception."
"\"bro I unfollowed her bc I couldn't take it anymore\"- this is why I love you. RAHH it's ok we will be living in LA together"
"So random"
"i love that documentary its one of y favorites!"
"haha HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! He's hillarious "
"\"Damn!\" yelled at me twice driving to Starbucks. Lol, da fuq? Must be living someone else's life today."
"Ugh sorry for the spam. They really seem to want my twitter account."
"S/O to D4L/G-Unit,, ,, and my homie BRASKI!"
"You are HORRIBLE! And/or the best matchmaker ever."
"Who's filling in love girls... Stop Playing :(!!!"
"even better!!! I'm ready for it!! Hopefully it comes out before the summer!!! LOL"
"Misread that as giraffe at first. Might have been a more interesting article."
"you the truth!"
"See Blake live at Innovate! RT Blake Mycoskie, CEO of Shoes, On Social Entrepreneurship, Good Stories, And His New Book"
"Crazy weekend in DC. Walked over 8 miles seeing the sights yesterday. Worked my tail off at our booth today."
"might have to look at getting a promo code out there for march/april for spring breakers and early summer vacation planners"
"Saw #TheHungerGames movie. The bf is now hooked!"
"im tired and i dont feel good. fml"
"1 of every 5 homes will experience a break-in or violent home invasion. Contact Alliance Security at 877-760-2143 to add a security system"
"Hello Twitterworld! I just made a new account to keep track of my history and museum interests."
"hahaha tag, you're it! Found you......through bree.... :)"
"Mover puts in his notice before showing up to help me move my machine. Result... Broken machine :("
"Spinnin' some poi and listen to some tunes...2 of my favorite tings!"
"This line to see Bill Clinton is beyond ridiculous"
"when it's kinda squishy"
"HAHA!!! you know that if you really tried you could have him"
"I cared b/c we r entirely out of europe. Bad for utd. At least was looking forward to cup winner's cup match? Now. Nada!"
"how long would that have I'm out?"
"I love u too sis. Long sigh"
"Today is going to be a good day. Why? Because it's taco day."
"yea lol I just sat him and his squad at the back table..I think he got a face lift or something"
"Good morning ... already counting down to Friday :)"
"I remember classmates being flustered the first time an instructor really wanted their opinions. They only knew regurgitation."
"nick Mara or madison Alamia witch ever one is following u that u can DM"
"Dirty Grout? Marble Doctors can help. Stained marble counter top? We can help with that too."
"r u a virgo?"
"dude that book is straight porn! My coworker is reading it and got freaked out by it"
"Just start work am already boring God!"
"your support means the world to us. We really poured our hearts into the music. Spread it around."
"They're not working! Still coughing."
"So my friends says they know someone that looks like Liam... BRB HIJACKING A CAR TO GO TO THEIR SCHOOL & WAIT FOR HIM TOMORROW"
"They always do, they always do. “: The script may have said sports but his eyes said sassy all day.”"
"Is Sean Peyton really suspended for a year?"
"#favoriteposition doggy style :) perfect hair pulling control along with speed and stroke control, all in all the best"
"i will follow everyone, who follows me right now (:"
"2 days left to enter the drawing for a 42\" TV. What's the first thing you'll watch if you win?"
"Don't miss your chance to see perform with the rest of G*Mania at the Lincolnshire Co-op's Big Birthday Bash 3rd Sept!"
"Convenient amnesia."
"you still gonna make it to legwarmers"
"Come join OVS for our Yom Kippur Break the Fast on Saturday, September 18 after Neila services. All OVS members and guests are welcome!"
"Or beat your mothers."
"Good question dude, I havent listened to O&A Since they went to Sirius, so you got me on that one.. I just like the old shows."
"Dont think Jason wants to follow me...***sadness*** Yet I live and breath...."
"Remember the 3 Rs after a workout! Re-hydrate, Re-fuel and Rest!"
"If you want to discuss triple net properties , please let us know"
"call again!!"
"My bbfl loves u!! Worships u!!Do u think u can RT and DM me a happy birthay letter for her it would mean the world to her + me"
"Last night I dreamed that I roller skated everywhere. Funny, I wasn't any better at stopping than I am in real life, though..."
"feeling positive! 2012 is going to be an incredible year! I feel oneness more and more each day :)"
"i counted mine last week and i'm up to 45"
"hey watch it now im white and im not boring vinny! your show has way too much drama this season. not you tho!"
"Truth!! RT : \"Women are the most beautiful thing on earth, but they are the hardest thing to understand.\""
"I'm not quibbling about the meaning of a word. I'm pointing out that you don't mind gov't spending on things you agree with"
"Fish hut #yummy ☺"
"#YesArmy going HARD in the streets."
"Super pumped about Girlie Night at the Drafthouse tonight with"
"What a game."
"hahaha im thinking about it...."
"I tried telling you😳"
"I have much bigger aspirations too :) I just don't know where to start. Books I've looked at are so dry / not step by step."
"If you ever think your life is insignificant, take a minute and check out your \"friends\" status on"
"I liked them both better in the 90s."
"this is you... “: Someone come play with my hair.”"
"Have a great season! Go Hawks!"
"youre 2 seconds from my house"
"Mildly concerned about my in-laws. Uncle-in-law called last night, said their landline was disconnected, cell not taking calls."
"Watch ABC5 after!!!"
"So live with men as if God saw you and speak to God, as if men heard you. ~ Seneca"
"Craziest night of my life."
"ok love is your boss working tuesday ?"
"\": Kiss me, I'm Bohemian!\"this one is good!"
"Me quietly : 2 bad B**ches! \" AT THE SAME DAMN TIME!!!\" lol"
"Hey!!! I call no swoops"
"Can you follow me since i followed ohgirlphrase..?"
"I have nothing left to do ._."
"foreal? Literally just called him to see what's up"
"So is it really worth it?"
"This #conferencecall is at a record of 1 hour 54 minutes and there is no end in sight."
"Holy caffeine buzz batman"
"Where's the Dam tour?"
"If 25 people tweet back to me ill have a giveaway on my #youtube tweet baby tweet!! :-)"
"We're at 5000 ft - he will be just fine!"
"I mean yeah i guess ! lol"
"Happy Birthday to one of our stars Bryan Becker!!"
"hi I hope you're having a good day c:"
"Thanks for letting your list follow us"
"If there is one thing I know for sure Wisconsin liberals HATE, it's using a public computer for campaign/politcal related uses."
"Waiting for Joe Biden to impeach his boss, as he said he would do if a president bombed an ME country without congressional approval."
"You need to get our 98pxy mobile app!!!"
"i love twitter. but i hate #mondays ! no school tomorrow Thrusday or Fridayy (: PARTTTTTYY"
"\"stenographer\" wasn't certified. It's a shame the media doesn't make the distinction."
"we do you would just have to search tipsy tokens in the search field or facebook.com/tipsytokens"
"YYESSS. sounds like a tea party~"
"Will send you the wiki - session resources posted. Lots of oppt in developing open source resources for ed."
"I think I'm too nice to girls... It never works that way"
"Zac Rinaldo is one class act"
"Should your #kids follow a low-carb diet? Instead: Teach healthy #portionsizes:1 serving = 1/2 cup or 1/2 grown-up fist: Rice, pasta, potato"
"Staying home to take advantage of some quiet writing time."
"You know what they say, don't fuck a wounded bear."
"ALKN on watch here...."
"Ay mane, how I don't know you connected? Here's a lil morphine, let me see you inject it"
"Also, I'd love to interview you for the paper whenever you have a chance!"
"MJ taught me that"
"1st game of the season w/"
"Damn Dude That Thunder Is Serious ."
"Feeling some kinda way right now"
"you and me both. Lol"
"First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity. ---George Bernard Shaw"
"and even tho we let it go it's better u know I still got it for you"
"glad i ain't see that shit lol but you can tell eric don't really try and care for dorian because he don't show dorian attenti"
"This isnt healthy,its so dark out rn"
"Sorry wrong email"
"I LOVE ABITA BEER! Had it at Mardi Gras a few years ago.."
"Kobe's shot >>"
"Boyz over everything"
"I am so sorry dude! Put my foot in my mouth again trying to be funny :-("
": edle you don't even knowww"
"got the NEW \"MAX WEBER: COLLECTED METHODOLOGICAL WRITINGS\" WOO!!!!!! so psyched! ok I feel better now"
"Chest pain so bad had to go to the doctors but so busy had to leave to open my store."
"Oops! My bad! Have an awesome day Nia!"
"so much for being thoughtful"
"Saran rapping dozens of toilets and cars tonight. I wonder how many people are gonna pee on the floor and wanna kill us."
"JUST LEFT TALKING TO #UPTOWN ANGELA SHE SHOWING ME MAD LUV.... #NEW ORLEANS SAINTS STRIVE FOR GREATNESS (ANTHEM)... #NOW ON ITUNES"
"can't beat ice cream!"
"At the swearing in ceremony of the DC youth Advisory Council and the Mayor's Youth Leadership institute at Sumner"
"yeah I'll call your home phone if things change or when I'm done"
"Kept his average reasonably high I guess. But more likely just too many other chickens to fry on that team right now."
"I would of never guess that shit ever..I was like #whattheheck is #oomf haha #thanks for updating my ol ass on"
"What a beautiful ball played by Convey, perfect onto Kamara's head."
"glad you came <3"
"Acura shoot in the Design District"
"I yell at random people in hallways"
"Good One!!!"
"Slapping this al casino in Vegas its only rite.feel me."
"Sunny 71 degrees in the middle of Jan down south. Crazy! What's it like in your part of the world?"
"Playing an Irish song in strings and I thought of (:"
"Would love to chat apparel biz opp with you while you're still in LA. Tweet or ."
"So Ready to audition for Bad Girls Club TRUST ME I WILL REPRESENT CHARLOTTE!!! Kendra didn't do the job right lol but I WILL!!"
"Just because you can pierce something, doesn't always mean you should."
"Lunch and dinner on Beacon Hill. Great to be back in Boston!"
"ok girl!! I'll def be in touch hahah"
"You can access the site through the dashboard, and you can deactivate with the same switch if needed."
"thanks for the RT!"
"What was the attendance?"
"#IslamTaughtMe nothing. I'm Catholic..."
"double SNAP! I am hooked as well.... just in time for the season finale. LOL"
"A client is looking for logo designer: vintage, mid century modern/danish modern furniture, lighting & accessories. DM me if interested!"
"i got in to Gryffindor. But ive always categorized myself as a Hufflepuff. lol."
"Hmm....the Clipper fans are surprisingly quite tonight; Lob city where you at?"
"Sadly yes lol"
"You can always wear a fancy hat."
"Ate at El MoDelo the other day kinda of crazy!Just ordered Pizza 9.Pretty damn good place!"
"\": Manning to Broncos...more coming on Espn\""
"Thanks for the follow !"
"The study of being is not to be found in the triumph of man over his condition but in the very tension with which the conflict exsts Levinas"
"damn bro. For what. Minnesota stomps the pack"
"Happy Monday. Blah"
"When it comes to education, it's extremely hard to sort the GOP from the Dems (e.g. DFER, Students First)."
"I should really do some shopping today, since that's my lucky number. RT Christmas is just 33 days away!!"
"The best part of today: my nose appears to have quit running after nearly a month of allergy induced torture."
"NBC: Plane took off this morning from Slidell, LA, enroute to Sarasota, FL - pilot now reported incapacitated"
"How do I tell what happened in my life, so that you all could realise the same. I never knew until she died, the truth! She came to show me."
"FIU got Cody Mann and signed two for basketball. They might actually win a game or two in conference usa lol"
"Miss Iceland 1974 got $2 Million Reward in..."
"New Day. Same Bullshit. 😒"
"nope, same state, doesn't work and makes no political sense. Needs to be someone of color from a different state."
"I agree - much nicer in Sarpy! One of the reasons we stayed in Nebraska was because of Bellevue-Papillion and county atmosphere"
"40% of all people who come to a party in your home snoop in your medicine cabinet."
"Thank you!"
"Hoping for no drama tonight."
"#itsawkwardwhen some farts in the subway! In"
"Proud to see the amazing in the line up for #CMF12. Hat's off to new voices in #causemarketing and"
"Weird, it just made me ever more hungry..."
"Party or make money hm....Make money"
"Im a big kid now ba da ba ba .. ;D"
"I am assuming yes. Karaoke is not an early evening activity."
"Can't wait to go to work for 8 hours and do completely nothing 😠"
"Hey it's BK, in 3 words or less, your favorite breakfast taco?"
"Good things come to those who wait"
"Drinking the most insipid cup of green tea of LIFE. I sure hope to high hell this is helping me get skinny some kinda how. Otherwise..."
"Had the pleasure of providing a week long seminar in Greenville, MS .. Pageant Winners (Pageant 101) workshop!"
"No! The rain is back. -___-"
"still holding hedges in investment grade corp bond etf $LQD"
"everyone could use a little bit of magic. You would have more in your life through pumas or myself. Your choice."
"Back to the future - the newest comprehensive nonsensical solution that doesn't scratch the surface of a multi trillion $ European problem"
"yeah first time I used it I was confused for a week, and yeah facebook is much better. I used facebook more than twitter."
"Is it normal to see a blimp over camelback mountain?"
"The reception is at 6pm tonight!"
"Looking for something fun to do tonight? Why not trivia followed by Karaoke? It all starts at 8pm in our basement."
"Lyrics to all songs of Rhapsody!: Age Of The Red Moon"
"everyone does though its highschool i think even 6 graders do more lol"
"Yes that's what I told you earlier. That's what MOCSM stands for= Men of Color who have sex with men"
"DJ Cooper's showing tonight that his range starts when he enters the gym - he is stroking 28 foot THREES! - Go Bobcats!"
"im faded man wasuyp?"
"Dont let what you cant do stop you from what you can do !"
"Ask tweets today will be in support of . Three points today guys. you can do it!"
"People with goals succeed because they know where they are going.. It's as simple as that. Earl Nightingale"
"RT : RIP. RT Jim Huber recently diagnosed with leukemia. Brought to the hospital Friday; died today. A man liked by all."
"I am so proud! Go #Michigan, #miunion #p2 #EM #EFM #Detroit. #Snyder has nothing but contempt for the people."
"When posing, make sure to differentiate ur arms & legs w/asymmetrical poses. If 1 arm long & straight by ur side,make sure the other is bent"
"she could someday just needs more time its not easy to win a championship nobody will match what did"
"I really thought it was just going to be an image of the word \"No.\""
"I posted it in the Golf Fitness pro group on FB, is Jim on Facebook?"
"This is good! I'd forgotten just how corrupt and inept Ronnie's admin was. World class crookedness!"
"Day of the underdogs. Wow."
"Seriously. If you didn't leave yourself enough time in the am to cut your nails, wait until bedtime. Doing it on the train is not OK."
"Hi : Found you through Would love to read some of your short stories"
"what's yo digits? my phone deleted all my contacts."
"The only difference between the top ppl in ur bizness & you is their habits. How easy is that!"
"Hanging out in #FOIAchat. Anyone have fav. management software on the gov't side? Anything from intake to redaction & onwards."
"BRAND NEW SONG ON OUR BAND PAGE, DOWNLOAD IT 4 FREE!!! www.facebook.com/fastcarband"
"Counting sheeps so I could fall asleep."
"Can I please go with you?? :'("
"#sdmayornp has a lot of written plans just referred to his 110 page affordable housing plan"
"Health inspection today in DC for our truck. Wish luck!"
"Can I have a cup of the 'Chicken Dye-Jon' soup please?"
"WTF you doing ????"
"ha! True!"
"Giving opens the way to receiving."
"yup i wanna know all of them"
"I been feeling extra #emo lately....out of the normal #pisces tendencies..."
"I applaud you!"
"yes sir! Also releasing a new design for a shirt, I know you asked about some big dude sizes, we could hook it up!"
"Wow that's beautiful. Is it on the Richmond tour?"
"My baby is making me watch JUICE... damn this movie is fucked up but good!"
"Sometimes it easier to just be an asshole then to care..."
"Thanks Colleen! Looking forward to catching up next week when things calm down (post AAM & graduation craziness.) #muchlove :)"
"When is your \"Get It Girl\" video dropping?"
"pretty muddy place as I recall from the other day :o)"
"So when do our \"good friends\" the Saudis help us?...i think it might be the time we pull the plug on them........hm?"
"Immortal=I'm mortal"
"Make it or break it !"
"Great news! Roger Clemens to be indicted for perjury. Couldn't happen to a nicer guy!"
"Great way of putting losing weight. I'm a personal trainer and its hard explaining there is no easy way like their hoping!"
"bukan 3rd class, NO class at all!"
"Watched \"The New Girl\" w/ Zooey Deschanel. I was desperate for another sitcom, but was kinda disappointed in the pilot episode."
"wait i just checked theyre playing tomrorrrowww!"
"My parents home in foreclosure. Focus on my career track? Role reversal depression killing me. I can't help?.?"
"the girl in the mv damn cute. but the boy like no no"
"me too. Its one of the most versatile blu ray players."
"THAT WAS A GOOD ONE IMMA APPLY THAT"
"Despite Courtney's idiotic recent tweets, this past weekend's Hole reunion has me spinning & loving Live Through This all over again today."
"music is the only thing dat make sense"
"Gay Thoughts has a sick instrumental, the whole song is epic! !"
"\"Carrying change to access a learning network is not going to work.\" on making toll free web radio."
"Ex Libris extends my Oracle table space and Voyager catalogers can save bib records again. I appreciate the lightning-fast support help."
"don't think there is one at all this week, still coming off the All Star Break"
"just saw that you're a Cybils judge! Congrats and have fun!"
"I could chase you if you want? That tends to give folks some get-up-and-go."
"8PM:Cal Tjader+Jazz Soul Seven+George Duke+Oscar Castro-Neves sings & plays on his b-day+mre.Jazz88 FM"
"If #OWS goes nuclear WWII is not far behind. The death of the dollar is only going to happen if you buy in to NWO new world order!"
"info dot com for music sharing or for more info -- thanks for interest"
"Wussup wit it!!!"
"have not been on this in a while"
"Stevenson on Slashdot: Trying to imagine prod, distrib, consumption events in institution of media as a self-regulating system."
"there has to be a way."
"Anyone have an O You ATL ticket for sale? Would love to buy it from you. Thx!"
"Vijay Iyer and Herbie Hancock in the same weekend....a pianist's dream!"
"Thank for joining our network! Visit us at www.hairlink.co"
"Now there is one outstandingly important fact regarding Spaceship Earth, and that is that no instruction book came with it"
"haha sorry you keep taking the bait"
"Fake hair.fake smile . fake friend. hun, are u sure u weren't made n china ???"
"my fave pharmacist ♥"
"I swear i can open my mind to lots of things but not those big stupid glasses. I want to spaz on the floor yelling www"
"ooh! Could you send me the info?!"
"Booing repeal of DADT"
"So your purpose is what you say it is. Your mission is the mission you give yourself. Your life will be what you create it, as and no one w…"
"Have you called to book your fun party cruise! Have questions call us 305-816-2008 Discount Code: GloStar~"
"Where's all the single ladies at"
"I swear I'm the biggest chicken ever."
"School tomorrow :/"
"I have seen a lot of people's true colors lately ...hm"
"Happy Fourth of July! What are you doing to celebrate?"
"Play is under review after that ball hit the right field wall."
"Lessons from #vatorsplash - talk really fast, make uncool => cool, follow your customers, keep the core prod small, don't compete; innovate!"
"Oh May...put your arms around me. What you feel is what you are..."
"I want someone else to blame, besides me."
"i hate oprah"
"Ghost town in the office today. Did somebody forget to invite me to a funding party?"
"I buy 5 kg bags of 36% Caramelia, kilos of nibs... I think it's more an addiction."
"thanks for following, I'm following YOU closely"
"May the forth be with you! Tomorrow during #Mifflin2012 don't turn to the dark side, follow the rules and have fun!"
"\"There are only 2 reasons why people can hurt you. 1. You really care about them 2. They don't care about you\""
"where do you work ?"
"with jenn, discovering the joys of twitter"
"Phoenix Bats"
"what cleanse do u suggest"
"Everybody that didnt show me love on my MF B-day! FUCK U... Cause I always show sum love.. So kiss my ass!"
"It's only one game! Thanks refs!"
"follow me bitches!!!!"
"back in Morristown"
"We're making a SWITCH, head over to The Upset Victory & \"LIKE\" our new and improved page!!"
"time for a few brews."
"Win the NCAA “: Happy St. Patrick’s Day! In Chicago, they dye the river green. What does your city do to celebrate?”"
"For all of you animal lovers! I guess that tomorrow 10am is the Open House for the new Ozaukee County Humane Society!"
"Ex-wife of former Vandy chancellor supports medical marijuana bill"
"YES SHE DOES!!"
"You definitely should! The last one was a blast!!! :)"
"But drupal is great. We love drupal! drupal, drupal, drupal!!! (there's a lot of drupal love here)"
"What the hell!! I didnt think it was suppose to rain 😱"
"isn't that a meatloaf song?"
"I don't really care if my socks match if I have pants on."
"Have a great week:)"
"Happy opening of Ruined !!! Amazing show and cast !!"
"Thanks Scott! :-D"
"go tp Bethlehem Steel in Batimore, Maryland. Lots of death unrecored. I know someone that died there. Traped souls, and coverups"
"Seriously, Preds, pull it together."
"maaaaaannnn, I can't pass up free coffee"
"fair enough, I suppose...but Whitney was in it."
"RT \": #34waysfoundation & needs to be trending ...... we are giving away free watches !!!!!"
"#yawn nice comeback. you stfu. you're a mess. why don't you stick to what you're good at: multiple sex partners."
"Today success came in the form of Hundred Dollar Bills"
"This is an invitation from doy"
"I can never please anyone."
"Heading to Cali soon!! Details? Anyone? Bueller?"
"Between 2000 and 2011, Hispanics accounted for more than half of the US population increase."
"great. Just checking up on ya little rachett self lol"
"Nice meeting you last night at the Chicago CIOsynergy event. A fine presentation from you as well."
"haha, not that I heard. He seemed a little alarmed at how pushy Parisians can be - VERY understandable."
"what happened?"
"So sleepy, time for a nap. It's about time I actually slept instead of relying on pots and pots of coffee."
"thanks Curt!"
"She going a little too hard on that mic..."
"And what is his response? lol"
"griffin where/when are you moving!?"
"always prepared 4 anything"
"A line for the men's room and no line for the women's just doesn't sound right."
"Battle Los Angeles = Poop. Details on the blog."
"The Bulls should def go after Steve Nash"
"Anybody can lower prices--but can you raise the quality of the products & services you offer?"
"Watching last season of Hell's Kitchen. I just can't get enough of Gordon Ramsey.....hehe"
"Trying to nap but being unsuccessful is so annoying. I don't get itt"
"I knew Darcy needed to be fired b4 season started"
"Pretty sad when valet guy remembers you from last visit @ San Luis Resort. I don't think they call that \"sad\", Amy"
"you get this life thing!"
"RT if you actually made it through Lent without Twitter like they said they would lol"
"Dear Jesus, help this man get what he needs. Thank you."
"YAY! I am glad you got them!"
"party was boring.."
"you inspire me"
"RRT: Thanks for the shout out!!! >> Very welcome! :)"
"Yes indeed."
"Happy Mother's Day to , to the moms we've lost, still have around to hold, love & appreciate and the ones yet to join the ranks!"
"AP: '...political intelligence industry had lobbied hard to get Rs to modify Senate's plan' MT National AP Story on"
"Working with SWW on Haudanashonee women and Matilda J HGage- Q: What was role of Iroquois model on feminists in 19th century?"
"omg. Did you see that IRL? Glad everyone is ok!"
"1 pizza and 2 bad movies equals 3 glorious hours of pure couch potato debauchery. Yes, this is how I party when left alone for the night."
"nice... Looks like u could use a hand or mouth"
"Us too! RT : Pumped for 2012 Southwood Project Feels like the first day of school!"
"Sorry! We could try to lobby for extensions for you, if you'd like. ;)"
"Have you ever done a case that LEGIT freaked you out?"
"So many great ideas from Twitter...I have to force myself to turn it off!"
"Can't do no favors for the haters, no, I don't owe you like that."
"Come in and ask for LUPITA OR JOEL and they Will Hook You UP! just say HECTOR sent me and I need my Margarita!"
"almonds are my easy go to protein. I snack on the all the time."
"Getting ready for running club...kinda like book club but show up out o' shape & running partner won't have it! High knees, high knees..."
"WARNING Actors before taking classes or seminar google the person giving the classes and after the name type fraud or scam, protect yourself"
"Panthers by one! I'm diggin this!"
"I will see you Friday, Is it outside? In the downtown area?"
"\"The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn..\""
"Rogan is too funny. Listen to his podcast Sodomy_Slim."
"You can't soar with the eagles if you're out hooting with the owls. I gotta go to work"
"As long as no parents had injuries... I consider that a big success!!"
"Proactiv commercials must be where celebrity careers go to die."
"What better than Burgerville before the big new year's eve party...enjoy great food then go party..."
"At Barnes & Noble."
"Please do nerd day tomorrow"
"Counting down the hours... RT : Young Alumni Happy Hour tonight at Binkleys on 54th and College! 6–7:30 p.m. (It's free!)"
"yes awesome"
"Prosecutor #AngelaCorey is smart as hell!!!! I need her part of my team..."
"I forgot that we also lost in walk off fashion, to the Phillies, last year. Difference: Brandon Lyon was the goat."
"Taylor wasn't \"left out\", he just wasn't picked!."
"Thanks buddy! Hope you have an awesome weekend!"
"Hate when a guy refers to his girlfriend as \"his bitch\" -.-"
"This is intense."
"Uh I never do homework.. I come home, tweet,sleep, eat,tweet then sleep again."
"\"No great man ever complains of want of opportunities\""
"Sometimes I try to be!"
"& student talks about sitting in on podcast recording by from and featuring"
"EMOJI!! >:(( sunday cookout? can't WAIT"
"Sticks and stones may break my bones, but whips and chains excite me!"
"So you can't get any porn apps on the iPhone. That would be a gold mine!"
"I have no idea how I didn't lose my sunglasses yesterday."
"no, boo! already on a plane. next time!"
"Fucking awesome day."
"#MyCelebCrushIs there a latin american actress with personality? Her lol"
"Please don't be upset with me. You have your health, be thankful. ;-) RT Bite the big one, Junior."
"On Sept.19, Ottawa-born illusionist Erix Logan will represent Canada at the 100 Years of Magic celebration at The London Palladium."
"Just warm enough to let baby girl trick-or-treat. HELLA cold by Bay standards. What's good back home?"
"i'm about to see!!"
"No need for debate. Wondering if Backpage profits from minors sold for sex? Spend ten minutes looking @ their \"adult ads.\" Tragic."
"Omg my sisters an I are watching a spanish soap opera called Eva Luna. It's pretty interesting even though I can't understand spanish haha!"
"Holy crap!"
"Missed the Kentucky derby 😡"
"Don't forget to get your special package while you are there."
"He tends to stay away from livestock after a bad experience w/ Dad's horses. Does chase chickens tho, we need to break that :("
"hey thanks for the follow;y"
"I know the feeling."
"A abstract is in: \"Every Sensation is Only a Number: Tardean Statistics, Computer Audition, and Big Data\" not sure what it's about yet…"
"<---- this genius spent about 10 mins after work looking for his coché, cuz he forgot where he parked -_-"
"follow me(: love you and your mate cody simpson!!!!!"
"Actually loving ALL of 's posts.. Time to hit the stores and farmers market, the asparagus looks divine!"
"Oh ya I'll get you a life size one of me in my white lingerie haha. That's normal...."
"I #BELIEVE that I wanna hear a bit of the new Album ! Pick me if you choose randomly of course ;-) #feelthelove <3frGAJB"
"Attention: Fado affectionados! Fado comes to Carnegie Hall January 24th! Don't miss it..."
"you should have"
"Can't wait to see what skip has to say! Lol"
"Ok, ran into an intruder and called the cops. Whew, THAT was freaky"
"I see no signs of recipes"
"Text me💟"
"Just had tests done and (yuk) blood drawn...so I won't know for a bit. Thank you for asking!"
"Deep Song by is a fantastic album, it just is, deal with it."
"Got to luv ya ♥"
"I can tell you the non-3d version was awesome."
"Don't be afraid of saying no to the \"wrong\" renter - why risk your good tenants?"
"omg! You have 11 followers!!! :) haha"
"#Khedira was everywhere tonight. For me, he was the man of the match... Real Madrid back four as a unit not far behind."
"LOVE chia seeds. I soak them in water and blend them in a green monster smoothie."
"does anybody else hate commercials as much as I do???"
"Excellent! See you soon!"
"Agreed my friend. So sorry he left."
"I know Jalen Rose pissed at Stephen A. Smith and Skip Bayless lol. His eyes red as hell."
"Exploring shell fish for the first time. Shrimp cocktail...no reaction other than a grossed out face. She doesn't like it \"yet\"."
"People's hard work never gets appreciated ..... Smh"
"Thank YOU !"
"\"The whistles and sirens from the yachts are heard... Until there is a perfect pandemonium of sound.\"- STRANGE INTERLUDE"
"Loved that non-Greek students attended Greek flagged #txsummit sessions!"
"your bio annoys me"
"Spotify is pretty cool ... no invitations at the moment, but will let you know if/when that changes."
"Thanks for following me..I appreciate it :)"
"Sessions this morning, then meetings.. getting ready for Google next week!"
"The issue should be resolved. Please let me know if you are still not able to get it work properly. Regards"
"Not sure how “valuable,” but still helpful & fantabulous! /cc"
": AAP, ASMP, AG wld argue intl dig itself is an infringemnt, regardless of nonexpressive use. What do you think?"
"I gotta somewhere to get something to eat ...my fridge is empty"
"Firehook Bakery also bakes a small round loaf of chocolate cherry bread, neither too sweet nor too chocolaty!"
"The human element is the most important part of making music. - Dave Grohl."
"Ayé j'ai installé what's app"
"I really want to cry over these stupid papers. WHY."
"We will be closed from the 24-26 (morning) for the holidays. We will open back on Dec 26 @ 5pm. Happy Holidays!"
"Let's get shitty."
"loving beer is reason enough to free beer, right?"
"I will :) I'm going to sanfansicoco :) haha I can spell pshh"
"Update on My Drycleaner fire in Little 5 Points: cause of fire to be released next Tuesday. No claims until then."
"wanna meet me somewhere"
"Today's Austin Wine Salon: tasting through 45 Italian whites from great producers like Gaja, Tua Rita, Antinori and more. Can't wait!"
"Another new tagline for the Internet #ANTFTI: The Best Info Feed Money Can Buy"
"are the hours on the clock goofy? It said i already voted today. Im just trying to vote every day for my favorite!"
"Yeah I've already had that discussion with them. After all the players/coaches/band etc, PDX alums have next to no tix avail"
"Agreed...Lynn B. will milk about half a dozen incredible stories out of this."
"RT if you love your friends from Barbado!"
"A televised 3 way with plenty of Santorum."
"All i dream for is FLAWLESS skin."
"Bruins pull out a win. One more win to go tonight."
"*quivering* RT : Everyone stay calm. Take a deep breath. is seeking volunteers."
"Yet another reason to quit: your heart disease risk is two to four times higher if you smoke cigarettes."
"King of Prussia Mall being evacuated bcs. of a live grenade found on premises? Any one have any other info ?"
"RT : Let's go ! Beat BYU!"
"that sounds great! Do you have any ideas for your presentation yet? I need to research the format for examples."
"so you will never date a Packers fan? Hehe"
"“A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.\" - John Lennon"
"This week's #SNLideas — #MIckJagger in studio cranking out \"Moves Like Adam\" while dancing stiffly & awkwardly"
"Thanks for your call tonight. I was very happy to discuss the Facebook/Organ Donor story with you. See you at 11!"
"Had a great talk w/one of my former colleagues yesterday. He is out of the biz4now but will b back soon I bet. He is doin well tho."
"Thanks for the RT! Just a quick note--it's a middle school :)"
"RT : I'm hosting #Echelon3000 tonight! & performing live!!"
"this is your last day on Twitter for a week better get all your tweeting urges out!"
"#TextMsgsThatMakeYouHappy I need to sit on something"
"Nw: Miami heat vs NYK this is gonna be a gud game"
"We like that you're kicking it off with us!"
"It's a great day here at - let's get a win tomorrow and this week will be back on track!"
"I say waits for me tomorrow (:"
"Kinda weird how quite Twitter is about #mothersday. Is it because you're all planning a HUGE SURPRISE for me? Because I'm all over that."
"who is he there to see?"
"I haven't been sorted yet, looking forward to it!"
"wow, never seen a check written to me with that many zero's"
"Is that a boy or girl?"
"I miss That So Raven so much"
"Keith, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed."
"I honestly need a new phone. My phone is SHIT. Complete SHIT. I am so done! Nformdhwlsbdn e"
"Thanks for the follow! (:"
"Just got a nook. Any recs for books i should purchase? Novels?"
"Thanks for the RT!"
"Bored at work sumbdy Vox me"
"Hey, folks! If you had to pick an author to blurb a work of literary horror, who would you choose? Is it someone you know? Tell me!"
"you can add a pic and bio info too :) I went to #twitterbash and learned all about it :) now I'm having much fun!"
"Just switched from Firefox to Chrome....wowowwowowowowowow!!!!"
"This part is sung... This is the part. Where I rip out your heart. Suck on your love. This is the time when this bitch shines! Hella pure"
"Looks like lots of free iPhones at"
"WE NEED TO MEET ED SO WE CAN LEEDLE WITH HIM"
"#DeepestSongsOfAllTime Janet - Doesn't Really Matter"
"I can't take you seriously if you call your hamstring a \"hammie.\""
"Good job but it is too hot"
"haha yeah they definitely didnt on that february night"
"I really want a bunny. I think that would make me happy. 🐰"
"When are you moving to Miami? Not any closer to Indiana:("
"that sucks! I cut myself with a steel prong yesterday at work :/"
"Taken out of context based on your interpretation?"
"thanks you T"
"or that spot in Brandon. Lol"
"All you know is all you need to be great"
"Girls who have boyfriends that upset you shouldn't be able to drive"
"transient zombie?"
"i wonder how long my time line would be if i started it from when i first joined twitter"
"We're servin' up lunch Sugar Shack style. Come on by"
"I'm there"
"I just need to plug in your sim card into my phone quick, plug it into your itunes to start it up and that's all"
"Bro, I don't think these youngins realize what would happen if I was in attendance at the beach. ROOOLLIN' Sheen Shit! Leeegoo!!"
"you're money bud. Thanks for your consistent effort, passion and leadership!"
"I love because she loves and cares for her fans! She sings wonderful! She's pretty! There's so many reasons!♥"
"Compliments are so nice."
"of course! what do you do there?"
"You're welcome! Thanks John."
"See you tonight! RT : Dinner club at tonight. Woohoo! Can't wait. I'm starving."
"“: SHOWCASE!!!!! ” Good luck NYFA students!! Break legs!"
"T1 lectures are only as good as the lecturer and most lecturers aren't good (although they think they are)"
"I like the way you walkin' if you walkin' my way."
"Our cats are playing the live action version of Street Fighter right now, and it's awesome."
"there you Go w. That nasty ahh song (:"
"If I can drive down Brownsburg's crowded 267, I think I can drive with four screaming children."
"I think I may miss the way i used to play around with #oomf. Surprised."
"indeed indeed"
"Very impressive portfolio nice work!"
"The last time I met a gal w/a cat, I almost lost my balls for, during doggie..."
"Congratulations to ! He will help to guide the power of #swang across the world."
"Got my copy of Borderlands back! Wheeee!"
"You're welcome! Happy #FF!!"
"is hunkering down for pre-pro on What Would Bear Do?"
"Excited 2 emcee #alumni event 2nite!! Excited to meet Kelly Larson, HS & College Alum, Pres Allen & Coach Jacobson"
"No coach in your area? I see that Accenthelp.com is 40% off today and tomorrow with discount code 'roadtrip.' (Good materials in a pinch.)"
"Sue Gordon at #WMNatSec: \"Be who you are every single day and people will learn to count on you\""
"and the Countess stays, of all people?!? And Kelly's crazy and harmless...it seems like an unnecessary cut :-\"
"it was actually one of the more dramatic moments of this trial."
"That has be one of my favorite Bachelor moments ever, one point for true love!"
"trying to work are you gonna be around Norfolk?"
"Performance @ Dade-County Youth Fair tonight!! See u there"
"Got my mom something cute from Gaiam.com =) can't wait to see it when it gets in!"
"Doing some production with"
"i Love Justin Bieber soo much i cant even explain it ! <3 (:"
"There should only ever be 4 things trending on twitter and that is bacon, beer, bitches and John Wayne the real American hero."
"“Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation.” - Walter Cronkite"
"HAHAHA this is why you asked how to spell my twitter name???! “: RT is the coolest dude out there”"
"Wow 98 degrees in tucson arizona! Anyone want to join me at the pool?"
"Cabana night"
"You're welcome. :D RT : girl we should! Thank you!^.^"
"I have an amazing view of Mt. Hood in 2 minutes! It will really feel like a Friday once you see this skycam."
"Hello king sized bed!!!"
"Driving would be much more exciting if it was like Mario Kart"
"A fool if u need me to handle your light work in DC that shyt aint bout nuffin #GBE #DUDLEYBOYZ fuxx 3milli its always 300 BLAKE!"
"Early morning Treadfit for the first time in a long time... I have a feeling I am going to be very sore/sleepy today!"
"Itz my song.:..hope u liked it"
"loved it :)"
"ASMAC PRESENTS: A luncheon with Frank Marocco-the most recorded accordionist in the US- Wed. April 20th 11:30 Catalinas Jazz Club Hollywood"
"Mission accomplished"
"81% of shoppers conduct research before they shop typically for an hour or more"
"Romantic Tip #421.5 - Discover your partner's passion! What do they love - like a hobby or a passion for their heritage or a sports..."
"Cold feet"
"Why did everybody hate Wesley Crusher so much?"
"Dan Lauria joins on Fox Five \"Sports Extra\" Sunday night at 10:30, talking draft week and all things football.."
"The power of Ice coffee"
"Ride or Die crew"
"Why I'm till so Sleepy? I just woke from a eight hour nap. Wth?"
"Tonight's South Park is killing me."
"Free Food,, watch www.downow.info watch \"Welcome\" enroll www.dowsite.info my contact #'s on site, 125 leads per week !"
"HAHA. Noo I'm not going there..I was just asking:) well my hole fam had J names.."
"The little things we shared are gradually disappearing and that's what scares me."
"as crazy as it sounds, that could be the difference in the game"
"It is important to expect nothing, to take every experience, including the negative ones, as merely steps on the path, and to proceed."
"Thanks for following me! Love you guys' mission!"
"Austin \"you know you're wearing jeans but not a shirt? haha or bra?\" jesse \"she doesn't wear those, i'd know\" me \"what?! how would you..-_-\""
"I'll fight you!"
"I should try and get some sleep see you guys in 2 hours when I give up"
"“: An entertaining Super Bowl was made more enjoyable by fact we won a pool w/Giants' late TD, failed 2-pt play” same here"
"#genomesolver sarah elgin, wash u, at curenet meeting presenting on the well-known GEP \"there are no answers in the back of the book\""
"#tsdday Love the team!"
"The person we think it is sounds British. So I can only hope :("
"If anyone needs me today, I'll be passed out in the backyard."
"My little sister just asked me if Google+ was better than Facebook. I told her it was. You can thank me later, Google."
"Mahalo KF. See you & K next week! Aloha."
"What do you think is the biggest news story of the day? Tweet and we may write more about it AND give you a prize"
"God damnit, you are so fucking annoying. Just shut the fuck the up."
"Real Hoes Get Down on da Floor...."
"but you know I'm kidding right? lol. I gave up on that shit"
"hahaha thanks man."
"Come aboard."
"Aww that sweet! =D"
"Someone, text me back!"
"Horse Slaughter Request Spurs Outcry"
"hahahahaha, surprised I didn't to be honest, because it's usually me that that sort of stuff happens too;-)"
"Also, \"the doctor gave me a pill and I grew a new kidney!\""
"We can't wait for the #NFLdraft tonight! Two followers won a #ColtsDocsVIP table tonight ! Have fun & !"
"I refuse to look at trending topics. Every time someone does a brain cell dies."
"Flying. I don't think I could survive a drive... Already too anxious."
"indeed it is"
"Why am I still up knowing I have to be up early."
"Im not very happy right now"
"I have Ricky Gervais handcuffed in the trunk of my truck. Let me know if you want him to take over."
"\"...it's no wonder bra...\" Get it? <crickets>"
"Just had our first experience in SF after waiting 25 mins for a cab to NOT show up. Hedi our driver was awesome!"
"I can post it or if u DM ur email address I'll send it to ya!"
"I guess I am doing all the wrong things in building a true business . Anyone out there that can help . Who has made real money ?"
"Googling old friends, only to find that one \"lost her battle with depression\" in 2005 at the age of 29."
"Make that just heroin. We all know now about Mantle's alcohol problem. Bonds' own \"drug problem\" makes comparisons hard."
"starting the study sesh with #themotto actually just makes me want give up and drink."
"I can't believe that my sister and I used to stand in the pre-dawn Black Friday line at Best Buy."
"Most hated; can't be faded. 👍"
"What an awesome day! Surf & then opening the bar... Happy hour at 4 come on over to & say hi"
"Even when we have differing beliefs, it should be goal of every American to include civil rights for ALL of us."
"not arguing. 600 is 600, as Bonds taking the alltime mark- true. Steriods wouldn't have entered had they not proved beneficial."
"I love old skool R&B #VH1Soul Channel"
"The Lure Lounge..in chinatown"
"he makes a nice tuna casserole…so you are in good hands.. : )"
"Of course right after i shower , my bus calls to say its not running"
"miss it;)"
"I've always wanted to do a cruise anyway, and when I saw the clubs on board? I was like, \"Okay, I can avoid kids there!\" LOL"
"GOT MY FIRST CAR! :D Yeah Boy! HateLies<3Trust"
"What would you like to ask President Obama during his trip to Western Washington?"
"things will never be the same!!!"
"Girly night with (:"
"I just wanna cuddle and fall asleep in someones arms :/"
"wat bout me???"
"\": PR is now actually 70% female (compared to back in 1987, when there were 20 females for every 80 males). #womeninpr1\""
"Today is the big JP Morgan shareholder meeting this morning. Stay tuned..."
"RT RT :\"The great thing to remember is that, though our feelings come and go, God's love for us does not.\"C. S. Lewis"
"Thanks! Hope you are well!"
"That's home. Were moving into my grandmas old house, paying very low rent, trying to save $."
"Can't wait to gwt back on track ASAP"
"\"There are bad forces that bring suffering & misery to the world, but I want to be a force which is truly good.\" John Coltrane #jazz”"
"I can't believe you ousted me! ;)"
"should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 21"
"Spent the afternoon at the Senior #PGA Championship at Colorado Golf Club. Beautiful day!! Congrats to #TomLehman!!"
"if you didnt drive so crazy, i'd follow you a bit more. #justkidding #orami?"
"Back to school from 2 week spring break <<<<"
"maybe after he impossibly eats his own weight in food."
"Video for my single -\"Who do you think you're foolin\" coming soon"
"my default craigslist.com landing page is for Goa - does it give you these randomly if you dont specify a city in the url?"
"Shaksadeducksade....Say that!!!!"
"The legal eagle on my crack team of mentors: ! I'm shaping up to be quite an event if I do say so myself."
"In the fast lane and I won't change by the glamorous oh, the flossy, flossy ;D"
"I Just rented friends with benefits on iTunes for my iPod & it's taking long!! I don't have patience but oh well I have to wait"
"The shows stylist must have shopped sale racks at Mervyns and RAVE. Sweet deals."
"YES!! “: Go Niners and Cowboys :)”"
"\"Da do da do da do you believe in magic?\" - \"Why yes, I do that is in the bed.\""
"fresh dressed.......sike"
"it's out already!?!?"
"My pandering for followers is 15 followers short right now."
"Saw some great examples using interactive digital whiteboard app ShowMe in #slbootcamp breakouts! Nice job, everyone!"
"Happy Valentine's Day! What will you be eating tonight?"
"that's great you checked out the school. I know it won't be easy but nothing worth having comes easy. You will do great."
"she's great."
"Wow, what a coincidence...that song came on the radio... #killme 😲🔫"
"you go girl with your bad bracket self :)"
"You shouldnt rely on others to be happy but there are a lot of things that we SHOULDNT do that we still do today"
"We are each unique. Let's honor ourselves and each other for what ever and everything that is."
"what's goin on"
"It is very interesting the the ADHD \"epidemic\" increases on the east coat. We are too fast paced for our own good."
"\"Why do you have such a big crush on ol’ girl???\" MY. THOUGHTS. EXACTLY."
"Tweetable! (I'm one of the 4 Matrix like Hitmen they mention) type in BOUND BY BLOOD: WENDIGO - GoErie.com/Erie Times-News www.goerie.com"
"nothing much how about urself?"
"RT If you judge people, you have no time to #Love them."
"Good Luck Today in Mississippi , , , Come back on a #winning note!!"
"will before the concert comes!!!!"
"aw:* we love you too bo!!!"
"2:30 and still up bored ..wish i was out having fun"
"Sluts need to learn how to control their WHOREmones."
"saw ur dad today!! And took a pic haha :)"
"Who didn't love back on tv? Bring Back Ringer"
"you did really? Oh I didn't know haha"
"I think what Stella are trying to say is, 'if you drink Stella cidre, you are a knob'. Great advert if so, really pushes that msg."
"Any chance you'll be in Colorado sometime soon?"
"still recording sir, haha I'm gonna drop it in June tho!"
"in camden, nj also???"
"Beautiful morning"
"Thanks for the follow! and ,"
"guess I'll see y'all wen u get bac"
"Bro'n out watching blue mountain state. Funny show!"
"Trailer Park Girl Hoodie"
"#FALALA is #AMAZING! YOUR #AMAZING! I LOVE #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE!! best album"
"it's a fair amount of work getting a new computer from factory defaults to how you want/need it to be."
"Pumpkin soup, cream biscuits, brussels sprouts, sweet potatoes, green beans, mac and cheese, cranberry sauce. A very veggie thanksgiving!"
"hahah! This must be some sorta Freaky Friday fashion swap."
"Contact Portland School Board now an oppose PE cuts!"
"reminds me to make a list of the reasons leaning on lists is dumb"
"i will <3 ya"
"You can breathe now. RT : \"The order for Parks & Rec is for a full-season 22 episodes.\""
"She Made My Night"
"You sure can, but all children under 18 must be accompanied with a parent/guardian!"
"that sounds fun! "
"rage? No. I got work in the morning. And I don't even like you."
"Thanks to everyone who came to #SpeakEasy last night! We had a great time. We think we hit our fundraising goal. Final count in progress..."
"lets party!"
"Damn it feels good to be a gangster!!! That's a win streak started."
"\": Don't look wrong cause I WILL get on ya ass!!\" R we having a bad day? Lol"
"“Good girl, gone bad Crooked world, wrong path Right mom, wrong dad” ~Lil Wayne"
"thanks for the RT's!!"
"follow she will follow u back"
"Thinking...Thinking.."
"I hate that I am missing this. Have fun."
"How long should I expect the graduation to take on Sunday. You wanted to know my life?, Dinner Sunday."
"I've been singing since before I could probably talk. One of my all time favorite singers is #CelineDion she's epic haha"
"Finishing my temp PA/EA role this work and hungry for something permanent!"
"Celebrating the signing of Citizen Icon!!!!!!"
"nah I am sure there are more... I am boarding a deadhead from MEM to ATL then going to CAE...you?"
"Thanks for the mention and for following"
"Erotic Photo Hunt is a great way to meet new people! #thoseboobsdon'tmatch"
"How do CORAL users input license terms and text? Do users share license data across institutions?"
"Good point- #BBQ could work for July #LetsLunch too"
"Rainbow monkey ugly ass shit"
"ACRL President: \"Our library future is a little like a dime bag\""
"trying to make sense of, add value to, George Will/Andy Revkin brouhaha, w/o getting into multi-person mudpit. Can do?"
"In this week’s top inbound marketing article, Social Media Explorer discusses the need for more humanization when it comes to online market…"
"This game will be decided by Penalty Kicks! Come on Bulls!"
"I have 3 F's. One in my 7th period. I didn't even want a stupid 7th period. Roar!"
"\"Madison Bumgarner\" sounds like someone who teaches Literature Of The Middle Ages at Mount Holyoke. But he sure schooled Rangers tonight."
"good job caps! let's do it again on saturday!"
"Thank you...."
"Omw:( so sad... Listening to #BOYFRIEND wish i had some1 to sing me that:("
"#replacesongtitleswithboobs never close our boobs"
"lol I'm jk, I've actually never been the biggest Triple H fan. I've always thought he was petty overrated."
"tell Omar what up"
"I #Bet he'll sing a lil mariachi tune for you!! I #Guarantee it!! LMAO “ Lmao! I'm gonna say that and see what happens”"
"fucking love old eddie murphy flicks!"
"Food Network's Ted Allen lets us in his 'Kitchen' On “Chopped,” host Ted Allen lets others do the cooking. But in his new cookbook"
"I need a time machine...not to go back...just to create more."
"Just saw the \"flagrant foul\" on Ty chandler, cmon \"King James\" that's a little Bitch move Lmao"
"phone is out of commission you can reach me on here or fb until further notice hoping that apple can fix it tomorrow"
"Great Work On #Careless World Album I Love It Dude U And Drizzy Are The #Last Kings Of Rap"
"Great CD, glad to see you still grinding bra...."
"Sick in bed with a cold but very cozy with my cup of tea :) Love lazy sundays ;)"
"welcome to yoga RT : Just done yoga for the first time"
"Visit us at ALA Convention booth #2401 or online at www.neal-schuman.com to receive a 20% discount on all items! Use coupon code ALA10A."
"RT \": Everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die. #teamfollowback\""
"` ha ha i got me a valentine (: <3"
"i will watch tonight!!"
"How's Tiger playing? Course sets up well for him."
"Wisconsin state elections board orders recall of Gov. Scott Walker #wisrecall, #wirecall, #walker,"
"Happy birthday, John. You were taken from us much too soon."
"The whole world could be against me, but I still can't lose with Jesus! All I do is win"
"this kid that i meet while talking to kelsey at 1:30 in the morning on skype is creeping on my fb. should i be concerned??"
"Im bored."
"just got in from work I'm not watching the heat I'm a BULLS fan But u cool"
"did you watch that video..?! YOU NEED TO WATCH IT! And when you do, don't get any ideas, he's mine (;"
"good to know I'm not the only one who's done that. RT : On another note, I crashed myself going 5mph 10 minutes before the race"
"^jw I thought it was that corner but hard to confirm because it has changed so much"
"The 9yo HamSter is going to work with his step-mom today for Take Your Kid to Work Day."
"'Come at me Bro' is actually a catchy phrase. I like it."
"My grandmother is in the hospital and I'm at school. Anyone besides me see anything wrong with this picture?"
"Nah, probably just Loteria as entertainment.."
"If you're not following , you should be."
"That might be less unnerving if I knew what #arld12 is."
"(Elbert Hubbard) Responsibilities gravitate to the person who can shoulder them."
"Ah nice to hear it's sunny where you are :) We've got clouds but had days of sun so I can't bitch!"
"It's not a trick question if you can come by for a visit right now!!"
"My nigga Rondo showed out tonight."
"God told Derrick to rise, so Derrick Rose."
"i gotta get some medicine soon my dogg"
"uh - easiest question of the day. iphone. no debate."
"Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves."
"omg i hate myself oppsieee!"
"yay, thank you for the mention! Happy Valentines day!"
"RIP Donna Summer. Your legend lives on."
"Ugh I need some white shoes."
"Thanks to Jesus-- and God's grace- we NEVER have to worry about being on the naughty list."
"Sure you did xD"
"lol people and they twitter names"
"I wish my dad was in my life. 😔"
"my mom listening to keith sweat . His voice cracks me up . Lol"
"“NurburgRing” Sausage Benedict w Usinger’s Saucisschen Sausage, Spinach, Caraway Biscuit, Fried Eggs, Onion Strings and Beer Cheese Sauce."
"I'm happiest when I'm….NOT receiving promoted Tweets on my Twitter feed...RT Finish this sentence: I'm happiest when I'm..."
"I hope all the little kids running around my backyard step in dog shit"
"#mudmelt Joan has made art from mud with the mostly space element of iridium. This element crucial in determining asteroid hits."
"Happy Mother's Day to the most wonderful and deserving mom in the world....love you Mom! :)"
"hahaha yeahh not as rough as Thursday's.if I were you I'd try to skip those thursday workouts the stadiums are great."
"If a women need a friend, come be my friend i am always available for yo fine ass!! lol"
"It is brutal I asked for a 2nd opinion, they said make it stop! : #DEAD at \"wounded cat\"....#Icant\""
"Hi bed."
"stop on black friday and register too win and girft basket next audio dynamics farmington missouri"
"She just head butted that beach boy!"
"Independent Music by artists in the genres of Hiphop, Reggae(ton), Soul, Pop/Rock and Spoken Word! All at IVCTV.NET"
"Cleo and Mika are black showoff brainiac cats."
"I'm adding my vanilla to someones spice tho LOL"
"working out my geometry skills for funky angled project....will turn into something unique!"
"4th term! Congratulations to Mayor Coleman on a historic win."
"Arrrrrggggghhhhh!!!! WHAT DID MY DOG ROLL IN???? Bath today..."
"I can just picture Alison barreling down on some poor, hapless ENEMY. DETERMINATION in her eyes."
"Im drunk n high at the same damn time"
"Do i really love him or am i addicted to the pain of wanting something i can't have?"
"My 2yo is actually fighting with me over who gets to use the ipad. What have I created?!?"
"\"Reason is the method of science; faith is the method of religion; logic is the attempted technique of philosophy.\""
"AP Econ party time!!"
"Planning is in the works for the Cafe Bella Coffee outdoor Patio. Details to follow."
"These 13 yr old girls asked for a picture with"
"thank you!!! 8]"
"Does anyone know when the rest of the roster joins in for training camp?"
"Preach it! \"Thoroughness, Accuracy, Fairness, Independence, and Transparency\" don't require a press pass."
"We're going to be in need of some volunteers for the event. If you're down for it, let me know."
"yea.. Anthony told me..what days n time?"
"I'm your biggest fan. I'll follow you untill you love me.....or follow me. :D"
"Hey Everyone! Be sure to watch Texas A&M take on Northwestern in the Meineke Car Care Bowl of Texas on ESPN @ 11am CST/noon ET."
"\"You know you've sold out to The Man when at any point in your day wearing pants is NOT optional.\" - (via )"
"a bunch of shitty chains. I said the same thing."
"Not to sound like a conspiracy nut but there's billions of dollars at stake in maintaining ignorance."
"I wish she would have. She is such a legend but so happy for Erika Slezak."
"its been 2 days without eyeliner....its the weekend i think im going to go back to my regular self."
"\"There is one thing stronger than all the armies of the world, and that is an idea whose time has come.\" - Victor Hugo (via )"
"Deux dunks back to back de Paul Pierce le genou va mieux."
"Met with another advisee, sent out a few more emails, looked over some paperwork for a service obligation."
"Would be nice if sms messages would go thru on Sprint in a timely fashion today :/"
"haha. As soon as I talk to my brother about residency! I just need to make sure I can pay my tuition. I wanna get out for good."
"SOME STUPID THING ABOUT BREASTFEEDING ON THE COVER OF 'TIME' MAGAZINE!"
"I love balconies"
"Pavlov's Dog"
"But forget you guys, I'm going back to Hawaii."
"“: Cheating on a good girl is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock.”"
"I will wire $10 through bank accounts if you take good photos and video record it"
"What a lovely 24 hours it's been - reading while my main squeeze fixed din 'Teen Witch' viewing and 12 hrs sleeping during a thunder storm"
"Would love to see you. PM me when you're coming!"
"i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily d"
"good morning"
"Your presence should always be remembered so dress the par"
"8:00pm tonight! Part 2 of \"My Image\" on LA Talk Radio .com Listen in!"
"Rabbit Romping in the sun with the little one !"
"im small enough u should just take a large suspicious man purse and ill hide in it :p"
"That's wrong on so many levels but, LMFAO ... *Drops Head*"
"My children have developed great character, morals and values. Fathers teach your children by example."
"'Have You Seen Her' or 'Think About It'"
"Happy Sunday tweeters! We have #jewelers on site 7 days a week so come by #Paradise Valley Mall today!"
"Even better in person!!"
"Gmail users experience outage - CNET"
"I meant no disrespect saying cafeteria style. I was just trying to paint a picture for the readers. Thanks for the mention!"
"Just put your skin baby on my skin."
"\"Writing is more difficult than making a really hard game.\" --Michael \"Kayin\" O'Reilly, creator of 'I Wanna Be The Guy'"
"The mayor nominated Ms. Anne M. Selee, Dr. Cathleen A. Gray, Ms. Velva R. T. Spriggs, Ms. Faith J. Bonner, and Ms. Michelle Y. Rose."
"link isn't working"
"Go back and listen to Hello Nasty."
"Pinky promises are LEGIT. You NEVER break a pinky promise."
"CU on Sunday as I share a word @ Hank Stewart\"s White Linen Sunday with music by CantonJones. The celebration will be @ the Sheraton Atlanta"
"I miss talking to you!"
"wut da heck r these boxes?"
"A positive mind anticipates happiness, joy, health and a successful outcome of every situation and action."
"um....I'll feed you Whiskey, you will tell it."
"Hiya! Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to working with you on SUW!"
"Now He Wanna Be On Some Sweet Shit. This Nigga Bout Crazy As Hell."
"if there's only going to be one beer than we rather it's top-notch and heavily concentrated ;)"
"Today's the day! Dine early, dine often to benefit - we love #DiningOutForLife!"
"thanks for the follow. How are you today."
"my sister and her religious beliefs annoy me."
"I saved some tickets for you. Come ask for Kristie at the Popped! Republic truck."
"Chase Budinger crushed the first round of the #spriteslam but I bet he does not win because this is just a pop contest now"
"Fave hidden gem museum is - lots of multimedia and participatory exhibits."
"Totally useless tweet of the day: I'm going to have rice."
"he loves hockey! And football!"
"Ugh, 'the nanny diaries' is a thing"
"When I see your face there's not a thing that I would change Except the direction I'm walking"
"Q7: Nutcrackers were first handcrafted in 17th century Saxony. Will any of your gifts be homemade?"
"Demi is so inspiring ❤"
"I will :) Stop by if you have time! Or tomorrow with the munchkin :)"
"My behavior decisions need to consider the impact on others. 1 Corinthians 8:1-13"
"psh. It's gonna be amazing, I know it"
"I bet you $10 that you can't look at a picture of the Dancing with the Stars cast and name more than 2 of the \"stars\" without a caption."
"Congratulations to LaMont J. for his first performance as a solo artists! We are so proud of you"
"In Snow's map the people are invisible by name, but rpresnt deep ethnographic research by Snow & a priest who knew the fams."
"V much time when officials & friends can use major help-but not easy 2 ask as they are in throws of responding, fog of disaster"
"this one is really good. My teammates are getting silly tho so I might not stay for another..."
"well done lastnight Shane got us kicked out. #guiltyinbluedress!"
"maybe they actually checked this time."
"its going to be hot today !!!! lets go"
"I'm so lost without Jose :("
"haha i know you did and it wasn't weird! and i do love outgoing people! :)"
"ive lost count on beer runs."
"Yo we have to throw down some hoops when ya come to play out this way in June."
"getting demoted?"
"Bak on the road"
"Been on since 12:30 AM"
": Metallic-y white!"
"We're not old... we're better! That's what I tell myself before I take my Metamucil."
"Let's go Sactown"
"Ill be yo big bro!!!"
"can you plzz follow me because i cant send messeges thru the broadcasting thing plzz plzzz ? :)"
"I sat next to George Lindsey (Goober on Andy Griffith Show) at a banquet in Nashville once ....Great memories :)"
"So much on my mind idk how it all fit in my brain"
"-- Yes, he was my No. 1 sleeper from Day 1."
"#Yankees are making this kid look like Nolan Ryan"
"Wow listening to the song 'High Violet' by and the lead singer sounds a lot like Johnny Cash. Check it out. Great song too!"
"** O_O ** RT : I heard of a pregnancy turned into a worker's comp claim"
"Olson \"There needs to be a degree of confidence in the process. Two election days saves a third the cost versus separate days.\""
"A whirlwind week back East, and now headed home. Boys are zonked out, can't wait for my turn to rest!"
"i do"
"absolutely beautiful! You still got it, never lost it. Enjoy your day hun"
"the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and <---FOLLOW5"
"I am glad you did not decline me"
"Making muffins for my mommy (:"
"Angel's housewarming is today"
"See you on Saturday!"
"RT : #Jobseekers who Include quotes fm supervisors, teachers, others who support you, can add pizzazz/credibility to your resume"
"thanks for the follow back dude!"
"I'm hungry."
"congrats! very impressive indeed. & kudos to all of our friends who are by association linked from Wired as well Yip! :D"
"haha ya actually my big brother did so :p (;"
"I've said it before, but never on Twitter: is the world's best live performer."
"#icny dropping social knowledge."
"Contact form on site"
"glad i could inspire your decision"
"My day was wasted. I'm screwed. I need to finish lots more before friday."
"we did some of it at Sharkclub a while back. That's on YouTube"
"#SINCITY #SINCITY #SINCITY #DUBAI #DUBAI #DUBAI LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT"
"Joshua, thnx for the follow. do you send out wines for review? your line-up looks interesting at both levels."
"Is anyone else extrememly hot today?"
"youre twitter profile looks like mine.. full of foursquare checkins haha. goodbye summer indeed. enjoy old town social!"
"\"Can't reassemble a wad\" is probably my favorite thing anyone's ever advised me on Twitter."
"Good morning!!"
"Crushing Venice beach w big milt tonight. Shit is beautiful out here"
"COUNTDOWN until our FIRST #whereveryouaretour promo day: 8 days! If you want to help out e-mail for more info!"
"RT\": I'm making some changes, so if you don't hear from me your one of them\""
"Wisconsin is trending. Sweet! Guess that's because we're here. ;)"
"Having to play an arrangement of a song you know in the wrong key."
"On the Blogs: DIY Urban Gardening and an $8,100 McNugget"
"Was a reminder that I have credit remaining. Subject line was: \"You Have Unused Credit at The Clymb!\" Can FW too if helpful. :)"
"I just saw that today. I'll bet a dollar that Fod is going."
"It's time to grow up."
"hi james"
"Vegetarian - that's an old Indian word meaning \"lousy hunter\"."
"Awesome. A little librarian in the making."
"Ready to go home!!!!!! *DaKota MERCINARIES VP*"
"Baltimore's weather has seriously sucked. I've seen about 15 minutes of sunshine since I got back to the US."
"My sweet wife who is a libra. She is the greatest thing that happened to me in my life. The recent callback I attribute to"
"Thanks for the RT!"
"Switch to Claritin it works just as well since sucks for not joining the"
"Most expensive piece of ass title may go to Petrino mistress. $18,020,000 includes Petrino's lost wages and $20K walking money he gave her."
"Dr. Tomorrow can't wait 2 see when they think baby asa will make his appearance..."
"what a great game"
"thanks for the RT! and"
"I wish there were a job that let me cook for people. Like, I want to cook for people. For a living... Wait a minute..."
"Did you know 83,000 diamonds were purchased in the greater Milwaukee area in 2011?"
"You know what sounds fun? Running from the bull in Spain. It's got to be awesome and terrifying when you see the bull single you out."
"3 of the 4 D2 schools in this year's field are conference champs of mainly D1 conferences."
"I'm at ma fischers....close enough lol"
"followed, follow back PLEASE?"
"I wish you were in my bed as much as you are in my head."
"nigga I called you yesterday, you be on bs..."
"I blame Facebook not the phone. Their site has even been buggy for me lately"
"Austin Mahone my inspiration"
"twitter just told me you were similar to me. no shiz."
"we're looking to wrap our current album \"left\" up ASAP and get the new material churning for another album this year."
"Some people are still on their honeymoon. :)"
"you mean I can stop my uncontrollable guessing at the Trivia answers now? LOL THANK YOU!!!"
"Hooligan Don't let people makeU doubt how great Ureally R &U can't let what people say 2make themselves feel superior hurt you."
"come one he gets a duck! A duck! Then he gets weird on a dude and shoots a guy."
"morning tweepers \m/"
"I only have the 1 song from NSYNC's holiday album. i may have the actual CD somewhere. Call me tomorrow, was sleeping today"
"My brother just performed in the blueash elementary variety show."
"Interlink for CommitCRM adding ability for clients to view contract usage details via client portal."
"#morningbowl for some"
"I'm so happy I found this spot!"
"I would"
": no one [wins] an election by telling America that [it's at] the end of its \"providential allotment of inexhaustible plenty\""
"hey b all u can b baby when is your bday?"
"I keep track of New Books List variants in a very haphazard way -- with a NBL email folder titled \"Adaptations\""
"“: where was this visit at in Knoxville?” I heard it was at UT"
"Good morning to you all ;D"
"great service!"
"The difference is mentality; Atkins tends to be weight loss and short term, paleo tends to be lifestyle change"
"Had a great time at the info session this morning! Time to get started on my application for the Non Profit Mngmt program!!"
"jet setting huh? That's cool. U have fun?"
"ah. I hate wasps so much ! I would cry if I was you lol."
"dudee I was watching the game plan thee other day and like your such a great actress seriously :)"
"RT oh thank u for that. “: Look, I'm just gonna say it: I hate neon.”"
"I've lost my phone number – can I have yours?"
"Im not with them anymore. They were nice though. It's so hard finding the right team. Just keep on keeping on!"
"Are you in Denver/Arvada? Come to our Auction for Action THIS saturday at the DNote in Arvada!!"
"so you didnt play like 20 hands? Boo hoo, lag."
"I was pretty busy coming out of the holidayz with these silk scaves. you gottahave one.....404.454.7271 get at me!!!!!!!!!!"
"um that better be me."
"Anyone ever spin fire? Do you think its really necessary to go about taking workshops for it, thinking of signing up for a workshop in LA."
"Thats beautiful.Good to hear both of you are taking some me time.i'm hard at work networking down here - all business."
"Says he had breakfast with Hemingway. It must be his new movie \"Morning In Baltimore\"."
"Ikr I hardly get to do anything either. I'm still sick in a sense."
"Big move back to Mac tomorrow"
"aw :( hang in there babee, you'll see them soon enough!"
"Come on out and support OB Scholarships by coming to the first ever Reel Rock in Denver!"
"I miss my Thatchy Mc Thatcher Pants. :((("
"theme = Buddy likes The South"
"Hey Karen! Thanks for the following."
"Wednesday -6/1/2011 - DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!"
"That's right scal that's what we do"
"It's been a god weekend ."
"thank u my love you r a great girl too :) I have to study a little bit and I'll relax the rest of the day :D what did u do ?"
"Still trying to wake myself up...didn't get much sleep last night, ugh!"
"Radio Crystal Awards The theme: Community service is good for business. Here with"
"lost 5.5 pounds since his last weigh-in!"
"You will do great can't wait!!:D HaHa"
"#NF an solid disc jockey"
"Um people, beach hats are not derby hats."
"the pregnancy drama on the yacht was a bit absurd. It was LuAnn's night. Not Ramona's !"
"Regaling about last nights events... Mo and I ( Evan) wish we had a chance to throw down. Joe was the bigger man, we might not have been..."
"RT : let us know where we fit in. <- ok you're in town this wknd?"
"The Syrian regime has lost authority with the people to govern."
"Summers motto"
"Cryptic Wisdom's \"Tear the walls Down\" video drops 2morrow on my you tube channel \"NueWaveAZ\" and crypticwisdom.com check it out!!"
"I turned my phone onto “Airplane mode” and threw it up into the air. Worst Transformer Ever."
"I'd rather be home."
"Everything is Changing for Everyone."
"Life is a journey, not the destination, but the scenery along the should be and the mood at the view."
"A new year coming soon. I loved 2011! Can't wait to see how 2012 unfolds."
"watching beastly! <3 the best movie i ever seen!! :)i suggest you to watch it!"
"#thoughtsduringschool Please fall... That would make my day.."
"Talk to me, baby. Wall texts that talk like we talk. Make the conversation flow."
"I don't know what most of that jargon means, I just know it sucks."
"good day (: with the bestfriend <3"
"Wednesday is Spaghettini with Mushrooms day at Spaghetti Benders. Tastiest mushrooms ever."
"Let's see how long J lets me get away with watching the #oscars. An hour? Half hour?"
"I like Disney to"
"Off to my survival job. Feeling #grateful that I can still afford to pursue my dream!"
"Rockin' my new skinny jeans."
"Head is pounding and I have to go to work today. Crap."
"No, but I'll check it out."
"If you find the gift card and coupons and post your picture on our facebook page, we will add 5 more dollars to it!"
". the first rule is don't doubt yourself. If you LOVE acting then really love it and do it 100%. You can do anything."
"Sunday's almost over 😒😔"
"Oh, well, her mom died and their having a drum circle in her honor at the pier."
"Lol, I just noticed there hasn't been on Avengers movie ad during the Avengers show, what's up with that?"
"Ok Guys, you gotta follow !! Funny yet truthful tweets about Man Kind and the rules to being a Guy."
"\"I know I'm alive but I feel like I've died.\""
"lol ell ya"
"Question for all of the fantasy footballers out there in the Twitter-verse; Brady, start him or sit him this week?"
"Who can resist"
"#smcpbc #ArtafterDark talks about the importance of connecting both online and off to build community"
"Djamming with Hot Club of Hulaville from 6ish to 8:30ish tonight at Cafe Che Pasta. Come spend some quality first friday time with us :)"
"Good night & ! I love you both! Please tweet me a good night, & please please follow me too!:]♡ Love you! xoxox"
"Be on the look out we're about to roll out our Cover Photo template library..."
"who finna hit u up"
"Over the computer? They can't keep you grounded forever."
"<3 LOVE you boy"
"hearing Mark Lyons is considering Kentucky. Doesn't SEC have a rule against 5th year senior transfers? U think he ends up at AZ"
"greetings! visited Germany on business in 1987. loved it! drove down to a town near ettlingen called waldbronn."
"I'm not even white trash LOL"
"New episode of the hilarious / series tonight on ! Play along and get rewarded by !"
"wouldn't be good advice unless I corrected you... 501c(3)'s"
"Hope you get to feeling better😊"
"I play with\"real\" live(musicians) bands,not loops or sequencers or tracks,thats how I\"roll\"....OK?"
"I need more friend n followers ...... I need 20followers"
"Narrowed by custom"
"Give all your anxiety to the Lord because he cares for you. 1 Peter 5:7 I love when He knows what I need. Thank you God"
"you're such a thug."
"Thank you for following - a Chopra certified Vedic Master (Yoga), and Race Car Driver"
"Just the little things you do.<3"
"I said shopping \"cart\" instead of trolley and was thoroughly disgusted with myself. I've never been to the US either. G. Nicholson, Glasgow"
"All the waiters at Cheddars are feminine AF"
"i doubt it but its getting rough to watch. Id prefer stammen and keep clipp for 8th"
"Lets go thunder!"
"fat mac is on a roll tonight"
"I played 95 dollars for this weave plus tax BOW"
"I don't know what a smart boot is. Do those talk? They had white soles so I would say casual."
"I'm new to Fassbender appreciation, but have been a fan of Armitage for a long, LONG time. Definite winner for me."
"Wow you guys have impressed me with 25 followers in the last 12hr! If we can get up to 200 by Friday I'll do a drawing for something epic!"
"Drunk yet? ;)"
"the link was on erik's twitter but he took it down."
"Half smoke time! Peter Smith is showing us how to make D.C.'s best half smoke at 1:05 pm. Come to the DIY Salon on the field!"
"Lil b is the worst rapper alive"
"Thanks for the RT, Sharon! Appreciate it!"
"Let us know if you're interested in trying one out ;)"
"I'm guessing Sarah picked the movie."
"no CAMERO! but the 07' Impala SS works fine :)"
"More than doubled my previous highest views on the Sybaritic Singer yesterday. People must have really loved & !"
"Subscribe for an annual magazine subscription rather than the monthly basis."
"sit down some where lol"
"Just a video game"
"please notice me ashley!!!!"
"A special thank you to Ron Schildknecht & John Whitney for all their hard work on the Faculty Favorites Top 11 video. Great work!"
"\"If you don't care it doesn't matter.\" - Grandpa Cunsolo"
"On February 28, 1991, Don Mattingly was named the tenth captain in team history."
"Congratulations! You must be so excited. We serve an awesome God and I pray that He uses your devotional to bless readers."
"My head is spinning <3 lol now I can't go to sleep. :)"
"Weird how the people who know the least about you can have the most to say."
"Join us and at the Iron Horse 3-7 for the best Kentucky Derby Party in town!"
"That happened..."
"Never leave your animals alone in a parked vehicle! Your pet could have a heatstroke in as little as 15 minutes."
"One million dollars to the first person who can explain what's happening in Clintonville, WI. Not necessarily from me, mind you."
"My two favorite #Oscar performances this year that you probably didn't see: Christopher Plummer in Beginners and Nolte in Warrior."
"Sometimes I don't think people realize how hard it is to run this... the shit I get from people... yeah. It hurts. He's a favorite of mine."
"Back in here again"
"i just had one of the best days of my life..and only expecting them to improve..."
"You are very welcome! -Brian"
"At the #Hispz12 Corporate Diversity lunch. Looking forward to the rest of the week!"
"Life's too short 4 bad music .."
"Can't win em all."
"So what happen to the 21 and 22 year old youths we want something to do also."
"Ghetto fab...gets u ghetto status...which gets u ghetto robbed..!"
"preparing for new clients and a growing team. attitude of gratitude and all worth sharing with a certain someone :)"
"And there exits my favorite team...Bulls get healthy & make a run next year. Gotta know game situations. Time to cheer for the Pacers."
"I'll give it to you Marsh-mellow is a lot better than i thought.. Probably the best scorer in the league"
"Thanks a lot! It was a nice day."
"Hahaahahahahah, we just went to taco bell and the drive thru lady wouldnt stop cracking up...xD"
"hahahahaha! Omg we got it rough"
"\": wasn't Mars a part of the crew?\" I'm Not sure, but now that u mentioned him that verse is stuck in my head"
"Champions Against Bullying founder, Alex Penn, and LRF are jumping on the line with Bobby DeMuro on 1110 AM in a few minutes. Stay tuned!"
"People who wait more than an hour to reply to a text with “lol” should be shooted"
"lol that sucks! Hope you get better soon!"
"I can barely drive the G5 on King Drive it's like a brink truck they know theres money inside."
"Pleaes follow me back 🙏👼🙏"
"I get a poor connection when I'm downstairs on the far side of the house. Do I need 2 wireless routers or should I get an updated one?"
"what up"
"he's still working on white. He's only been at it a few months (and is only 4, but very dedicated)"
"there were so many beautiful words spoken tonight. very touching &well deserved."
"Nothing beats our amazing, Italian, slow cooked, all natural tomato sauce. Truly authentic and DELICIOUS! No sugars added."
"Going back to good Ole Clinton Co for the night with ?"
"Thanks for the follow and Don't Forget the Sunscreen"
"Sy Steals - A Daily Boutique & Handmade Deal Website + Weekly Giveaways: via AddThis"
"It's Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday! Everybody's looking forward to the weekend... so i can SLEEP!! :)"
"we're always open to hearing what you'd like to see…"
"I uploaded my integrity to the cloud so I can access it anytime I need it."
"follow and please! Hope you had a nice day:)"
"To the hoop , strong everytime. Take it to the basket men.....good things happen"
"Spurs take the lead. Let's go!"
"MUSIC NOTES: WOWEE THAT *FOXY SHAZAM* WORKING THE QUEEN STARTER KIT LI'L BIT THERE LI'L BIT"
"Great to see today. Had a blast talking hoops. One of the good guys in coaching."
"LMAO ellen.. that's not going to solve anything IT'S GONNA MAKE EVERYTHING WORSE LOL"
"So Happy U could Diee"
"Who are you prosecuting? I know your not being accused of anything."
"So I just got a visit from some Jehovah's witnesses"
"Dear drivers of route 3, Prepare for more misery than ever starting May 8th. Sincerely, VDOT"
"Still rockin' it out at #NSAI! Tonight is Christian Pitch-to-Publisher night!"
"Happy Monday everybody! We made Top 10 for \"Barbecue\" and \"Bar//Night Club\". Make sure you all vote every day this week!"
"Bt Its Cool, Im Ignoring Mfs Again"
"Dude I'm gonna have to leave my house at like 5 if I ever want parking at this fucking school. -_-"
"I think we might being a Kickstarter to get the rest of the volume edited - freaking editing is expensive"
"totally, right!! Good town brother"
"The new Sleigh Bells album could be a Twin Peaks soundtrack."
"man ! i love my new car , love my family, love my bf and gunnna love my new job hahah <3 life is good"
"It's National Clam Day. What better excuse to grab some clam chooowwwwdaaaaa! Who makes the best in San Diego???"
"Thanks so much Steve. Finding the time to process has been tough but worthwhile. Was great seeing you and Jason at Q."
"you are such a thug, fuck."
"their flower show. they worked hard on it, but u can see the corporate crippling of art. so bland im not offended"
"no way! Thank YOU Mer!!!!! You're the best."
"Dont worry sanchez, its manning, we have to go after him. Sanchez-whew that was close. Ryan-Sanchez, youre outta here. Its Tebow, we had to."
"Yes! RT : Glad you enjoyed the panel! We had a blast, too!"
"Sometimes you have to have a really dark day, to see how much light is left in you. :)"
"I thought Rick santorum never pulled out!"
"the only thing you need is a mic...everything else is practically the same. unless they include a synthesizer and autotune"
"Wicked was AMAZING last night! My favorite musical ever!"
"“: Help you I can.” See even Yoda is willing to help."
"I don't watch #madmen. I just try to teach my wife how to operate the Comcast clicker & DVR."
"I love youu!(:"
"Feeling sick!:/"
"How disrespectful can be?! Whichever party you're with, no #POTUS should ever be disrespected. Now back to toasting! Cheers!"
"I'm so proud of Carmelo"
"Already missing my cheer buddies! ! Epic day ladies!"
"Whose video are you going to use?"
"guess how many times iv seen nsn?? 5 times!!! and each time is more amazing then the last!! <3 love you forevor"
"I am thinking of taking my ccnet class through a community college"
"Basement might be flooded but thats not going to ruin this day, so excited to me <3"
"enjoyed another nice fire tonight, off to bed..."
"shot out to all u boys buying js to flip just to put food on the table#fatrat ibeen there"
"sucks but i will still cop a pair"
"Bought Jose some cute shit cause he's the bestestest."
"#fuckcancer #fuckcancer #fuckcancer Our 40 yr old friend, diagnosed same week as M, has just been put on hospice care."
"Talking to until 1 in the morning, then being sleepy the rest of the day #SoWorthIt 😘"
"Think like a heathen, speak liks genius.."
"will it be on the satellites for all radios when it goes permanent in June?"
"\": RT Allegra D commercial just came on. Did you know that its for diabetes? ;)\" this made my day."
"Hey are you going to be at the LATimes FOB?"
"The Facts on Fracking: Interview with Barbara Arrindell of DCS - Huffington Post"
"I agree. No reason Wright can't return to form of two seasons ago when he hung tough with the best WR's in the league."
"I love that the year of the solar system is on a Mars year"
"it's on fora tv if you just search my name. watch the disaster!! ps I'm getting better, last couple went pretty smooth"
"Is this training for the Amazing Race?"
"Way back machine? MT ah, I see. the uc berkeley library tore down my blog there from the time they were hosting my DLF office."
"I'm just saying I can't help it if I'm better!"
"If anyone needs any kind of #insurance follow Great rates from great companies."
"- how do I join today's chat? Thanks!"
"Thanks for checking us out! Would be interested to learn what you are doing with text mining."
"F yes! There's a Waffle House in Austin."
"oh justin Beliebers is that all we are waiting for your beautiful left wing video"
"hi! Thank you. Glad (but confused) to be here!"
"Think big. Stay motivated, confident and network."
"Had to say this: Everyone say a prayer for the Hopeless & the ones who think they got it all together, still need the Heavenly Father... Gn!"
"Yikes, watch out for zombies tonight!! BewareThe"
"Pollen'Cast! EEk.. today hitting high around 10.2 ..but are you ready? A huge decline by tomorrow at only 6.8 ..some major relief!"
"RT To follow/contribute to promoting Google Fiber to #madison, use hashtag #madfiber or follow"
"I Swear Iz Satin's Child Diz Bytch Keep Up SO Much BullShyt On Diz Show."
"Nice little rally by the to close the first quarter."
"Rollin' around Tempe listening to #NEMOMC!!!!!"
"RT : If you want the same, do the same."
"Thanks for the note! I did #followback!! :) :)"
"The hardest goodbye I've ever had to make, but the one that will be the most worth it in the end."
"Hhahah - Oh that was perfect!!!! -"
"yeah! It started throwing its nuts at me so I threw them back and we got in a fight and finally I started shaking the tree"
"i finally finished my paper. i really think i have ADD or something"
"BOYS:If your girl puts you after everything, then maybe its time to just give her some space"
"#TAF & I can't goto sleep cause I'm angry and now that I woke up I can't go back to sleep cause I'm sick."
"Also I hate when people walk super close behind me, I feel like I'm about to get jumped."
"video is stupid dope doggy"
"Instagram Co-Founder, Steve Jobs's Widow Among State of the Union Guests -"
"so much procrastination left to do...but did get client's quilt label embroidered and figured out pay pal invoice-surely bed should follow"
"3680 words later, taking a break. Phew! Going to buy \"The Perks of Being a Wallflower\" to re-read. My style is a bit similar to Chbosky's."
"Lil bro is going to make the right decision for him!"
"did that start up tonight? i want to watch it. need to set my dvr"
"Giving away DMB tickets tonight at JD Oxfords at 8pm. There are going to be a lot of birckenstocks in attendance."
"when he gets famous which I know he will"
"Is your internal programming taking you where you want to be? Do your foundational beliefs support you as you go after your dreams and goals"
"So freaking tired..."
"/// Don't forget about me. I still gotcha on some tunes."
"I LOVE #Glee! Excellent job on the Whitney Houston song \"I Will Always Love You.\" Last minute addition or part of original script?"
"I would love the opportunity to share my work with you. I am a green sculptor based in Chicago. JeffreyBreslow,com"
"Are you honestly citing batting average to me in a serious way? What is this, the time of Charlemagne?"
"I seriously feel like I'm about to pass out."
"Hulk is my favorite!"
"Crazy For You by is still in rotation. STILL"
"Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets."
"GODS SO GREAT HE BLESSED ME WITH A SON AW"
"AMC Volunteer Managed Facilities meeting this wkend. This dedicated group of volunteers are leading many of AMC''s quality facilities."
"So excited to have the legendary Scott Ian of in for lunch today!"
"your vegan cupcakes are epic, so good to see you and everyone today!"
"Just left 'Lucky' Magazine feeling pretty lucky! It's been so much fun meeting with all of these fabulous people. Such a treat!"
"Look At Matthew's pictures. Tell me how can you not see his mole from 4-6 ft away."
"If you love Sherlock Holmes and haven't seen Jeremy Brett, you have some work to do. Get to it."
"thank you. ☺"
"Who in the hell is J. Cole?"
"use your tablet..."
"I think its about to rain .... :/"
"Wow!! That just happened! Dream come true. Who can tell me who this guy I'm singing with is? On cloud 9!"
"I still love wiz regardless"
"I love Ken Cosgrove."
"Meh, I forgot people other than me actually wanna gain weight."
"Tip for educators re media: Sometimes leaking to a blogger can be more effective than trad. media."
"working on the track...B main heading to the push off shoot"
"#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly \"You're a handsome woman\""
"I miss you to Jaida Pinkett ! I hope yours is going well , see you soon !!"
"I signed up for a 5k run for the lupus foundation here in Lexington. I will be running in honor of you! (:"
"Thanks! No, didn't go thru the UK, just straight to Brussels. Hope to visit the UK soon. I love Scotland :)"
"You're welcome; thank you for the #FF!!"
"How are you this amaizng day?"
"\"Now thanks be to God, who always causes us to triumph in Christ.\"~2 Corinthians 2:14"
"Just as the taste of water can't be explained that's the same way I can't explain to you why I love you…"
"Where the fuck is the tree"
"i'm the captain of the fail boat :("
"Pinterest for libraries with Joe Murphy"
"How can we get married if we're already married? :p"
"Please follow back."
"There are few things worse than spending a night in a hotel room with your parents. My second worst version of hell."
"I believe the Monroe's Ass statue is independent madness."
"Steady fight my sleep. Then I bitch about being raccoon faced. 😒"
"Next goal. A new 15 minute set for next Friday."
"24 hours to Cyprus. Very excited."
"Me: Who do you like? Robert: How many times are u going to ask that? Me: As many times as it takes for you to say my name"
"what about our nfcn blog"
"Actually most are, even the ambitious ones, like myself. We want everything now and we do as little as we can to be honest."
"David Petreaus RT : J. Cole RT : Bobby brown RT Who will win MVP tonight in the All-Star game?"
"No use keeping secrets any longer. Listen up, people: I am Bonnie Bear. There, I finally said it. Feels good..."
"Shout out to everybody that came to chaparral last night and showed their support!!! Much Love & Respect! Unbreakable Ent...."
"so true"
"Did someone you know get engaged recently? Call now and both of you can benefit from the referral program and huge sale going on!"
"hows that face feel after the dominating #slapbox? Can't wait till #TC uploads that biznizz"
"I'm really glad you dig the stuff. There will be a music video for arma pretty soon too!"
"A little obsessed with Kimbra right now. Her EP is $3.99 on iTunes."
"Follow my tweets is a Awsome account related to Porn ;P"
"RT Sensitive Sally's <"
"Eric mittelstadt, Utah legal services, best slides at ejc"
"Just woke up, having coffee and watching some news. :)"
"I got a puppy and I name it Madison!!!!!"
"Dubstep that makes my heart GO BOOM!"
"performativity is the name of a theory, but the musical hula hoop context is unbeatable :)"
"Scariest team in the playoffs??? The San Antonio Spurs. Who has enough defenders for all there scorers?"
"It's official I'm a cougar. It was awesome being 16 together.. Next year kid(;"
"RT - Hot reads: Dolphins shutdown Newton: Cards' Williams injured: Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton was shut out ..."
"How much are they? I'm a bit poor right now! Lol"
"Great morning at Isola Sacra :-)"
"great performance from Cusack!!"
"...It's FRIDAY, FRIDAY!!! Gotta get down n party! Fun fun fun fun!"
"Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?14"
"Getting hungry for sweet & savory muffins that cooked up #smbmad. UR support going straight to everyones tummy."
"- I can't like a gator but I have to say \"he just wins\". After the season you had at UF, I guess this is all you got."
"What's for dinner?"
"....things happen for a reason...for better or for worst...all I gotta do now is heal...."
"Smart decision-making begins with comprehensive data. Alan Berube from Brookings. So true. Data tells us about real people."
"i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 32"
"Sad to see Dirk out. On the bright side, I hope u guys can get him to do some commentary on"
"I can't believe she is old enough to text! Guess she's past crying over eating her toenails at 3am (:"
"never mind, figured it out!"
"Jimmy McNulty loses to Stringer Bell at the Golden Globes."
"Most bizarrely, Trey, you look like both of them. Wes Anderson prevails again."
"RT if you want me to share you.(MUST BE FOLLOWING ME) Dont worry, I'll actually share you(:"
"*sigh, if only*"
"cant wait buddies"
"AH! Feeling like new!"
"For what?"
"Not only was it terrible, it was also \"not at all up to your usual standard\". So that's something, I guess."
"Love is all there is"
"Senior people offer wiser and farther-sighted views, although not always. this is not Chinese culture. It is HUMAN culture."
"My Dad says he can come over whenever ツ"
"can't wait to hear all about when I'm in NC next week"
"I've been using it since Nov 08 when it came out"
"i be feelin old as hell when i get out of bed"
"It's days like this that make me glad I work from home most of the time."
"This computer is so slow that if I actually had work to do I would be really aggrivated right now."
"fuck being sick"
"no, no it's not. you're doomed."
"The making of Ponzu sauce is clearly a Ponzi scheme."
"I slept too long. -_- setting an alarm clock from now on."
"i blame you and I thank you :-)"
"Im pretty sure my dad threw my cloths in the hallway and then yelled at me because I left them there ....."
"get that heat"
"I'm at legroom for hump night! Come out and join me till 4am!"
"cool. Got any other material online I can check out?"
"Another wonderful weekend in good ol Aggieland, but I am officially a \"has been\""
"oh cool. im color yellow. kk bye.!"
"the question is not why we exist or how we came to exist but sense we do exist now what?"
"Platinum Diamonds*"
"“: That annoying feeling when you're dying to talk to someone, but you refuse to text them first.” ya feel me?"
"When your bestfriend replaces you<<<"
"Baby you finer then your fine cousin ;)"
"Well I feel better, a CNBC host just actually said looks like there might be a lower opening with Dow Futures off over 150 points. Really?"
"it was within city limits"
"' Oh geez twitter picking on you too!"
"I like seeing someone smile and knowing I made them happy. :)"
"A4. No final exam here, just final project. woot."
"Oh so sleepy :("
"Thank you for the #FF :)"
"Taping the show in Parts Unknown"
"I wish you were either cold or hot. This lukewarm way of living doesn't cut it. (Rev 3:15-16, paraphrased)"
"Gettin even feels so good!"
"Powerful women \"like watching a pride of lionesses lift their dripping muzzles from the belly of the dying zebra and zero in on the hyena.\""
"RT : Pretty cool thing by the Mets. So far, each batter has walked out to a Beastie Boys song."
"Are you looking for jobs?"
"Website is progressing. Focusing on getting everything up there before making it pretty. Now taking a break to help my daughter to get sleep"
"I hate that, it happens to me all the time -_-"
"Ab Ripper X.... I hate it, but I love it!"
"These flashbacks are inaccurate. Amy Abbott lived in Everwood at that time."
": Wait, BETTER than \"Say hello to my Widow friend\"?? Oh, wait, that was just in my head."
"Wrote a really cool new song while listening to Obama middle east speech. Thanks diplomacy!"
"im performing with YOUNG MONEY in Hollywood and was wondering WHERE i can get those RED glossy shoes you have?"
"are you guys playing moonstruck!?"
"Today's doodle is St. Basil's Cathedral in Moscow. Celebrating it's 450th birthday today."
"oh okay. I never when on Disney website before."
"Please god let today be a good day :)"
"I wake up in the morning feeling like Ruth Bader, um... I mean P. Diddy."
"Readyy for the Weekend??"
"......and Both Elle & Elise are Now some walking babies!!!!"
"just hand everyone a drink and suddenly everybody gets along #ilovecollege goodnight y'all."
"#itaintgoodsex if I'm doiin the work. Lol do like say WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK WORK BITCH YU BETTR WORK.. lol W.O.R.D."
"#Kodak 7219 was our go to for its natural skin-tones under mixed lighting, outstanding latitude, and beautiful texture."
"So true RT : Denying your complicity doesn't change your responsibility."
"Ugh my laptop is so slow today"
"The Young CPAs club is having a joint mixer with the Young Lawyers. If the Young Engineers show up, I'm going dowstairs to play Poker."
"U joining Joe Champion at in Jax Monday? Free steaks!!!"
"Happy Halloween Zombies"
"Oh yeah #Rangers yeah"
"Ice works great for injuries and inflammation. Consider heat for more chronic problems or muscular tightness."
"RT : Q&A w/Compellent CEO Phil Soran in today's : \"The only storage company that wants you to buy fewer..."
"HAPPY NEQW YEAR FROM NEW YORKK"
"Our students are amazing! MT : Roosevelt Senior Jacquan says students forced to use back door. Likens to Brown v. Board"
"Products you use every day could be dangerous, and some companies know it. So why don't you? TODAY'S TMJ4 News, On Your Side, tonight at 10"
"how can I be nice to people and they just throw me attitude. This is why I can't live with anyone because it going to continue to happen."
"we always get a raised eyebrow when we say team BDSM!"
"I rather pathetically use my laptop and phone for pics. I really need to get a camera!"
"lol true, but I don't wanna be anywhere near it seeing as I was frisked by TSA ppl 😳 and there's the protesters ect"
"I miss you too, come to Cali this summer! I want to see you!"
"random tweet to I heard \"We Didn't Start the Fire\" today and it reminded me of a column you did in early 90s."
"wants to break my boyfriends mw3 disk..."
"there's a she wolf in every girl apparently 😣"
"We would, but we are at our following limit... I'm not sure how to get around that... As soon as we can, we will!"
"See you at the Capitol tomorrow #WIUnion, if not tonite."
"SHOUT OUT 2 STREET SWAGG SUNDAY 4 FOR BREAKING \"MY CITY.......ALBUM IN THE STREETS NOW!!!"
"Closing arguments in mental competency hearing for Daniel Butts. accused killer of Ranier PD Chief Ralph Painter. Will the judge rule today?"
"i really dnt wear these"
"who is there SuzieQ?"
"Just sent the IRS a lot $...I hate tax season!!"
"These grass stains on my knees they wont mean a thing"
"Listening to from at"
"And put a pool in the back."
"I smell so delicious."
"puppies are here! well, still coming. so excited, we're getting our baby so soon! yes. <3 let me know if u want details & who to contact!"
"Saturday Sweaty Betty Blues Band w/ presenting The Best Blonde Joke Comp. Who has the best joke???"
"\": might as well lol RT\": a bruh i am going to stop fuckin with her\"\" yea fuck her"
"Are you making an appearance somewhere?"
"lol I haven't decided on signs yet...were down in like 110 tho so I'm sure it'll be fantastic whatever it is"
"sounds like something dane would make ;)"
"some cameras have that option. Not any of mine -- yet!"
"Zeitler not a pulling guard, better prospect is Silatou IMO"
"Dirks going H.A.M"
"Got that jet life tee"
"on the new gig! (Although Vertex, my alma mater, must be sad!)"
"idk just cause"
"Fantastically fun audition today for a Disney webseries! I was inspired to be funny(er) all day long!"
"I got to go in a castle today ...at school..it was made outta cereal boxes, but it was awesome ! :)"
"Follow or I don't even"
"OK YUP THE TRACKS ARE BACK ON BANGIN OUT TO THE BANGERS IM MAKIN ALL DAY GET AT ME DJ PHIL DRUMMIN!!!!"
"got to love the ernest movies!!!"
"haha :) well im getting of but ill talk to you tomorrow :) bye!!"
"There isn't enough cheese in our fridge."
"\"We learned... a Counter-Poyson against the filthy venemous water... It intoxicates the Brain, & makes one giddy.\" R. Knox on 'bhang,' 1673"
"well if they parents don't got a job how they gonna play ps3 online then? No Internet for them then"
"Another awesome evening:o)"
"thank you hun, i made it! (:"
"Wow... surprised, but not really."
"long enough to notice yo swollen ass pancake face"
"good morning to ll hope your having a blessed day."
"When I Break Up Wit A girl or She Break Up Wit Me ,, I Always Bounce Back The Same Day ahah #NoFeelingsForALameBitch aahha"
"If I can't have you I don't want nobody else baby."
"Merry Christmas everybody!!!"
"Faulty friends and messed up nobodies don't really bother me... But family.. Smh"
"49er's or the Giants? Patriots or Ravens?"
"Do you still take care of your tootsies with a pedi in the winter or just hide them under fuzz socks & cute boots"
"Guys, we interrupt this important news story...ANDREW LUCK IS GETTING OFF AN AIRPLANE! OMG."
"The Exorcist? Girl bye."
"Is there any NEW #MATTFLYNN news?"
"E.g. decline of traditional families, rise in people with multiple jobs, longer hours at work"
"Now that's interesting :-)"
"the best :) greetings from laredo, texas :D"
"u will be missed in a bronco uni but im glad ur leaving on ur tearms knowing u can still smash players"
"Did you have some time to meet up this week, maybe Thurs or Fri, so I can take that bike off your hands?"
"best text I will get today \"Thanks! $10 charged to your phone bill\" #joy #BertsBigAdventure Thanks for the autographed pic."
"Prepping for solo show, Bodies of Work: Figurative Paintings of Travis S. Little. Opens Aug. 5. Should be provocative!"
"gonna go gargle some saline. i cant fucking take it anymore."
"In the process of building my first blog site for the photo biz. Be looking out for when it gets launched!"
"Attrition in Reed Smith's CA offices. Recruiter Sabina Lippman: some 2-yr offers RS made to partners have expired. More in Friday's DJ."
"had a fest today. danced the day away with my niece Jordan to every Nicki song on my IPOD"
"naw im in Spain now bro RT what part of Africa u in now???"
"is at Olympus Group this morning!"
"When you are dealing with small issues and small minded people, you will never have BIG breakthroughs in life!"
"The show tonight on U Street has been cancelled. We'll be back with new songs in June!"
"Cranking away on my paper for submission to #ISIC2012...crossing my fingers this gets accepted (and done in time!)"
"thank you! I shall sleep well, unless my butt or tail starts itching again...goodnight & sweet dreams to you too! <3"
"STUDIO FLOW With And Shit About to Krazy!!!"
"To produce a mighty book, you must choose a mighty theme. Herman Melville"
"Going golfing with Kyle"
"he sounds like a chick xD"
"RT : My mommy not taking me to the New edition concert"
"I think I might return to the world of the Twitter. The question: do I have anything important to share?"
"Got a test in science today."
"Music Matters"
"thanks Frank! Found the error hopefully!"
"Had a successful&enjoyable day Reading at the Healers' Fair Unity Christ Church, in Surfside SC-The right place at the right time."
"You wrong for that"
"Gonna have a fun day with the family!!"
"lol , hell yeah ."
"I have a bridal shower to go to.. but sat might go to a bbq at an aquaintances. ^_^ you would like bk book fes. Poetry. ^_^"
"can do it! I see the intelligence in your eyes..Keep at it."
"gonna rain soon?"
"A house is made of walls and beams; a home is built with love and dreams."
"yesterday, LA :)"
"Haha! I'm glad you guys enjoyed it:)"
": Ms. Caroline an Roz jacked a few people's offices, so it all worked out. Good turn out tonight!"
"Gotta maximize my craft"
"Wooh! Finish exams :D"
"Thanks for getting me over 400 followers! You all rock!"
"Ah. At least you save $$s. $8.00 for the large container. I blame my for making me an addict"
"marc better than pau gasol and ion give a fuck what nobody say. atleast this season"
"First time ever drinking a beer. Ever. It's alright. Nothing to write home about."
":) “: Yeah, I'm gonna have a hard time calling that a \"slide\" in the story. RT : Slide of the year right there.”"
"Team EastSide Welcome To Our Side ."
"I've been trying to send email for a few days, address keeps on being rejected. Maybe you're having server problems?"
"Christmas is coming late this year. Friday at Le Bain. Hardy Boyz reunion along with"
"I AM alive and doing better than a few weeks ago. Too much overwhelming stuff. Needed some down time to lick my wounds."
"The new website looks great! Airsoft and Video pages still have the old menus, but so far I like the look of RCPowers 3.0!!"
"Awesome Metropolitan Jazz Orchestra performance at GMU Center for the Arts tonight. Check out Mason's jazz line-up & come on out!"
"Ouch! Good observation."
"The 9/11 remembrance on tv this morning made me cry. The sight of people jumping and the panic the must have felt still haunts me"
":O. Dang u gonna let him talk to u like that"
"Hello this is Jessica, CS GM. Glad you enjoyed the music; just sent an email re: your frustrations. Please feel free to contact me."
"Shout out to follow her and she will follow u and me2"
"he was being filmed for something, and now I don't see him (intermission) but I will keep an eye out!"
"thank you. You know what makes me amazing? I can clap with no hands."
"Happy Teacher Appreciation everyone!!"
"Injury bug!"
"Shop and ride safe this holiday. Only ride in licensed taxis. TService- stopping illegal hacks and improving taxi quality. Mytservice.com"
"thats pretty awesome! And ouch lol how?"
"Holy Tweet! Popping my twitter cherry at LAactors Tweet Up with and"
"#civilwar FOTD. Abraham Lincoln toured the CSA White House during his visit to Richmond & met w/ Gen. Godfrey Weitzel in the house's library"
"did you practice today Mollie-Mae?"
"Gm sexy lady xx"
"You are so right my friend"
"is amazing. and has sharp wit. and she bakes cupcakes. and tolerates when i work late. and buys me lots of things. #SteakPrease?"
"too high of expectations"
"haha I just turned 23 in April, I meant more as im around Louis's age than the other boys :p but I'd cougar hazza anyday"
"\"You're telling me there isn't ONE condo in all of Del Boca Vista?!\""
"This has been called a railroad age. Impatience @ slow processes of nature is [becoming] a general characteristic of the popular mind (1857)"
"Come on Rebels lets pull out a W!!! I can't handle the stress of these close road games."
"so cool to see you using that fitbit. Thought you lost it??"
"If you own a home in #Maryland, you're probably overpaying on your #property #taxes. Find out here: www.mdtaxappeals.com"
"ctfu yeah rite!!! who ya unc?"
"I am going to a Skrillex concert on Saturday! :)"
"Oh my God, my face is so cold."
"RT : Tweet your questions for Alison Bechdel by 7PM 2morrow & will choose one to ask live from the ALOUD stage!..."
"I SAW AT THE BLOCK GOT BIS AUTOGRAPH HE SMILED AT ME"
"good god these comms and their speculations...I'm not here for that"
"Tkc pub run-in: Annie carrying \"Currents of Marxism\" and a prof's manuscript."
"What's been up???"
"Even If the King would come here, I would not expect the Orioles to spend money. :("
"did you get caught in the traffic of the rollover accident on the Palmetto too?"
"if you aren't too busy, could you check out my new livestream for church? How is it? www.livestream.com/fcgvin"
"Thank you for bringing out the evil in me b****"
"Loved it, but Dare Iz a Darkside is my favorite"
"check my last TFLN retweet... I think you'll like it"
"Hi there! Thanks for the follow!"
"what time are y'all planning on getting down there?"
"More like Blair splash project. I just vomited."
"Every time I hear \"Ayy Ladies\" I think of That song just has that N.O. bounce too it."
"PLANNING A COMMUNION...? Partners In Sound is currently running a COMMUNION SPECIAL! FOR MORE INFO CALL 718.967.7347"
"whats needed is simple Dave. We just need to do one thing. start loving each other that's the real need LOVE for each other."
"i miss him :("
"I saw that movie in 6th grade and fell asleep! haha but now I cry like a baby, so good!"
"ps next bf: i can practically swallow a grapefruit. ;)"
"i think a lot of UFO nuts are headed to pheniox because of it i know i used to be one than i had to face facts their are no such thing."
"Good morning/Good night texts >>"
"“ Even if I spend the whole day with you, I miss you the second you leave...!”"
"did he demonstrate he improved with practice?"
"Perfect award for twitter! The only science writing award that celebrates writing short!"
"Yes Sir!"
"Yep, bigger issues..."
"Peter Schiff is the man"
"If it's not one thing, it's another."
"When You Going Thrug Your Worst Moments & The Person Is Still Next To You , That's When You Know It's REAL"
"Just heard - SF Hillel will host an #Israel Fellow next year. A relationship with a young Israeli is a powerful experience for our students."
"Elena from Atlanta says Boy its packed in here..."
"We can help you promote more efficient management and supervising, increase your sales, limit shrinkage, and save you money! Call us today!"
"RIP MCA. How very sad."
"Having leftover ham and swiss from Tyler's French class project for lunch today."
"well they're on sale til thursday, so feel free :)"
"Just Saw My Cuddy At Ha Job...Gettin Me Somee Food."
"Sun coming up over Waco. It could be prettier. Been up for 24 hrs. Still rockin."
"#LASTAGETALKS follow up: How does the collaboration convo change when 1st meet includes the performers & continues as the work evolves?"
"Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!"
"EYE DE KAY BUT NOW IM ALL SAD AND SHTUFF CUZ WEE WUZ JUS TALKIN ABOUT IT :("
"Im at Western Sizzlin eating wit da peoples..."
"that my friend is a warning sign"
"#IfITellYou I'm going for a run... that is not an invitation for you to tell me how much you HATE running. It's actually the exact opposite."
"thanks so much!"
"Watching MIB with Remember how many times we watched this ?!"
"Thanks a ton! :) what're you up to?"
"welcome brother from another mother.. :b"
"when you got dudes battles at 1mil and females battles at 50,000 views, how do you justify that??"
"So excited for tomorrow evening's \"Kill Bill\" marathon! Bring it on Quentin!!!"
"you only have the hunger games?"
"did Amare play?"
"WATS GOOD YOU A 5 STAR BITCH I SEE SHIT WAT IT DO"
"The Drama Years book tour parent-daughter workshop will be held at Holy Innocents' Episcopal School tomorrow, Friday, April 20 from..."
"Lori Nix's 'The City': Dioramas Of Disaster - Huffington Post"
"We have success(-ish)! Rebooked on a flight tonight!"
"Thank you my friend. I hope you have had a good week so far. Hugs and kisses"
"#AGirlthat knows your mistakes, but looks past them anyway... :D"
"can't believe we're almost halfway through october"
"Just makin sure you knew, wouldn't want you to miss that!!"
"It's like watching Old Yeller in 3D lol RT : Why would anyone want to see Titanic... Spoiler alert Leo dies."
"Listening to all sorts of sirens blaze in downtown Richmond. Been a rough day for traffic and emergencies. Hope everyone is ok."
"Getting ready to do my one woman comedy Dancing with my Demons tonite at the Whitefire Theatre."
"The day I learn something from the Borg (which- huh?) is the day you have permission to punch me in the face."
"Send in a biz plan and \"like\" us on FB to be entered to win a free single person occupancy office for one year."
"New season of MINDFREAK TONIGHT!!!!! I can't wait!!!! :D"
"#Emery, Also PAY FORTE ALREADY! AND sign a good backup QB - AND draft AT LEAST 2 OL! Lots of work to do!"
"nope :o"
"Just discovered #Paper.li, basically the public, website form of #Flipboard. Love!"
"\" Tito 'Badly' Wants To Manage Cubs\" On behalf of all Cub nation: Terry FrancOH-HELLLLNOOO!!! Hire Ryno already!!!"
"Falling in love ain't far from the sun! Kidnap my heart! Not far from the str! Kidnap my heart!"
"#NFLDraft preview and commentary from detroit \"insiders\" shows how lucky we were to have"
"I am a stay at home Dad, but after two days of my wife away I am in absolute wonder at the single parents out there, doing it right. Amazing"
"You are worthy!"
"Nene on the Wizards?!?! And Stephen Jackson and his magic hamstring back with the Spurs? I love this game!"
"Be sure to stop by this weekend tosee Hoosier Ladies Aside demonstrate sidesaddle horseback riding at noon and 2 in 1863 Civil War Journey."
"Awesome day dancers! Competition hair&makeup looked GREAT & costumes really brought the dances 2 life! 1st competition, less than 2 weeks!"
"why is that?"
"I look so weird without eyeliner."
"I wish I would have known Jimmy John's sandwiches are not hot."
"me too :-) anything for me is good"
"I was just saying how I want to see it! Maybe next week :)"
"Go Packers!"
"Walking around Wonderful World of Weddings at State Fair today! Let me know if you are there. :) Check us out in the Premier Bride book."
"Sunday anxiety is already setting in, who wants to hang?"
"Man with didgeridoo, woman with black feather halo hat, and bears, oh my!"
"A dark character introduced himself yesterday, said he wants in on my story. I'm afraid to say no. Yeah, he's {{that}} scary."
"The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated driver"
"new avi with my brothers and"
"#3WordsOfAdvice. 1 ad. 2. vice. 3 ice. <--- i think those are the only words in advice."
"RT Football's season opener at Louisville will be played on Sunday, Sept 2 at 3:30pm & broadcast on ESPN"
"blueberry from Panera. I left it as a warning to the others."
"True Born Records c"
"I bet that would fall within nugget's speech capabilities."
"Not at all. It's just around town in L'burg, taking the sidestreets. But it's only been 1 day, maybe in a month or two."
"You make my little heart feel a bit less small today."
"#FF Team Live Blog for 's 2012 #WOMCC! Good times yesterday, Team!"
"Thanks to Tyra Banks I can tell people I wasn't a pissed off pre-pubescent in my middle school pictures, I was just \"smiling with my eyes.\""
"Ich mache 'Pink Turns Blue' - \"if two worlds kiss\". Kennst du? (Practicing my German. It's a little rough.) Great album!"
"Recouping from strep throat"
"Thanks ! That greek frozen yogurt was delicious!! and agree! OPA!!"
"Metal roof special!!! 12% off all new metal roofs. Call Today 305-910-7388"
"Just heard DanceOn CEO interviewed as part of the new YouTube channels. Awesome stuff!"
"Ugh I'm going to need some help with le research paper D:"
"#factsaboutmyself I still buy hot wheel and play with them in the dirt when no ones looking."
"Happy Friday. Damn did this week fly by or what."
"already did :)"
"\"Jesus\" Just walked by the Machinima offices..."
"yea but with a hair line like johns"
"so how did you do? Jules and the kids have fun in the sun?"
"Just ordered my ticket to go see Drake...ha I wish!"
"#interfaceUF I ran into real student resistance: in part because they were very unfamiliar with twitter, period."
"James, Rose, Kobe, Anthony, CP3"
"I wish it wasn't rainy so I could just sit at the park without wetting my jeans :("
"thanks for following! Now it's time to Party....Free IPad 3 style...interested?"
"Teams making moves in power ranking: Det(up 3) Was(up 5).. Ari(down 15) Indy(down 4) .. Check the page for full list"
"Never underestimate your power to change yourself; never overestimate your power to change others. ~Dr. Wayne Dyer"
"rock stars always know how to make an entrance & an exit. She lived it up in between"
"Working on unpacking from #NGS2012. Then meeting for #fgs2013 this afternoon."
"yes! I was just thinking that!"
"I have to pretend to grade papers for tomorrow's workshop, so I'm replicating conditions by drinking and going without sleep."
"see you there soon!"
"God fucking damn.. is it too much to ask to catch a fucking break?"
"If you're into subtle humor, you must see Sordid Lives ~ hilarious!"
"Off and running at"
"Session 7 Media's Keith Bolling will be heading down to El Salvador. Stay tuned for some updates."
"beautiful shot. But what's that floating in the water?"
"The hardest button to button? Hatttttttteeeee yyyoooouuuuuu!-!!!!!!!"
"Nothing beats knocking the car out of gear while asleep. Whoops."
"Great to see you last Tuesday! Thanks for you time :)"
"you heard us pass ? Lmao just now"
"And now for my favorite part of a new semester: writing course deadlines in my planner."
"if you are looking for a good way to get your twitter life going in the right direction --> literally follow"
"The only way I get alone time is if I lock myself in my closet."
"Jon Stewart, FYI, Archivists with Masters Degrees receive training with alphanumeric cataloging and data buckets."
"CDC clears Delta flight from Detroit after suspected case of monkeypox ruled out - Detroit Free Press"
"Patris est filius - He is his father's son"
"With the sweep over Bama the Bat Cats now have 41 wins this season, the 5th 40-win season in school history (1987, 1991, 2006, 2008, 2012)"
"is currently addicted to La Dolce Vita Biscotti."
"I was soo loose off the goose last night"
"New song sounds fucking great. <3 Can't wait for more(:"
"#sunworshipping at ocean beach sf today was amazing"
"welcome to new followers"
"In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.- Abraham Lincoln"
"are you in florida?"
"Patriots calls a Timeout. Minute and 1 Sec Left for the end of the First Quarter. Brady trows a Incomplete Pass."
"LUV this reference. Verify me! RT Hey, that was Werner Brandeis doing the Discover card commercial. His voice is his passport."
"Kinda feels left out now since everything's changed..."
"oh, gleeks. I could only ever do those by accident."
"will you have a booth?"
"I'm up north again, but not too far. Red Roof on 35 N. Definitely booking earlier next year."
"Packers team this one for Philbin get this one today #GOPACKGO smash this team."
"love your background bruvvva!"
"Lanham: Elbow's new book \"promises to be a humdinger, so go out and buy it. After you buy mine, of course.\""
"moving sucks!"
"Thank you for contributing! We'd love to have you anytime!"
"Happy MLK Day everyone. Like this if you have the day off!"
"Don't forget... SECO 2011 is in building C of the GWCC!"
"Depends on when you will be in LA. We will make it happen although prob no bones this time :)"
"Lady gaga messed with adele... Aw hell fucking no"
"At Eso Wan Books in Los Angeles while reads from Silver Sparrow"
"McDonald's employees now greet you with \"Welcome back to McDonald's,\" which is surprising because they found a way make us feel more sha..."
"How can u take back everything u haven't done??"
"RT GBU ''For it's good that a man should both hope&quietly wait for the salvation of the Lord.Lam 3:26"
"BRO, YOU KNOW THIS LOBSTER MAC IS ILLEGAL RIGHT? JOE HERE IN THE WINDY CITY'S GONNA GET THE CHAIR FOR THIS STUFF"
"\"Deb\" he wears a size 18 and loves to rock a knee high skirt on the weekend. Favorite lip color is: Jungle Red. Job: Cable Man"
"ur my kinda girl"
"Currently bored af .. Can't wait til this concert over with."
"First time alone in the store, oh my gosh!"
"awww so are you"
"to the bitchez that made that picture: IMMA HUNT YOU DOWN IGGA"
"How r u 2day?"
"Join us TODAY at noon at headquarters for a volunteer fire truck ride around town. Go Ross! 219 7th street."
"RT : New art gallery opening up very soon in downtown Milwaukee! Who will be in it?"
"For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is.- Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe"
"That's a bummer. This summer could've been fun"
"#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The Escape To Titties Mountain"
"#KeepDamianOnGlee DAMIAN CAN'T LEAVE GLEE BECAUSE HE'S TOO DAMN ADORABLE AND THEM I WOULD CRY."
"lame. sneak out for some dranks."
"my one week old Satellite L755 got broken by a BIOS update you pushed, and now you want me to pay for shipping it to repair ctr"
"Guilty as Charged along with beer & wine flavored snow ones!\": Raise your hand if you've ever had a pickle flavored snow cone.\""
"look like John witherspoon, did he start saying \" bang, bang, bang, bang\"?"
"Alex Lieu 42 Entertainment great retelling of NIN Year Zero story, love his passion and fandom"
"Woke up to #bulls winning 91-88 & finally got to see how they lost by 1. Now for some baseball scores"
"#OnSomeTRrealStuff leadership is a action"
"I could really use a vacation right about now."
"Yup! First B&&C of 2012!"
"“ My little brother is so fuckin gay” Lil Brother Like Bigg Brother Can't Blame Him = ]"
"Off my case, Laptop Face"
"What's everyone up to tonight? Us? We're hanging out on the porch listening to some smooth Country tunes! Join us:..."
"Been spending so much time on fb lately...started to \"like\" your comment. ;)"
"Washington should retire that niggas jersey cause he rejuvenated that franchise."
"PRAYING FOR A BLESSED SUMMER!!!"
"Reading Kerry Reichs' 'The Good Luck Girl' and pleasantly surprised!"
"Happy Valentine's day everyone"
"You ugly, you black fucka"
"What do Kaisers do when it snows in the city? Play, ski and blog, apparently. 3 new post in 1 week?!? Yup. kaisertales.com cc"
"#Knicks for Christmas. thanks Santa for bringing the NBA back. Clearly I was on the #nicelist this year"
"slowly realizing I read way too many blogs. It's a sickness"
"There really should be a Chinchile day"
"Great! Is there somewhere I can drop them off for you Friday or should I send them home w Jacob or Karah? Excited to see you!"
"any bad habits we should know about?"
"We just posted a 7 minute video that could keep you occupied for a bit. :) Have a lovely day!"
"There is no such thing as true friends anymore everyone is fake af"
"The rest of them better wear helmets"
"I love you. I'm sorry. Can you be my friend again?"
"congrats to our drummer, Whitey on his 1 year anniversary. Way to go! We are glad to see the meetings are helping & we'll drink to that!"
"finish this line When I heard you speak yo I damn near cried..."
"“Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles"
"a fine choice :)"
"Welcome to the magical world of Twitter, where dreams come true (If, like me, your dreams involve stalking Taylor Swift.)"
"\"A formally harmonious product needs no decoration, it should be elevated through pure form,\" -- FA Porsche. RIP"
"I'm so excited for school today i get to see my best friend who's also my boy friend(:"
"Why can't we make moderate cuts to entitlements while taking modest tax hikes. The key being moderation and no defaults."
"watched a man at the Post Office pay for his package with 36 stamps. peeling and sticking each one. for a long time"
"QoTD: \"Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.\" (Tom Krause)"
"are you going to bring any of us a cake tonight??? (cc )"
"sometime it works, sometimes it doesn't. it's all about what yr believing in. real talk."
"Austin inspires me so much ♥"
"I guess money means more to you than customer support and satisfaction"
"Lakers got this one in the bag"
"Video shooting for the next video will begin next week? You excited?!"
"I need to get the #LifeProof iPhone case soon"
"& His Next Album Gettn Ready Too Cum Out !"
"RT : Women's history: Sadie Tanner Mossell Alexander, 1st African-American woman in U.S. to earn a Ph.D. in economics,..."
"of course! this gurl got SWAG! and imma BEAST! #I'mNotBraggingI'mJustSaying"
"Mothalicka'. I get to see my boyfriend tomorrow!(:"
"congrats & good luck ! 2 interviews this week. Oh joy 😔"
"I must have skipped the Vancouver chapter."
"Beyond tears today as I thank God for keeping my kids safe-- life can change in an instant. Love you and thank God for you daily, Jared."
"We have our Italian Ice Social with the Dean today, too. Hooray for dessert socials!"
"maybe just maybe she'll go away :P"
"I'm not accusing any person. It happens a lot though. Like when ppl be like \"I'm finna move I hate Mke\" that's what Imsayin"
"when are we gunna chill?"
"It's cool, cause we've always been like Drake and Nicki anyways"
"Gottah Smell Like Peaches && Cream . . . Can't Smell Like Shit Like The Rest Of Yhall ."
"\": .... My boyfriend sucks.\"haha to funny"
"It's amazing how many well known brands tweet with grammar and spelling errors."
"so Coachella this year huh? Refused back together, Radiohead, million others. I'm going to make a serious effort this year to go"
"Is there anyway to setup an appointment with anyone from Bing to review my mobile search Bing API TomorrowBook.com?"
"Everybody wants to love everybody wants to be loved"
"Preach girl, so true \": He who doesn't have contentment in his heart, is the poorest of all.\""
"All-Army beats all-navy by 17... Not r best ball but we got the W.. 2marrow the marines"
"just another"
"nice shot! Hope you're having a wonderful time."
"#comcast reneged on bundle deal. multiple attempts to resolve met with different stories, rudeness, calls not returned."
"Glad to hear it! Glad we connected as well"
"Omigosh!! was really in their tiny chat! And I thought you guys were lying...smh. I'm too quick to judge...."
"I'm the Juggernaut bitch!!"
"ohh, just finished HW :D tweeting and listening to music, luv our conversations ♥ u are such a cutie!"
"CHRIS SHOULD HAVE ONE."
"2 yr. old grandson claims he can't sleep. Eyes red & closing. Says Secret Service told him today is his birthday. Today IS his birthday?????"
"Tweet a deet deet im wasted."
"\": no bugs down there. Lol.\"<<< LOL that's what he said!!!"
"thanks CFS! Looking forward to feeding you."
"you're doing it wrong...I've played with bouncy balls."
"my mom is watching what she calls 'the norwegian sopranos'"
"“: Elway said he wanted to move down, and by golly he has done just that... #Broncos” no shit!"
"yeah I was thinking we just dump all our trash on their yard. Also, dead animals."
"Give me your tumblr url's:) I wanna follow all of you x -R"
"Need emergency or preventive Hydro Jetting Services??? HTTP://WWW.HYDROJETTINGSERVICE.COM Call the Xtreme Team Today 858-583-1798"
"Follow me on instagram"
"Google \"social media policy generator\" to find tools to help you establish your org's policy."
"Franz Wright will be coming to on March 15th!"
"I just wanted u to know so u don't think u fall too fast haha"
"Love don't live here, and it don't even visit"
"Just got back from an amazing night at Santos party house. Funky house and disco all night. I got a months worth of dancing in."
"Seriously what's with all the pics of hurt kids and diseased people on Facebook? They really make me depressed."
"Are most professional musicians self-taught, or do they have someone who was instrumental in their development?"
"Yep. It's a 3 cups of Kurig Coffee kind of day."
"hello there, we need to catch up!"
"yes always have them with you, you don't know what will ever happen!"
"NOW: Obama targets females, while Santorum & Gingrich duke it out in an effort to win over southern conservatives"
"HAPPY THONG THURSDAY to all da LADIES ... Make it a GREAT DAy Fam"
"Loved Midnight in Paris, the new Woody Allen movie @ Kendall Sq Cinema!"
"Change of plans (post workout)! Mr 's in town and I'm excited to get a drink with him in Santa Monica :)"
"Prayin for daylight, Waitin for that mornin sun; So, I can act like my whole life aint goin wrong."
"Congratulations to all the winners last night. Lets work together to make #Richmondbc the wonderful place it is."
"The Power game tonight starts at 8, but usually games are a bit earlier, 7:30."
"I am the master at #logosquiz!"
"oh my goodness.... Lol goodnight Liz :)"
"really is this better than Orlando down 27 in second half or more meaningful because of elite status of Clippers? Big win by C's"
"A snowy run is totally worth the torture of getting out of a warm bed"
": DUDE, you are AWESOME!"
"Wake up! So Collison & Ibaka is enough? I'm a Kobe hater but even I know LAL Bigs are too much w/o Perkins"
"GO READ PART TWO OF FAR AWAY!:D"
"I am seeing mortgage interest rates inching upwards. Still in the 4's. Now would be the perfect time to buy. Don't lose your chance."
"I swear if I see the lyrics to call me maybe one more time I will punch someone."
"Quit your Bitchin Druggie its olny a game!"
"It will, promise. Just don't go party and get drunk and get in major trouble. That however would be bad. :3"
"Would this be a bad time to admit that I have Prince Fielder on my #fantasybaseball team?"
"let's keep chatting!! So good to connect, finally."
"How did your clean-up go on Saturday?"
"\"I've recently adopted a LOLCAT.\""
"#supermoon this eve! Powerful and passionate for all of us... Go For It!"
"Tri cities radio stations are killer. Puts portland to shame."
"no doubt sexy"
"I have to wrk that Sat & Sun I'm only off Thurs & Friday"
"So Tyga has a little dick and big balls right? Ha."
"I don't think so but,... Kmart is now selling some... How convent... lol "
"is obviously a Time Lord. How else do you explain the two hearts?"
"we are from Conifer. Colorado...what part is GE from? Mtns or plains?"
"I still don't get it. Sweet Chin Music + Pedigree and a three count but the match continues on?"
"shout out to for keeping 92.3 popping in the chi"
"#IThankGod for the salvation given to us through"
"Agree!! RT : A7 Anything stagnant is exceptionally vulnerable."
"I don't mind telling people \"No\""
"please help me spread the word of missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht. last seen saturday on water street."
"Called kalie to say goodnight, she's beautiful & I love her :*"
"The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in time of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality. - Dante"
"Exactly! : This 'perfect' night of sleep is obviously for people w/out small children."
"In the studiO at 3am putting in work...10TH Album."
"Is it time to report to spring training yet? I'm bored"
"just found out iam going to D.C October cnt wait"
"Composer Mark-Anthony Turnage swaps the concert hall for a category B jail with the premiere of a work written and performed with prisoners."
"Thankfully 's JV girls basketball team won tonight. Made up for the tanking it in Dallas."
"I want to be the girl that you give your to jacket to when it's cold, the one that you tell your friends \"That's my girl.\" <3"
"Stop what your doing, follow this moment and tweet #GetEbenTo15k atleast once! Gotta support my main man :P haha"
"Does everyone believe in love?"
"Get your copy of Employee Development on a Shoestring signed this afternoon 5:45-6:15 at the #astd2012 bookstore. Looking fwd 2 connecting!"
"Ghost hunting ."
"LAKERS WIN!!!!! [88 - 87] OT.....HELL YEAH!!! MY BOYS MADE ME PROUD!! LAKERS LAKERS LAKERS :D I can finally relax my vocal chords. WOOHO ..."
"those are amazing! my fav!"
"Q5) Not enough venues for sharing successes."
"Imma be studying for the S.A.T the whole day today >.<"
"and their merch girl is dancing in a two piece bathing suit with a glow stick style hula hoop."
"Your family = my life"
"hahahahahahahaha @ \"run her bubble bath using the good dish soap.\""
"It was better than Superman, X-Men3, Spider-Man 3, and of course better than the low budget flicks like Dare Devil etc."
"Will do Spence."
"RT Here's some fun news for #bendsalmonrun racers—Brew Dr. will be providing free Kombucha to all racers at the finish line!"
"Thanks. I never listen but I hear its not remotely entertaining/informative anymore. I wish them luck however."
"Home Depot. Advance Auto Parts. Build a closet. Fix a car."
"Name this team/city! Whose logo had a smiley basketball face looking up at a crown which feature the skyline of the city?"
"go on ur messages of myn"
"I can only hope to be that lucky one day."
"hey it me roc how are you doing??? Much more than i thought"
"When an academic has the exact same name as a bodybuilder, googling to find their email address throws up a hilarious set of images."
"HAPPY SPRING! (Oh, I love this time of year - fresh beginnings and warmer weather!)"
"#NowPlaying –Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – David Guetta ft. Usher - Without You (Nicky Romero Remix)"
"your last day to pick em up was yesterday. Office is closed."
"Hey people who live in central phoenix where do you fill up your water jugs?"
"yes, you need more distractions; we all do."
"If you're missing the #SDMayor debate, you can watch online soon. We will tweet the link when the video is up."
"So the #NFL is working on a CBA agreement finally. Hopefully this thing gets done...soon!"
"Just had the 50th person register for Boise Ice Breakers....Flatbread never saw us coming!! www.boiseicebreakers.com"
"whats up Torey hows the skating going keep shredding bro."
"Entering to win a $25 certificate #giveaway at"
"I ain't tryna be funny , I'm just tellin the truth !"
"Suspect I'm missing something. Agree; offline would be better."
"Thanks so much! We appreciate your help and tweet. :)"
"#ThatAwkwardMoment when you call ya lover another persons name O_O"
"Rick Santorum just got glittered! \"Feel the rainbow! No hate in our state!\" #glitterati 4/4!"
"These history journals <<<<"
"Yesterday's #karate reunion reminded me of the bonds only knuckle push-ups can forge. Major hugs for my old friends!"
"but it's all Gucci 😜"
"can please watch this and get it to Austin! Thanks mama mahone(;"
"Be sure not to miss YOGA tonight @ 7pm with Josh Plesinger followed by Spinning at 8pm with Melissa Reid from Fox 8 news......."
"tell that barber I wanna see.him lol"
"Watching, Dr. No, the very first bond film."
"SD journos already aware Romney's in town? I'm out w/a friend who sat near Mitt & co. while watching Hunger Games in Del Mar today."
"why do I have a feeling this is going to OT?"
"thanks for the add Sistar."
"I suppose, and that's why they suck."
"are you 80 yrs old? when are you having dinner?? 4pm? You can meet up with my grandma at the Golden Corral :)"
"More Chris Rock please!"
"#Top100Lies I'll do it tomorrow..."
"we don't pop collas we pop colla bones lmao"
"The Blo hair look that we got was \"Sex, hugs and rock & roll\"! Loved it!"
"hit me up my ninja everything is up"
"#thatawkwardmoment when someone tries to eat a bubble off your head."
"I just finished a final in less than 30 minutes. Idk if that's a good sign or a sign saying I just want to be done! Booyeah!"
"...waiting to lose power"
"You guys really should add at least 1 tour date in the Pacific Northwest. :'( Totally ignored #Seattle!"
"How much do you think the Leaf will cost?"
"Furiosity is on iTunes!!!!!!"
"Pontrello knots the game up at eight."
"ive come to realize that relationships are over rated all i need is a stiff drink and a stiff dildo and im good to go"
"I have so much to do, I have to manage this time better!"
"lol...that is awesome!!!!!"
"I really don't want to go to school -_-."
"who's ready for the red carpet? star time!"
"Writers keep writing Singers keeps singing people keep dreaming their dreams U C in their eyes feelings inside R from words of songs U sing"
"My Dads #1 rule up at his cabin. #1. No laying pipe after 9pm - Captains orders."
"I know right?"
"this prodject is due in two weeks from now ill do it next weeks lol"
"Who is bringing the \"hurricanes\" and \"dark and stormy's\"?"
"i was literally screaming on the top of my lungs when you guys where performing i love you guys:) FOLLOW PLEASE? 3"
"Check out 's new track \"turn it up\" by Young Siic via #soundcloud soundcloud.com/young-siic/06......"
"Crappy, crappy week -if u didn't know by my lack of interest in anything I couldn't put in my mouth."
"“: Thanks much & have a great day! :)” you too and see you there soon?"
"When your kid asks if it's mud or dog poop on them, just assume it's poo & don't smell it."
"What's this about?"
"Thanks ! I'm looking forward to it and seeing what you and have come up with for the unconference!"
"I'm in DFW too!!, I think you and would Love beamers & TheGlassBar clubs! Great clubs! Hope to see u there:)"
"Great times on vacation in San Diego! Pics on my FB."
"Thanks for the reply! Such a beautiful country.. I wish I was still there!"
"Why so angry Chaz?"
"Ref issue is more operationally taxing for MCLA, not deal breaking, but it is unforeseen cost to be certain; need 20 refs that are quality"
"Buh? MT : Former WSU TE Aaron Dunn has accepted a scholarship to play basketball at Western WA. according to their SID"
"I don't take any chances, the last two twittercided before I could."
"Get yo jam on!"
"Avoid the mall madness! Find special gifts like signed books by John Lithgow, John Hodgman & others. Also save on cookbooks & games at CGB!"
"Had an AMAZING shoot with ANTM Cycle 14 finalist yesterday! Can't wait to share with the world. Stay tuned!!!"
"Why do I always cry during oscar Acceptance speeches? Pretty lame"
"hookers keep a little stress relieve for many!! I think hookers are awesome and without us the world wouldn't be the same:)"
"Great to have you a part of SoloPiano.com Isaac!"
"oh ok that's what's up. Yea I think so"
"if this isn't a joke we should talk."
"Agreed. It's a major shift in traditional thinking, especially with 4 generations in the work force."
"I want my copy of whatever now not later tonight."
"NBC knows that everyone that watches Community doesn't have shit to do on Friday night."
"I can change a car's oil and brakes. I can mount a tv to a wall and build a book shelf from scratch. And I'm a bottom. Lol"
"Maintaining any semblance of a predictable schedule these past few weeks has been a laughable proposition at best."
"can you get to the Bud Light Hotel? I have 2 tix for you"
"Thanks again & Great #km #e20 insights, looking fwd to more .. as I d/ld \"Power of Pull\" to my kindle :)"
"watching the good son with Macaulay Culkin and Elijah Wood when they were kids reminds me of the draft with Ryan Leaf and Peyton Manning"
"Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to working together."
"Bricks. RT“: Now that #TigerSpot has been removed from Lowry Mall, what do you think should go in its place, #Mizzou Nation?"
"Awww, not this time! Phone died! But you too! xoxo"
"do you really? I bet I could kick your ass in it ;)"
"that's dope!"
"#MayDay has been chosen as the date the #OWS Movement revives. Will we succeed??"
"Happy Friday the 13th.This tends to always be a much luckier day than usual. Expecting bad luck usually brings good luck. or a good drink."
"Turn it to ESPN, my boy and Oregon are straight hoopin on LSU"
"still doing your thang< Keep the party going, I will let you know when im in the area"
"I got talked into joining an intramural ultimate frisbee team half an hour before the first game...wish me luck!"
"Music is the poetry of the air."
"Nope, the brunette"
"Hope I didn't goof! North Anderson Little League! Thanks again for awards in the Ballroom last night!!!"
"Idk when I left he was still up there"
"I wish I could go! When I'm back in San Diego next year, I'll be a regular for sure."
"“I’m convinced that about half of what separates the successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance.” Steve Jobs"
"Awesome playlist. Up the Iron!!!"
"counting on it! Thanks."
"I love Oscar skits!"
"We are definitely interested!! 😄 Email us with some info! We will be at Anthony's Runway 84 next Thursday!"
"you can only follow 10% more than are following you when you are over 2000. btw - hi! :)"
"that score is a joke"
"Thanks for running the #HoleInthedesert news! We will keep you up to date"
"omg that is right! i like a guy named ryan.."
"I'm like a modern day carpet bagger. I've been living out of my bag all week."
"My goodness, such vitriol."
"The are proud to be the first live event to earn the coveted winner’s seal from Parent Tested, Parent Approved (). Congrats!"
"Journal writing is a voyage to the interior"
"Oh no... What was the interview for? I'll look it up.on YouTube..."
"Leadership teams should not use terms like \"ensure\" and \"secure\" etc"
"When u find out please let me know!"
"Thinking of getting a new laptop. Refurb'd 15\" macbook pro w/ hi-res screen. Can you beat that in a $2k budget, in apple & laptop form?"
"So are my kids!! RT : Excited Favorite Male Singer Kids Choice Awards 2012 Is Justin Bieber"
"Damn near need a nap"
"Exam 1 & 2 passed with a B+ -__- not so happy about it ."
"Big Apple Bagel, hair appointment and getting my little ready for prom :)"
"Thanks! It was fun working with highend CG peeps on this"
"The Echo will b giving away a pair of #Brewers tix every Wed starting Apr 4! RT this for a chance to win tix to the Apr 8 game vs the Cards!"
"I just read it takes $141,037.97 a year to maintain Jennifer Aniston's \"look\". That's just ridiculous! Um...what about a charity?"
"This lotion smells like a chocolate scratch n' sniff sticker!!"
"which means no iTunes either"
"No, It runs for awhile. Not sure of end date."
"woo u did it!"
"WON #FASHIONSTAR aw she's perf x but still love s0rryyyy xx"
"Thanks to everyone who stopped by The Center's booth at The Savannah Center yesterday!"
"Had fun with the girls at So You Wish You Could Skate event!"
"Big props to & for keeping me up on #NFLDraft while I'm Calling soccer for .3-0 Standley Lake v TJ"
"Why are you trying to diss the Pres. and not Mitt Romney? He supports equal rights for all. All rights."
"I LOVE IT! I'm definately digging the lows and highs. But your lows are just amazing!!! It's all so good"
"A3. Thats tough I would build on iOS/Apple if budget is limited-they have the largest following at this time"
"smh you told me you we're ganna name her anna!!! Lier"
"I have no idea what Katie just said. What are you talking about?"
"by my count, that's 11 consecutive Rockies retired after Rosario's moonshot of a home run in the 4th..."
"My player card approved u niggas denied"
"Might be a rainy day - why not enjoy our beautiful Roundhouse and explore our amazing Civil War Exhibit - featuring trains used in the war!"
"This guy is a downer in. every. scene."
"It's so dark and gloomy out--I can't believe it's only 6:00!!"
"So it looks like the tweet of the day will be a hit. Now I am going to spend my days thinking of witty comments. Maybe some help is needed?"
"Correction - #StoudDay is today!"
"Lunch patio open busy day. Summer smells creeping through the air love Milwaukee"
"Terrible Towel rocks"
"that's dope my man!, def well deserved!"
"not necessarily... Not if the purpose is to gather info relating to the project and to ensure accurate notes are taken etc."
"u smell like a DOODOO SMOOTHIE!!!!"
"Well, we finally know what John Elway really thinks if Tebow. Peyton Manning now a"
"With cuts to school libraries $/staff, what tips do U have for TLs 2 \"make it work\" next yr? Will incl in my ISTE preso- plz retweet"
"how u doin"
"Hey just got to work?...where have you been???? The FIRST response to this debacle and you're an HOUR LATE."
"Join us this Friday at for our Official Opening Day Tailgate! Drink specials, signs, handouts, parade to stadium. 11am-2pm."
"Thanks to Joe Taylor for his generous support! We will continue to play our hearts for your to go-go dance to."
"Crossing my fingers that you weren't actually tweeting this while driving."
"Thanks for the #FF!"
"“: Can't wait to see my buddies at Adair's tonight!” We can't wait to see our buddy Gruber!"
"can Danielle Panabaker BE any more attractive!?"
"\" It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste. \""
"Hey our favorite followers Remember tweetup and menu unveiling tomorrow!"
"im not gettin off ok"
"#mydivorcesong Party in the USA"
"Hey guys!:)"
"Then why are we still in Europe and Japan?"
"I've been told :)"
"Gotta get up early and teach tomorrow & Sunday at the Mt. San Antonio College Writer's Weekend. #booklearnin'"
"omg. thank you."
"Should have hit the Harlem Shake across the stage and gave the black power fist."
"sweet. when are you going up there"
"I can't stop thinking about you."
"So happy today is my Thursday. That's all. today is your Friday! Woooooohooooooo!"
"Happy Spring! We're rolling around in cherry blossoms. Sup with you other wafflers?"
"Ikr if she could see me rn she'd be glad I wasnt in school hahah... anyway are you serious? what didnt she like?(x"
"happy first day of fall.. and happy Friday!!!"
"Playoff or not I hate them"
"You're annoying as fuck."
"Is voter turnout becoming lower & lower because people don't think their vote matters when money buys elections?"
"That's good to hear! Because I can't write a lick of code!"
"My sleep schedule is screwed."
"stage ouse tavern tonight lets have some fun"
"lmao! i only smoke a lot when im in texas or with margarita. so im good. lol."
"i need a co owner...."
"thanks for viewing it:))"
"Of Course!! RT : Thanks a ton to for not one but TWO pairs of emergency contact lenses, I really appreciate it!"
"Walking up stairs. Tripping. Ow."
"Back from twitter vacation. What'd I miss?"
"Maybe it's because is so FASCINATING, people don't want to look away ;)"
"I get da weirdest song lyrics stuck in my head durin work..."
"you do know that I had clothes in that hamper you took out of my room right?"
"No one has mentioned me yet...... who wants to be the first? ? ;)"
"Stayed by later than expected because of Tumblr yolo"
"I can hear a coworker's speaker phone in the bathroom. #tmi &"
"#AskBilas Could you throw it down like Anthony Davis?"
"What is the mindset of a person who stands in a long line to order food/drink, finally gets to the front of the line and goes \"um... Hm\""
"DO YOU HAVE A PICTURE OF HIM!"
"Still waiting at the doctor's office."
"I'll never stop changing"
"Santa monica pier on this sunday morning :)"
"Latin America and Caribbean building standards exist on paper, but where's the enforcement - no clue how many \"bad\" structures -Olson"
"you're welcome! thanks for the followback!"
"Shouldn't that be the case for the \"desktop\" web too?"
"tnx for the pinterest follow. Anyone else need an invite?"
"As the on-call weekend reporter, your tweets are not giving me much hope for escaping my apartment anytime soon!"
"We hit the studio November 27th in Woodstock. It's about to go down...!!!!"
"youre too precious. I CANT STAND IT."
"When Colton Haynes tweets about #GCB I want to cry. my favorite show talking about my other favorite show."
"that would be hysterical!!!"
"Troy Renck on taking Rockies questions, tweet or call or email us your Rockies questions! 303-297-1510"
"cool me too :)"
"Thanks for sharing John's article from our blog The Lab Patrick!"
"What do you like most about attending film festivals"
"don't forget about extra credit!"
"Shouout to she seems chill so follow her. :)"
"The notice is probably a good idea. I saw a lady on Sunday who sat in front of a fan then wondered why there was a draught."
"I wanna see a movie."
"That's true. To some extent at least."
"forreal... Haha yeah! We text each other all the time! Haha and I enjoy blowing up your phone! lol just take a picture(:"
"#CSOMozartBrahms Contest: First to answer correctly win! What was the last piece of music Mozart composed?"
"Thanks! Happy holidays!"
"Ok I'll stop"
"lol sounds good to me umm wanna meet somewhere around memorial city mall??"
"Weezy look like he on something"
"Excited to get fancy to tonight with my twin"
"Hi Bobby, thanks for the follow! Do any youtube videos exist of your famous wedding dancing?"
"you should play me on Draw Something.. I'm tay23_"
"Gary Brackett put on the IR as well today. Tough day for the Colts....or is it? #suckforluck #conspiracy?"
"need to put their end of the season skid behind them and start playing with some intense playoff lacrosse!"
"Will someone please go to rancid with me Sunday?"
"Walking thru a parking lot & an older guy drove by in fancy car, suit, music blasting. I got a HUGE wiff of his cologne on his way by. LOL"
"don't you love the nike + gps, i use it with my spotify app too so i can listen to anything, the fbook sync didn't work for me"
"Love u even more after this tweet RT : Seen more of guys in studio than the players at super bowl. Z hurry up music."
"I wanna skip school so bad tomorrow but I need to prove Mr. Spite wrong... So I can't. 😠🔫"
"great place to live and party"
"why do you have best tweets of life"
"So sorry to be out of touch these days. We are in the midst of a huge number of briefing projects!"
"You know, the longer the Lakers stay alive in the playoffs, the longer we have to hear from Laker fans. You sure you want this?"
"Wondering how accomplished the women of the feel to see their names appear on the big screen for first time."
"I miss reading for fun and leisure."
"It's a steve miller kind of day"
"First time on the driving range today #gonnalearngolf #summergoals :)"
"Is it becoming an unhealthy obsession?"
"Going to see Food Inc tonight...can't wait! But FIRST, a yummy Mediterranean dinner. Definitely not after!"
"You're hilarious too!"
"Thinking about replacing dying vintage iPhone with 4GS. But am paralyzed by craziness of plans. Any thoughts re: Sprint/Verizon/AT&T?"
"Pan but missed it :["
"Thanks for the follow. We'll let our residents know about your events!"
"conveniently they put a crazy hot mom on there so nursing looks cool...which it is...haven't read the article yet though"
"The pen is a paintbrush. \"The writer, when he is also an artist, is someone who admits what others don't dare reveal.\" -"
"curiosity yes! when washed overboard, take some clues from the sky and start swimming. Don't just traf water."
"Lol the \"wowreally\" to bad that's my moms"
"one of those Ls was the first round overtime loss to byu and jimmer."
"I have an unhealthy obsession with oil pastels...they glide onto the page so smoothly. :D"
"\"To dance is to be yourself. Larger, more beautiful, more powerful. This is power on earth and it is for the taking.\""
"If I had to pick, I think Heather would b my favorite. She's the moat real and will call ppl out... like Alexis."
"Oral drug test analysis found five times more heroin use in the U.S. workforce than previously believed, says Quest Diagnostics"
"o shitt,forgot i got kicked out of my 5th period.Different class O.o"
"One in the oven..."
"LOL. You'll be so busy trying to find the room you should be in that you won't think about tweeting."
"You make me smile w/ my heart."
"say hi to your FLORIDA mahomies ;)"
"Like tha New icon :D"
"what's going on? everything ok?"
"Loving WXYZ-TV Channel 7 's Detroit 2020! Way to focus on the positive and showcase sucessful Detroit companies!"
"Twitterfon may very well be the worst app ever. Easier to just use Safari and gestures to navigate."
"To learn to code,or not to learn to code,that is the question:whether tis Nobler in the mind to suffer;the IF's & DO's of outrageous Fortran"
"XD Be my guest!"
"what's the name of that song?"
"your post mentions wondering where the lyrics come from. Vast majority come from the community. GN is mostly duplicates."
"Watching the season finale of Alcatraz. It's a shame this show is probably gonna get cancelled cause it's REALLY good."
"“: How great are LA Sports teams all winning: ” how is the NFL team doing?"
"cool did it bro"
"why are you still up? #youshouldbein bed"
"We are... bestfriends.. but when it comes to food, that is a complete different story."
"Hahaha See, that's close."
"Shit, I need to step away from the computer screen for a few, my eyes are buggin!"
"$5 BoxLunch: Our Delicious Charlie's Dream, TUNA!"
"Thank you all for following !"
"A+J+A+T = ahyeeeeeeeeeeeeee ."
"Fresh and easy is the best for #healthy eating"
"omg rotflmao! watching family fued. the question was where would a nudest keep their keys? And this guy actually said up their butt. Wowhaha"
"All the guys want to chew up my bubblegum apparently."
"Excellence in Cookbooks (2012 KPP Awards) | Hawaii Book Blog"
"take it. RT “: WRONG GUY TO SEND THIS TO - just got a spam email saying I've been left a huge $$$ gift from \"Martin Van Buren\"”"
"dog poop in the house is a more pressing concern, I guess. Fire is a block away, we can see from our roof, it's big."
"lol. that's why i'm never having kids haha"
"Will Raheem be the Vikes D-Coordinator or secondary coach?"
"congrats on the blog numbers you are prolific, I had a very busy day some good potential clinets for me"
"This weather ☀>>>"
"What night are you attending? Or did you go already?"
"I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with \"Guess\" on it...so I said \"Implants?\""
"John Howe’s pin-making machine patent model, on display , is 1 of the oldest surviving auto production machines"
"IF YOUR NOT THERE FOR ME BUT I'M ALWAYS THERE FOR YOU MAYBE YOU DON'T MEAN ME ANY GOOD"
"Seeking Friendlier Skies"
"Adams: McClatchy's legal fight to get C&P data led to changes in the VA's FOIA system"
"that rat better start getting a salary & benefits; he's there longer hours than I am...."
"I'm happy you guys are alright! :)"
"#fail on the hotel, Maps, # fail on the route."
"Niggas rap about the block but I'm on it....IF YU KNEW IT WASN'T REAL THEN WHY YU WROTE IT"
"Well you caught me when I was out of the states in Jamaica! But now that I'm back, splendid. How about Philadelphia?"
"You know what they say about great minds! I chose my subjects before I even saw your response :) Also painting a tree."
"Just to clarify: the abbreviation for crazy is spelled \"cray\" not \"cra\". Thanks!"
"oh my god aim o:"
"Took another Rocket Risk! This one has my whole body shaking with excitement."
"heheh thanks! Yea, i ♥ Ari's voice, i love all her songs and covers, she should do more covers on YoutTube!♥"
"oh Lordy, I'm not ready for that yet"
"Back in MKE after an absolutely amazing vacation 2 the Bahamas. Off 2 Horny Goat 2 watch the Packers & annual Parts House Assoc. mtg."
"Jonathan is about to eat his first pbj, everyone hold your breath"
"This guy just came in and his total was $4.99 and he had a $5.00 coupon and instead of losing the penny he bought us all gummy worms."
"Just saw Miami leaving the Crescent heading to practice, wanted to give Lebron the finger... but were classy in Dallas.. Take note Lebron"
"Portland Public Schools considers high-tech, super-high-resolution surveillance cameras for all schools. We talk to camera designers"
"Dick Cheney has heart replacement, immediately renounces Iraq war and calls for closure of Guantanamo Bay"
"aye what can I say Just like the old song goes \"baby I got what you need\";) hmm just wait tell next week your all mine ;)xo"
"I love chick-fil-a 😍👌"
"Going back to Paris. Paris. Paris. Going back to Paris...now to shoot the REST of the arrondissements."
"Congratulations to Dewy Brooks and Susan Sternberg, First Night Austin's new President and Vice President!"
"I said in certain situations it makes too much sense. But if your best reliever is RH, who cares? Use him no matter splits."
"this bar is filled with men."
"#VampireDiaries!!!! Getting into the show!!!"
"yup so how have u been"
"be safe!"
"how international!"
"Last Sunday w/out the NFL until February 12"
"Everyone come wear what's on your mind www.insanityshirts.com"
"Blake Griffin is by far the greatest Orange player in the NBA. His nickname should be Vitamin C"
"As long as I am ahead of Gary Vaynerchuk, I am satisfied"
"Checking out Tim Hagans \"The Moon is Waiting\" Tim is a monster & Vic Juris shines! Tasty Rufus Reid and Jukkis Uotila? Well worth a listen."
"Yes, long, boring winters to blame..."
"actually a tough decision, I don't have the number handy, call the creek and see what they have, maybe nighttime crowd showed"
"Alhamdulillah. Appreciate you relaying that on to me."
"Just remembered about this redbox movie fuckkkkk, 2 days late."
"Thanks for the recommendations!"
"I just notice that I didn't send not one smiling which is weird !!! lmfao I'm always smiling let me see if I can send u 1"
"the gym known as the sidewalk and great outdoors!"
"HaHa!! I can't imagine getting hit in the face with that!! Awesome shit....<3"
"where? Where?"
"Geez, the power switch on our ADA8000 broke!!!! Great AD/DA for the money, but a broken power switch = :-( !!"
"Kavita Patel is giving the best talk I have heard her give in my short health policy career"
"eat ma eat"
"We Bought a Zoo was a fantastic movie!!! :)"
"Hospital, work, hospital, work, recoger escenografia, ... Triple espresso, work, --"
"oh no no no--- I gave those up years ago. :) Apparently all my friends LA were born this week."
"let me just say, Bruno Mars killed it tonight."
"Please tweet me<3 i love you ariana <33333333333"
"Go Daddy, setting back the women's movement by decades."
"So awesome to listen To people plan their vacations while at work."
"Yea, going to chip away at over the next week. It covers the context for the first half of my diss. Looks to be a big help."
"Thank god its almost time yayay bout get on facebook with the group an HAPPY MONDAY TEEN WOLF LOVERS ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~"
"It's my birthday, and I'll dress up if I want to. And I did. Yes, that's right people, for once I am not working in my PJs. :)"
"Thinking about changing our band name to Queefer Sutherland. Your thoughts?"
"There was a reason I didn't pick Mizzou in my pool made up mostly of MU alumns. Half the brackets are already busted."
"NYU and Emory: great models DH project intake: tiers of services (NYU) & # of projects + great feasibility assess. struct. (Emory)"
"#thankgod for friends don't know what I'd do without them.😃😃😃😃 RT if u feel the same way"
"That'll do it for today. :)"
"watch til the end of the clip I just sent. Shep can die in 2 and Joker takes over."
"Check out olive Dance Theatre on Fox news right now!"
"you know I got you!"
"im so sorry! i have been busy! lets tweet now! :D"
"Here in the movies with the family going to watch breaking dawn I can wait"
"So glad to hear it! We're giving out re-usable shopping bags to the first 1000 members - you can pick it up on your first visit!"
"Veal breast marinated in chermoula roasting away in the oven - my house smells awesome."
"Thanks for the RT! Will we be seeing you for this delicious event?"
"Skool is kool, hit class and get the cash"
"thats wussup. who you working with?"
"my vague hipsterism (and thus collection of chunky plastic glasses) finally pays dividends. Good luck!"
"the man with the evidence ... are you sharing?"
"I can keep you warm in the clubhouse, babe ;)"
"2 Months Left I Cant Wait, This Summer This Is Going 2 B A Gr8 B-Day Affair Thinking About That Cruise Hm"
"sure hope to see you playing in the Blue and White with Kentucky across the chest."
"Man y I gotta be the early all the time. lol!"
"Last class of the year. Wish I could take all four of my tests right now and b done"
"Lebron James officially wins his 3rd MVP. No surprise."
"lol that funny"
"we can debate the valuation, but Instagram is actually a delight to use and connect with others. Color never succeeded there."
"I hate to blow my own horn but me me me!!! I have 9 great inventions that will save our country how do I get funding?"
"Sounds good to me...I'd love to do it!"
"We're sorry. This comment has been censored by sopa."
"I always find it funny when a player talks about another teams fans. Those fans do not care what you think at all. Or ever will"
"At least we know will not be among the many panelist no-shows today, if he's in the lobby."
"Being domesticated today. Chores chores chores. Bleagh"
"Lol! Green's gf beer is good. Expensive, but worth it if you're looking for a \"real\" beer."
"Fashion show is over now about to head home to get my beauty sleep for prom..."
"your mean... I was saying it in that annoying way remember/ you member."
"missed you tonight."
"I know, I've been very busy too just had to check in with"
"Just looked at Marians schedule for this upcoming season. Looks like we play Franklin at Franklin for a night game. Get ready"
"Spending the day with fellow WV Dems. Women's Luncheon at the Gov Mansion then to the JJ Dinner to hear Al Franken. Sure to see many of u."
"it ain't even bout bn authentic or original no mo cuz muphukaz groupies"
"i really need to know why ppl take kola boof seriously--she is absolutely insane. i've never seen anyone more ready for a straightjacket"
"Happy hour makes me happy. Cheers!"
"Good Answer....lmao"
"Yeah bookstore, I'm sure you would love to buy my book back for $1, then turn around and sell it for $150"
"Those coyotes smell cookin'!!! : Pack of coyotes outside decides to begin yipe & howl throwdown :15 this AM?"
"you gonna let him say that your sister is \"on it\"? let's make shark week mean something."
"ugh!hate waking up early!!!!! only 10:08"
"rainy day but yet again in the studio HARD WORK pays off ... choppin up some heat in the lab .. making beats all day y.a.k"
"What triggers these wild ass dreams"
"ha whats wrong?"
"Get to tonight for good drink specials and great music provided by myself and !"
"2011-2012 concert series brochure looks great! They should arrive next week! press check at"
"you should check out 's profile. She made an online portfolio..."
"what's wrong?"
"I kind of want to dye my bangs bright yellow... Yes? No? Maybe? I have no clue."
"technology is just moving too fast for me these days"
"Got your tile samples shipped off! TY for the follow too."
"LA won!!! yayyy (sorry amanda)"
"Praise the bridge that carried you over. ~George Colman"
"Going to Pasadena next year. RT So what's your new years resolution?(Oregon duck related or actually useful, it's up to you)"
"doing great getting ready for a wonderful family thanksgiving. Hope you and your family have a great thanksgiving."
"Radwanska tops Sharapova for title at Sony Ericsson"
"Looking forward to a great improv class..."
"If you have pics from the Friday flashmob send them our way!"
"A lot of missteps were taken in the Shirley Sherrod incident. The White House will definately back pedal on this, the NAACP already has."
"Freut mich! Glad you're on board with #OpenAccess as well - keep spreading the good word. Prost!"
"Dear Avis car rental, the workers at your Jersey City location are breathtakingly incompetent. 3 hours of my life totally wasted by you."
"THANKS and hopefully coming to a theater near you in the fall!"
"HECK YES!!! haha ;p"
"Roller Derby was mega fun PLUS it kicked my butt 2day. Rebuilding my energy now :). Fun hangin last night!"
"It won't. It can only help you. :"
"Love the attitudes of the DB's on this team! Puttin' in the work with special results ahead #BCS #hookem#"
"already am lol"
"thanks for the re-tweet-thanks for sharing"
"Wishing All A Fantastic Easter!"
"Thanks for the follow ... so far you have brightened the days at the office :)"
"That heart broken feeling 😨you get when you find out something you didn't want to know."
"club life gets me through the day."
"Q3 2010 Results Presentation Speech Speech by Paul Polman, Chief Executive Officer, and Jean-Marc Huet, Chief Financial Officer, on Q3 2010"
"The term I use now is 'archetype' - less loaded than 'cliche' RT I think ur point was cliches are there for a reason."
"how can people say justin is untalented? say that and you're automatically invalid and irrelevant."
"Anyone else find the #drpepper10 #drpepperten campaign highly #offensive ?!!!"
"Kinda wanna know !"
"Yr like those ppl who r perfectly content loving w/o being loved back, it's beautiful."
"To LOVE is one thing. To BE LOVED is another. But to BE LOVED dy the you LOVE.... Is everything<3"
"Hey friends! We have a show November 12th at the drunken unicorn with baby baby! Be there! We want to see you all."
"How was everyone's day? :)"
"Since i had a dream that i was prego, i keep thinking that i am prego o.O :3"
"Just remember, if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off! ~ Anonymous"
"ive been at wittenberg all day today."
"Where are you located dude?"
"No thank u!!"
"Omw to church ; Good Morning ppl"
"you buying coffee?"
"Thank you so much. I know was very lucky to have him that long and the memories are a big pillow for the pain. XOX"
"Oh shoot I just saw this! Lol"
"\"World domination is such an ominous phrase. I prefer to call it 'world optimization'\""
"Craig Mundie pitching same $MSFT \"empowerment\" story. Real empowerment in government lets me alter the platform provider."
"Watching the TSA employees show up to work is scary! Gangsters and freaks! And this is who's responsible for our safety?!"
"Speakers now chuckling that most people can't benefit from this advice as most cloud services offer non negotiable terms."
"He spoke a grand total of 44 words on health care, according to"
"Aww that sucks"
"bruised larynx...could of silenced the voice forever!"
"“: gettin excited to launch this sucker! ” / You and me both. Hope your seatbelt is fastened... gonna be a wild ride!"
"; \"I mean.. If i ever had a girl as beautiful as you, I'd never let you go.. That's why he's a fagg.\" hahaha made my night :)"
"If we gonna WHOOP-ASS, let me crack the first can"
"aw. Thank you! I did have a great day with my bestie and family. My favorite thing is when I got my bikini. :)"
"Thanks for the RTs"
"is it live?! I'll watch!"
"Cubs beat the Cards in walk off fashion. Even though we're on our way to a 60 win season, it's always great to beat your rival!"
"Sorry about your experience! Did you find a place? Check out South Lake Union."
"I think you get more comments on your GAC about people disliking that you've met them than anything else. Great job on your vid"
"Panera Bread is my Haven of Bliss."
"Hahahaahahahah, absolutely!!!! With a cherry on top!!! Just for u C! ;)"
"sorry but i forgot to put my name in the pic should i re-do it or can you put my twitter on the corner?"
"major delete party on fb!!!..had to get back to to the REAL people in my life"
"Should I go out?"
"kill it homie!"
"a couple ;)"
"thanks for the RT. Have a great day!"
"SCREW U!!"
"your sisters lol. And no summer classes for me 👍💃🙏 but I start working on June 4th"
"15 min? You didn't even give it a chance Big Cat! I think the world can agree hockey is more intense than any level of bball"
"is today gonna be the day u finally follow me??<33"
"Its da 1st of the month ! Get ya link cards out lbvs"
"THE FORSYTE SAGA, and 's novel!"
"how'd it feel to win the iPad 3 you saw the video on our Facebook?"
"He's a failed actor, he supposed to be visually pleasing."
"Don't forget to drink plenty of water throughout the day."
"Happy Friday! Decided to get up early and start what will be a great day!"
"Fluidity that's the true movement of soul !"
"Osama Bin Laden is dead."
"we can always pop tha biggest bottles homie!"
"FREE STUDIO TIME... Call (678) 653-1883 to find out more!!!!"
"I accompanied Hay's class to Nutcracker many moons ago. The naughty kid sat behind me and kicked my chair the whole time."
"i got you, u heard 2 songs or 3? cause if u heard 2 u missed one which i dont think u heard"
"do u mean how or hwo !???"
"OHMIGOD WTF IT'S NOT ME."
"Where is the best place for a margarita in #ABQ?"
"Done caring."
"I minister tonight and I know God is already doing big things for tonight... How many could say AMEN! God bless and pray for me!"
"Formal starts at 7pm! Enter through the main door on the west side of the stadium & you will be directed to the proper room! See ya there!!!"
"Erica you're a hashtag pro! Kelli I think you're right--my tweets were top secret!"
"Got my musician FaceBook Page up! Will link it here in a bit..."
"Will Dusty EVER learn his lesson with Arroyo? He's fine until the 6th inning. He can only go about 5. Today? 3 run bomb in the 6th"
"WASSUP PEOPLE, HOW & WHAT IS EVERYONE DOING??? TELL ME WHAT'S ON UR MIND, TALK 2 ME, DNT B SHY!!!!"
"& even when I slide, God got my back if u scheme dont try it, cut cross water so my flo rip tides, kno about the lowend & I dnt mean Tribe."
"Call Me Maybe Katy PERRY? :O"
"I know you saw my request."
"I gottah pee so bad"
"how are ya hitting them?"
"For the record, we at TCS are not fans of ... Talk about a good way to ruin lovely pictures."
"Happy #LawDay! This year's theme is \"No Courts, No Justice, No Freedom.\" How are you celebrating?"
"I added your pin :)"
"#ThingsIwantTheMost an unbroken family, meeting <3"
"always will dude."
"-bows- YOUR WELCOME! I LOVE THEM THOSE DA IS MEH BESTFRIENDDS!"
"Falalalalala will YOU be my Valentine?"
"My meter does not get moved by Phil Mickelson. Never has. Never will. To me, he's just a completely uninteresting, standard, nice guy."
"Hello Ingrid, Thanks for the follow on Twitter"
"remember and love."
"Cutting social programs to fund defense is saying we need more protection for the people in need so no one kills them other then us"
"get some Boobie."
"I've got a ton to do today, film YT vids, clean, organize, grocery shopping, then cooking dinner tonight fir company...."
"Can we add \"whiz\" as well?"
"moving on in, moving on out, nothing can stop me."
"Seconded. #toteshilar RT : #FiveYearEngagement is hilarious! Had so many laughs tonight with some awesome roommates!"
"now only one ;-)"
"\"The person who pays an ounce of principle for a pound of popularity gets badly cheated.\"-Ronald Reagan, 40th U.S. president-via Brian Tracy"
"Thank you! Sorry for late response we are moving this weekend!"
"and that is exactly why they sold it."
"marketers value ROI. when social media provides it, they'll value it"
"Thanks to for the retweet, his army of morons is inspiring #tcot?"
"Classy Saints RT This is awesome. Gronkowski takes the rec. yards lead. Then, Saints put Graham back in and start throwing to him."
"ahhaha tell me about it!!(:"
"#thatcamp matt gold on helping students take control of their Int Prop"
"To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe."
"New 50/50 tees out from tultex at a great price!"
"The things you could do before you had kids..."
"Sympathy for the Devil - The Rolling Stones | Cool Videos Library"
"Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do. - Amelia Earhart"
"Just leased a Chevy Cruise from Mike Barnard Chevrolet totally amazing customer service and I love my new fuel efficient car :) Beep Beep"
"Ugh. The fire alarm inspection really did not help my headache."
"Love is when you love to kiss him/her again and again though you pretend that you don't like to"
"hey its augie remember me?"
"Hey, thanks for the share!"
"today is going by so slow"
"maybe you're still napping? :-p"
"u n me both!!"
"Won our match! Beyond #pumped love you boo!"
"sometimes I enjoy pointless crap too :P"
"Oh don't worry, I wanted to spend my Thursday night baking bread till 11 o'clock"
"cough cough"
"All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea. - Napoleon Hill"
"thanks lady! Funny how some decisions can change the course of your life completely. You know the feeling ;)"
"You Can Get The Bankroll Baby!"
"hahaha i love it when you say \"you stupid s.o.b\""
"Use real words! MT : Companies who use text speak (like 'ur gr8') make 40% less revenue than those who spell words correctly."
"Fireworks from Marine Barracks woke up our kids."
"Sing Your Song makes me want to buy all of Harry Belafonte's music. He sings a mean Have Nagila & Guantanamera."
"It was like of him and his friends and it said HI. (:"
"Love seeing close up!! Da Beast!!!!"
"NPR just sampled Black and Yellow then transitioned into a story about online prostitution. My life is complete."
"I have found another dedicated Mahomie that deserves to be followed by you!"
"where can we get that #OVERNIGHTCELEBRITY Mixtape w"
"Sunny all weekend...what sport will you be attending/playing?"
"My bodys more sore than after my sisters accident last yr.Good thing the gym hits me harder than pickup trucks..."
"Why am i in michigan?"
"Gone be a long nite of tears!"
"Playin drums tomorrow with and in Houston!"
"I speak of the colic"
"My boyfriend wear the same stuff"
"he is, lol. I'll never forget that Jarnell Stokes had to learn how to stretch."
"cafeteria duty"
"Fuck! I hate it when i put a burrito in the damn microwave and it blows the fuck up from the sides.. but the middle is cold a'f D; !"
"So I'm bored lol who wants to entertain me? :-p"
"That should've been rain in Spain"
"\"Current city 311 system is a road to nowhere,\" says caller to our Town Hall, regarding vacants. Call 1-888-886-6603, ext.17188# to listen"
"Can't Sleep >.<"
"my mom busts out laughing and says my 5 year old sister is planking on the kitchen floor"
"YEAH KNICKS ALL DAY"
"Had an amazing time at the #otisrolley for Mayor Fundraiser last night! Check in later for pictures!"
"it was yum"
"Pre-excusing is not becoming. Rub some dirt on it."
"haha my parents are dumb they let me pierce my lip not my tongue and I can get a tat but not my tongue -_-"
"The rich and corporations must be made to pay their fair share of taxes again, and then some to pay for massive reparations."
"awl OK"
"Three hours in the doc's office and still waiting to hear something. Ugh!"
"Congrats to my seniors! Thanks for a blessed year"
"Ye gotta go with Coop girl!"
"you're welcomee (: ,ohh & one questionn ,are you from the USA? ((:"
"Any friends out there work as a web developer/programmer that would be willing to design a website? There is pay involved! :)"
"I swear most people are so brain dead! Oh and stupid."
"\"Rich and poor have this in common: The LORD is the Maker of them all\" -PROVERBDS 22:2"
"I miss you"
"Prone to wander, Lord, I feel it, Prone to leave the God I love; Here’s my heart, O take and seal it, Seal it for Thy courts above."
"Once oupn a time. Once upon what time?!"
"Hanging at house...took a nice nap. :)"
"As reflected by that last tweet, due to travel/schedule conflicts I've had to reschedule this months' office hours to 5/23."
"Again Still Can't Put His Team On His Back When They Need It. MVP Of What? All Hail The #KingOfNoRings COUGH COUGH CHOKE"
"back staircase..."
"Some real gems at the SAIC MFA show: really liked Allison Wade, Alex Zhang, Josh Reames (et al room) &"
"I was just looking out for the team! Haha"
"jojah aka , shadow, and I are otw to MLG raleigh, saw a place called biscuit world!!"
"Hi Susan! Thanks for the follow."
"RT :“Dont use takes out reviews of people who aren't regular \"yelpers\" nothing u can do to get back good reviews-tx"
"The #Redsox last 2 games made mistakes on basepaths.Punto at 3rd ball hit to SS was out,today Ross on 3rd ball hit to 1st didn't score"
"Anyone thats like 5'3 and wants to be tall i will gladly give you my height."
"The Texas Hold 'Em Poker Tournament starts at 8:15pm. Hardly anyone is signed up yet, your odds of winning a reserved study table are high!"
"It's Happy Hour all day long! Come by and have a beer and BBQ Beef Ribs."
"The JFR transfers funds to rescuers in Poland via the PEKAO. Met with an IT person in Warsaw to resolve a techincal issue. Problem solved"
"For access to medical services to all human beings in the US regardless of job, age, etc.. Everyone needs to have the same access."
"Yes. My position interacts with MDs/PhDs. You're nothing if you don't have letters behind your name."
"No one is superior or special in the eyes of God."
"RT : sessions! | yes let's do it!"
"He had major complications from a ruptured appendix several years ago. He was very sick."
"just say you'll go. anyway no one ever shows up when they say they will to fb events"
"- ok, but no \"the pieces are in place\"!"
"Cake vodka?!?"
"aye real sh*t (peep game) If I tip around girl that I'm seeing naked, ain't that considered a stripper?"
"You can get what you want if you help enough people get what they want. -Zig Ziglar"
"why hello der"
"A man on a standing room-only bus just offered a pregnant woman his seat. Always nice to see such kindness on"
"Fact learned on this morning: #Pittsburgh has the highest elevation of any city east of the Mississippi"
"RT : \"Mr. Cain, without repeating yourself, how many Supreme Court Justices are there?\""
"not surprised--he's always ahead of the game. Every game. #wwJJMd = amazing"
"link to replay?"
"Polarizing. Concussion talk is here to stay. There are more than 12,000 former NFLers, less than 15% are plaintiffs. More stories coming."
"be careful out there lil sis"
"Haha, where is this coming from?"
"To be real, it doesn't matter anyways.."
"remember when you said we were gonna get married in spring? Yeah. Let's get on that ;)"
"Loved the team last year, we dont need no stinkin mannings...now go give Hass and Locker a big hug and lets get to work!"
"The older woman in the car behind me, is definitely toking on #Maryjane ! She must be at least 65"
"No food at the new place, so dinner is red wine, leek and morel cheese, genoa salami and bread. I feel so French"
"Right! Ignorant! That can be used in a court!"
"NP I'm Sprung T-Pain"
"thx :) appreciate it buddy :)"
"Shut up, cab driver, I hate you so much, ah!!!!!"
"Anthony Lukas made an its/it's error in a letter. Do I give my students more slack because of this?"
"ok I'll try for an hour I'm still in bed (:"
": isn't that from a Seinfeld episode?!"
"needs a location in Austin. My favorite store & I'm nowhere near one"
"Thanks, Noah, we got the word out."
"I dislike stupidity."
"just bought GOW 2 today, man I can't wait till 3 comes out"
"jazzy adjective jazzy music has a strong lively beat, like jazz"
"(Hales Corners) Command at crash advised no extrication now, just a door needs to be popped"
"Here at the Golden Nugget auctioning myself off for charity!"
"DEAD ALIVE/BRAINDEAD came to mind when I thought of an \"ultimate midnight movie.\""
"\"we putting the band back together\""
"#FemaleAttentionSeekingStatusUpdates You can certainly post about things no one cares about, but don’t get mad when no one likes it."
"Love RT : no freebies necessary. I'm down to support, just make me an exclusive and I'm good ;)"
"#dontevergiveup on that girl/guy you love.Don't worry,they'll realize how amazing you are someday.<3"
"I have a lot of poor man dreams"
"Its fingerprints and validation for my VST Instrument today!"
"On the 8th day of Christmas my favorite piercing shop gave to me... 10% off my entire purchase!"
"Ok. I'm good. How are you? I saw you today."
"Militarization of police mirrors militarization of populace."
"baby steps. Well have you drinking Belgian lavender Saison's soon enough. Especially since that is my latest home brew."
"Need some Hanukkah gift ideas? Gonesh scented reeds and diffuser oils make awesome holiday gifts. Ocean is truly phenomenal....."
"BITCH , I might be! Omfg paypay I miss your cray ass! <3"
"you acopleishon with me, Paz and the other xddd."
"Sales of Apple's Verizon iPhone predicted to top 1M in first week"
"\"Many of the reviews are unprintable, displaying a scatological humour of the sort long championed by cult comic Viz.\""
"DQ ice cream cake!!!!!"
"House is filling up for our sold out show with and tonight"
"It's happened to me before. Led to a healthy confrontation and healing conversation, actually. He had blocked it out."
"Are you ready?"
"...and reassuring, in their lumpiness and phrases."
"Thanks friend for the blessings!"
"NEITHER DO I."
"just received an email announcing that there will be an event announcement email sent out tomorrow"
"sweet twit pic. (;"
"that and guys with nice watches. The two best things. But if they have both. Forget about it. Game over"
"meet and greet event in march at , coming soon"
"Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness. Thomas Carlyle"
"Replace fear with love. The human mind is like a fertile ground where seeds are continually being planted."
"4 days until Mother's Day. What will you get for Mom? has some great local ideas on at 6:30."
"2 WHITE CUPS AND IM DAT DRANK COULD BE PURPLE IT COULD BE PINK!.......sn.IN REAL LIFE"
"The instrumental demo of \"I know I'm Not Wrong\" is really great."
"I am so excited to hear your new stuff. :)"
"#wrestlemania loving it for the first time ever watching it l. My dreams came true to buy this PPV event."
"yes for sure!! I miss all of my fellow #BAV members :)"
"Happy Valentines Day world :))"
"Why the hell is it soo hard for me, as a gay guy, to take a good pic? You would think! Lol."
"will do"
"3000 is a BEAST!! So many quotables it's ridiculous!!"
"When im gone u can turn on ur radio"
"great show last night at the hemlock"
"You make me so confused"
"ugh! those were some low points in my life haha"
"I should be the biggest star of this movie"
"where you shop HOT TOPIC ?!?!"
"They Didn’t Like My Ad Campaign: New “Irish Spring” Just Like A Swift Kick In The Balls. ."
"thank you :D"
"we will be going live in about a month. we are just pre-marketing Indy Fit Baseball!"
"I think something is wrong with ur flürgen"
"tell that to ....didn't sound to happy."
"you got a nice sense of ass in those khakis"
"At the summit, we will have a faculty comprised of Mike Michalowicz, Nell Merlino and Michelle Villalobos. They will gather periodically..."
"We are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier"
"Childbirth classes help inform pregnant women about risks/benefits of being induced, but there is decreasing attendance in the US."
"RT Did an interview abt social media tdy and confessed sometimes (like tdy) keeping up w/it makes me feel overwhelmed. Right?"
"beware of the Best Frontcourt in the NBA: Melo, Stat, Chandler"
"It's ALL settled... the birth certificate thing AND the woodchucking. Similar in importance, don't you think?"
"Rft“ LA, you are OKC's bitch until further notice.”"
"Romney is going to be the nominee. You're just in denial."
"I hate snow..."
"we gave you some more space :) Were you having problems with people seeing you were online?"
"And some hail."
"RT : The \"birds eye\" camera views are absolutely nauseating. Don't fix what's not broken"
"peanut butter captain crunch comin in the clutch"
"I'm not really the safest driver. But I am a good driver lol if that makes any sense. And yur welcome"
"I don't know about you, but I'm numb with 9 months of government takeovers. Am I alone?"
"now that's a tough one,hm! Lol"
"Your \"mostly relievers\" draft strategy is really paying off. Last in every pitching category but saves."
"Note to self: When working from home, before Skyping with a new business contact, CHECK THE HAIR. Gah."
"\": Trying to kiss me lolololololol\" boys callin dibs on me. Go away. I gotta niggga"
"Today shall be interesting"
"That play better be a part of 's Top Plays!"
":) :) hey so where's your party at tonight?"
"i complain about people a lot but i really do love my friends. they make me laugh just when i need to and i feel at ease talking to them. <3"
"\"Ebook Trends\" - Presenting now in the Hilton Washington International Ballroom @"
"Thank you so much! Let us know if you want tickets to the show :) sadly they are 25$ but its a huge all day 30 band festival"
"Eating plastic lettuce...yum!"
"come on pat, dont hate on the mcgriddles!!!"
"We hope your recovery is going smoothly! Come back and see us when you can!"
"Loving that hash tag! We might just have to steal that... ;)"
"Does listening to Stevie Nicks on youtube count?"
"Fishstick is a bum - glad they shipped him. He like 40? and gets lit up nightly ..."
"Yeah. Pretty much."
"To qualify for a race, you need to average 60 mph driving two laps around a 1-mile long track."
"Not just a debt crisis - Europeans are in endgame of centuries long historical cycle of empire, exploitation, war & now unsurmountable debt"
"You are such an inspiration to so many aspiring mua's! I know that you inspired me to chase my dream!!"
"Today at 3:30 I'm on NBC's Dee Armstrong show! That's pretty exciting i think!"
"no way!! Freaking LA."
"yes, but say something nice with it"
"it was an absolute pleasure to finally meet you & have join the fun at last night. I'm still stuffed."
"I think they are having a after party at the Relapse tonight around 12:30."
"Reverb is rockin FACEBOOK for musicians lol ! I coined that reverb ,THANKS EVERYONE HAVE A ROCKIN DAY ! AND BE SAFE GOD BLESS"
"I just got startled of something it sounded like a ringtone to a phone I went downstairs it stopped and it wasn't anyone phone"
"RT : Patience:: ur time is comin! Dreams come a couple of sizes too big so we can grow into em"
"What are the skin lesions related to HIV infection? | Information ..."
"I love myself and it feel so good! Ain no other love like it 😊"
"Yay called sprint and they fixed my #iPhone 4s issues"
"Stand up comedy >"
"Life seems harder when you have a good heart. You help too much. You give too much. You trust too much. And most of all, you love too much."
"I couldn't do it if I stood where you stood."
"Hi Diane, I'd like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your clients are perceived. DM?"
"Looking for a #Records #Specialist for a long-term temporary assignment in #Pittsburgh. Our client is looking to hire immediately so contac…"
"If you're catching, I'm pitching (insider)"
"- I think an edcampGR would be awesome. I might even make the trip out west for it. :-)"
"Sit yo fat ass down some where dang."
"I hate twitter thugs like GTFO !!!"
"I keep leaning toward Philly. I think they may have enough toughness and athleticism to pull it off."
"happy bday bro"
"Where are you heading?"
"Impressive streak. What prompted you to end it?"
"S/O to for graduating! Your education is important! Much love bro and congrats on the new single to your moms! :)"
"When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher cause I still turn to you."
"thanks for the follow Brett!"
"That's great. Good luck with the move, and we'll see you when you arrive!"
"Watching this Memphis/New Orleans game."
"FORCE FED FOR JUSTICE, DOWN YOUR FUCKING 🎸🎸🎸THROAT"
"Finally home! It's a great feeling :)"
"lol that made me sound so creepy..."
"lmao! I luv taco spot hopping. Except #RS (real Siri) she's a bi*tch out here and won't tell me where anything is at ;("
"“: that was live...thank you in yoda-speak: wall of sound and sonics you are” thank you for making the night!!"
"thanks Amanda for the support and follow I hope to get to pittsburgh one of my good friends lives there checkout"
"Cuz through the drama I can always depend on my mama <3"
"That showed how the Brewers feel about Soriano."
"Why does every status have to be about your freaking boyfriend?"
"Congrats to for becoming our 300th follower! WOO!"
"Bahah it's okay. I was really confused at first. xD"
"I'm done searching"
"likewise! meant to check tweets each night to see who/what was here, but hostel internet was spotty. breakfast at ohare?"
"if that qualifies as your definition of life I suppose he LIVES!"
"hahaha when I was lil all there was , was Barbie and her black friend"
"I've forgotten how much fun Call of Duty is"
"The flowered thing I have to famous people following me is... AND IM HAPPY!!!!!"
"you can send requests to marni [at] pivotcon [dot] com cc:"
"That's a balk."
"Just spent the a.m. reading Friends with Boys from start to its current page, and loved. Can't wait for more!"
"thanks for following me back again. I didn't know that you will. I guess that's what happens when people never say never. c:"
"RT : RT : We have a new showcase, The Wind Up on Thursday nights at 9:30 - awesome Chicago comedians!"
"Happy Easter to you too."
"Ha, it worked out for the Cubs, thus ensuring future bunts."
"I'm thinking about Central Asia for my next trip but first Hanover this weekend. too bad I won't see you. when baby coming?"
"hey im jordan ashleighs friend, She loves you truley and you should legit ask her out, you'd be so cute together!"
"thanks Chris!!!"
"Is it a bad idea to eat one's lunch at 9:51AM?"
"BOYFRIEND ON IN 5 MINUTES. OMG IM SO EXCITED. YEEEEAAHAHH"
"that is some quality neighborhood cruzin music. That'll scare the Moon housewives!"
"so true!"
"Just had the funniest phone conversation. With my mom. At 10 pm."
"#93-Eric Berry-SS-Kansas City Chiefs"
"Get 10% off your roof repair today by calling 305-910-7388"
"#Leadership. When one teaches, two learn (said Robert Half), but when one leads, everyone criticizes! - Tom Davidson"
"dark roast. Sure"
"Young & Gifted Foundation - Not Afraid to Fail - Believing You Can Succeed!"
"u must be smoking like me"
"This is such an awesome stat...great story RT : via the Colorado broadcast: Jamie Moyer has faced 8.9% of all hitters, ever."
"Alot more golf to be seen on CBS and NBC. Long term tv contracts signed in spite of the decline of Tiger. Solid"
"Was in Vail this weekend for the Vail Snowsports annual paperwork & training session. Great to be back in the mountains. Devo starts soon!"
"10 Facebook Tips ; DEACTIVATE AND GET A TWITTER."
"My son wants to see the blacksmith segment... Are you posting that one to your Facebook? He lives in Baraboo."
"That moment when you think tweeted you but it's actually with her \"jc caylen lol\" name -_- lol."
"somthing I'm not :)"
"yes mam, hopefully they put me on ;)"
"Mission: sell hope of a sustainable way out of poverty"
"Prediction: Sometime somewhere somehow Trump will discover that the way for him 2 get more of spotlight & publicity will be to “fire” Romney"
"Me always following , you becoming a Intellectual........"
"It feels right, girl just give me a sign. We gonna party all night, have the time of our lifessssss 😘"
"Join this Friday at 11am for Irish dancing along State Street, to the lights and sounds of St. Patrick's Day."
"Vikas! Great meeting you last nite ! I'd love to link up & tell u abt - #SMS #accounting tool for #Bop !"
"awh man! memories haha and nice man, we don't get down until the end of May"
"Set yourself apart from the rest, only then will you truly be alive."
"#CoStar making more productive in #cre and twitter!“: First time using twitter from the iPad. I like it.”"
"RT 10 years ago today: Allen Iverson said the word \"practice\" at least 24 times in a single press conference."
"I know I have another left, but I honestly don't want to leave high school."
"is this true everywhere in the world?"
"So the interview with WILL BE STREAMED LIVE!!!!!!! Spread the word"
"why am I up"
"preach it sistaa😊👍"
"Congrats to ! The Bengals are a lucky team. Great"
"Why is it when I build a bond with a person outside of my family passes and I feel sad when they die than my own family ?"
"Thanks for the RT"
"No doubt Ann Romney had tough job raising all those Romney kids-lots of credit given. It's extra hard to do it w/o much money/security."
"bad, bad comma splice. For shame o educated one!"
"shower time.(;"
"back from an excellent one-on-one training in network analysis with cant wait to apply learnings to understanding info sharing!"
"Looking forward to a great day tomorrow, Auditions for Aidan at NYFA...."
"Rackspace Releases 2012 Green Survey Results"
"Man wait to Rondo get a shot he would be the best pg in the game."
"ha! I will be sure to vent fully! Thx for the tip! :) boarding now finally!"
"It's been almost a week of not having to wake up at 3:30am everyday and I'm rediscovering what it's like to be human."
"mornin lol sorry we r super late"
"WE LOVE making it a wonder-fuller day at Park Here everyday! RT Big shoutout to Everyone melts in your furniture"
"I'm going to be sick of the NFL. Of course I'll watch because I'm a lemming, but I will complain until I fall off the cliff."
"If you don't like something about the dream you're living, start by imagining it the way you'd like it to be."
"What's Up?"
"Good morning! thx for the weather update! Now how do i get away with wearing flip flops at work...."
"Been looking for the zip-over #travel #pillow & having no luck! ? ? ? ? ? ?"
"haha was that a rap ???????????????????? Hahaha stick to Rock or whatever shit you listen to"
"You know the Motto always be prepared to show somebody how much you don't give a fuck!!!"
"Can't imagine the awesome pride of playing for one's country. GO USA!!!"
"Hating that I'm missing another #SDCC. Always short of time or money. This year it's time."
"yeah....i dont know what that says because i have a crappy phone..."
"I hate Mondays."
"we're a clothing company based out of Columbus, Ohio who believes in connecting with people and making our products with love"
"Till the soil masterfully. Plant the seed perfectly. Water the ground graciously. Yet leave room for Nature to take her course, naturally."
"omg i wanna see you so badly when u come to ny but the meet and greet price is $650... thats just way too much :("
"Awww! Mini Sharmin. Words can't describe how friggin' cute that sounds! =D"
"Is coworking coming of age? Accenture recently joined the coworking movement, joining LEXC a network of unique independent coworking space…"
"When I came into work today, a video of news stories about the opening of Captain EO was playing. A great way to start the shift."
"even if we did it wouldn't be none of your damn business Kevin lol"
"I can't tell whether or not I feel bad for hoarders, I mean when you die all your shit gets thrown away anyways so why not get a headstart?"
"Karen O'Connor, founding member of Women and Politics & former editor shares her experience."
"Hey , who on the #lions has been the biggest surprise for you this year? And who do you love playin wit?"
"That's the way to go, not sure about raising it though lol. If you buy a 1/2 steer or so at a time it's really not too expensive"
"- the existence of animals and plants are not artificially created & are believed to be the work of God."
"Not cool bro"
"#tiptwist Tip Twist #1:GROCERIES: Don’t Assume Generic is Always Cheaper."
"Half of the top 10000 books in a book superstore don't even sell one copy per quarter - The Longer Long Tail"
"You are very welcome. Thanks for the follow."
"It's a grand achievement!"
"Being called dida << that isn't my name .."
"I know :((( lets just say, she might have stood on a spinning computer chair and fell at work haha"
"Routing for Clooney"
"is the boss. Its true, tshirts don't lie."
"thank you!"
"Check them out :D"
"Old folks at the Giant Eagle are crabby today."
"I'd like to think when you start becoming the right man, the right woman will be easier to find."
"It's almost like NSR's defenders are having the intellectual rigor of ... following pre-circulated talking points! \"craven\" used 2x thus far"
"This is the type of situation that makes legends! Who will it be?"
"Correction to that last tweet: Tickets for 's workshop go on sale tomorrow (Thursday) at noon."
"Congrats to Claire for winning a copy of book & iTunes download of album!!!!"
"Excited to learn that this year's will be #Othello. Shakespeare in the park is such a great Forest Park outing."
"Really nice of Mayor Carcetti to lend a hand."
"awwah thanks I sure will keep u in mind wen im walking the runway!"
"bout to hoop with Coach Schmidt. Pick and pop all day."
"Awwwesome. So far my day started by dropping a picture in a frame and burning my breakfast and running late. I love today. <3"
"Happy birthday ! :)"
"You are so fun to watch. You have the most amazing smile!"
"I know right! I had my birthday there, that place is delicious!"
"Welcome! Good chat today"
"\"Throw your PAST in the Dust-bin, Keep the PRESENT on your working table and Display your FUTURE on a notice board"
"I'd jump on board with that. How about the rest of you?"
"Tampa Bay needs: San Francisco's Tartine bread and Bar Tartine. Warm grilled bread, big chopped salads and roasted herbed chicken. Yum"
"oh why thank you ;)"
"thanks for following me!"
"omg way worse than snake!"
"yeah it is, obviously I was talking bad about you on here"
"\": I need to so some yoga or somethin... Get my flexibility back\" sounds like a plan ;-)"
"Junior Seau dead... NFL lost one of the best linebackers ever to play the game"
"“: Slimmer cuts are dominating the Oscar tuxes tonight. Christian Bale's tux is razor sharp! JM”"
"I always stress about at the end of the school year too much . ._."
"10 year olds have a Blackberry, an iPad, a laptop and Facbeook? When I was 10, I felt cool with my new markers."
"The next three weeks are going to be epic. Two more days with Roberta, a karaoke birthday, a beer festival and a beach vacation."
"Women drivers.. Smh RT : Almost got into a wreck with a fire truck.. Wow"
"“: Boosie Boo not guilty! How'd he pull that off lol ... He didn't do it!!! Lol!"
"Bring your cameras to document the insanity. Should be a game for the ages."
"RT : OK, I'll admit...had a great time at Company this afternoon."
"Great deal! RT TODAY ONLY - Join California Family Fitness for just $20!!! Please RT!! :)"
"HEY, HOW ARE YOU?(:"
"low key the whole carpool is in town...we should link up today"
"Two show Tuesday"
"It's better to have 4 quarter then 100 pennies. REAL FRIENDS"
"young based god and my girls Miley Cyrus party in the USA oh my god"
"and you ttweet justin bieber saying I'm lying thanks aa bunch!"
"so ik u have a gazillion fans tht all want u to notice them... But #NeverSayNever rite? So please notice me and follow me!"
"Thanks for the heads up. I went down there in the late morning to talk with folks. The story aired earlier this evening."
"me too! The awake part. In SFO. Dreading fluorescent lights. Feel better Ruby!"
"Listening to weekend forum on gaining momentum on racial equality in the wake of #TrayvonMartin.I love"
"thanks to all the awesome tweeters catching on to the tweet trend for missing tommy hecht! keep it up!"
"RT : Looking forward to the Central region meeting at"
"Happy thanksgiving everyone *blows kisses and waves*"
"no problem!!!"
"#YouGettinPunchedIf you wake me up before my alarm."
"What's hanneninnnnnn"
"been dreaming about boats. fixing and traveling in them. last night my boat turned into a bed."
"Goodmorning how goes it this Saturday"
"Im Allergic To Bullshit , Lies , Drama & Being Broke ."
"bring it on, that Blake is one good egg!"
"Thnz for the mention &"
"Bingo players brought the sweetest gifts for Ice -- he's won lots of hearts around here"
"when you get fucked over again I don't wanna hear it #realtalk lol"
"People need to keep my freakin name out they mouth. People in flint ain't got nothing better to do than lie and gossip about people"
"When does work this week!?"
"I wanna go to the park today, it's beautiful out "
"My prankster? , My bad guy? Jason McCann. My rapper? Shawty Mane. My Doctor? Dr Bieber. My inspiration? Kidrauhl."
"Grain: mashing! -- with shockingly little drama."
"Ginger ale and gummi bears doe"
"The 1972-1973 Annual Report describes this donation as \"The dead art for 'How to Play Better Football.'\""
"Fact: freshmen boys drive me insane. (but I love em) #seven days"
"It's hipster irony."
"Still hungover damn"
"Indiana GOP Senate Debate is live on #CSPAN tonight at 7 pm ET."
"Wish I at least had a 10th planet shirt on."
"Thanks for the #FF! :D"
"yeah I already know about those. I always stay through credits on all Marvel films anyways"
"Is #geertwilders really that funny?"
"Hi there hot stuff!!"
"\"The truth is easy to kill. But a lie well told is immortal.\" - Mark Twain. (I do hope he's wrong.)"
"Cheating on a good girl is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock."
"Big time job. Oxymoron."
"just wants to update her stalker... I'm at longitude 345789.24 & latitude 578754.70 and I'm cleaning my gun."
"“: If you want to know who to mistrust, lower your defenses and wait to see who attacks you then”LOVE THE TWEET-BASIC GODFATHER"
"I want to hear the story."
"Sanaya Roman~ When you are feeling depreciated angry and drained it is a sign that other people are not open to your energy."
"“: O gezzzz I'm so sorry no more rants I swear! ✌💚😃” Just woke up. I'm enjoying them."
"yo in reality, over half the music out today no one's saying a shit n those regurgitated punchlines... mediocre upper echelon raps.."
"It's *complicated* but then the best things often are."
"it's been ages since I've been stung, but from what I remember... it's no fun >:("
"damn yesterday made 4 months its still so unreal is gone I still think about you girl ily RIP ASHLEY <3"
"Actions speak louder then words!"
"I was being sincere cause I fucking liked you and dident wanna be like a fucking douche bag and be like omfg nice noodz let's"
"There's no reason we can't do this again in June! We only need 45,000 #Orioles fans!"
"If inclusion of (& adherence to) stage directions obviates the need for a director? SO BE IT. If that's all they were doing? Skip it."
"please give bday girl a shirt @ ekiblawi"
"1.Today dropped my Iphone on the toilet= CATASTROPHIC"
"And AK47 is my fucking address ;)"
"Couldn't agree more. Thanks for the kind words, Matt"
"Just got done talkin w/one of my colleagues. On top of his game as always. Enjoy talkin2guys who know what they r doin&talkin about!"
"Worrying is using your imagination to create something you don't want. - Abraham"
"Neutrino already fired, hired as HP CEO."
"LaZombies Tonight on LOGO channel Tune in RuPaul Drag Race"
"Thor in the ER = hilarious"
"Doin it big early down in savannah at Retro with 's kill it!! Happy St Pats!!"
"Ok...last time we talked I had a broken wrist..and still do...ANOTHER HINT???"
"RT : the PR firm that and i founded in college did PR for how's that for a dream come true for me?"
"Having control of high traffic sites gives SEO providers fast results with strategic link placement. Influence not knowledge matters in SEO"
"Wondering if best friend is at derby again this year wearing a fabulous B. Michael hat...where are you Mary?"
"For example, spent the morning with my Frat Bros, planting trees for #ComcastCares day. 7a-10a."
"It actually worked. Ten times more than I thought I would get!"
"I don't mind!"
"Damn these blondies are good!!!"
"yow. sessions to hill."
"Called the Gov of Missouri, posted this to Facebook and retweeted. We'll do our part from CA to MA to help."
"Viewing proofs! Yay!! :D"
"Laughter truly is the best medicine. Spending some time with my girl Jess<3"
"I'm headed that way now."
"If knowing who you are is hard then how can you express yourself? ~ possibly buy a mirror and find ur image.... L0L"
"The next show replay is Tuesday on Root Sports - I believe 5:30pm."
"my husband runs a lot and LOVES them! He took them to Afghanistan with him and uses them to run there too :)"
"Berly finished hand drawing 3 mother's day cards."
"are you going tomorrow ? or no ?"
"how many models do you have?"
"thank you for the shout out. Love reading your tweets!"
"why did I have to fly out of town this weekend. Darn! Happy super super early bday I guess. Haha"
"All of our food that you LOVE to LOVE is made ALL NATURAL and from SCRATCH without any unnecessary processes!!!"
"haha.... Swamy ji, do something that give her heart attack"
"thanks for the rt"
"lol that would be so kool... but i would call catwoman,,,😝"
"I don't know where he went, of all days.."
"yea!! RT : Now following"
"appreciate it brotha.. Good luck with ur 2nd feature."
"I'd seduce him no doubt"
"RT : vetoes bill from directing Va. Edu Board to develop phys ed plan for schools."
"Sign up and Listen Live www.iBand.me"
"That awkward moment we you have to adjust your lobe when you lay down on your side."
"Did I miss the Paris discussion?"
"I just don't understand why I was made a part of this hahah"
"You're proof that the hard work pays off! You know, top 10 album on Billboard and all... : )"
"If #LOVE is hard to find then you're off..God is Love and He will #DIRECT you to happiness. #SpeakingtheTruth!"
"Democracy is when the indigent, and not the men of property, are the rulers. Aristotle"
"I didn't have a ride ...."
"I wish I had legendary on my phone or any movie on it but I dont :/"
"Doin my hair over Chews so we can put this plan in motion...Watch this tho..."
"awww we wanna see that...now and I are discussing our parents' mortality"
"People keep giving me free iPads. None have actually shown up yet."
"My room really needs a record player..."
"everything is more fun when JiLL's around!"
"Ended day with a great prep call for panel which I'm part of for #ASC12 next week in Austin. Should be a good one."
"I just dropped some major 中文 knowledge on"
"Glad that's over"
"Swing by the station. When are you arriving?"
"Are you near Orlando, and What channel at 5pm?"
"Weapons of Mass Destruction"
"gmyh was gonna come out today :("
"follow me back. And i will let you know who I am."
"Ha! I was waiting for the first comment to show up on the Women and USIH post. thanks for reopening the wormy can! Let's not go t"
"Good morning ;)"
"House of bread in anchorage is awesome !!!!!!! Happy mouth!!"
"Dear , I love your fuzzy wallpaper and ecclectic decor. Please don't ever change. K thanx."
"A week from now, I will be playing in the first match of the season for the SJTL. Spring outdoor tennis bears little resemblance to indoors"
"just noticed that the leopard print limo lives in west LA."
"This fantasy baseball seems pretty crazy with the offseason changes made. I always say that, but it seems especially true here."
"Ugh...2moro i gotta do work...on math...i suck at it..but at least its easy (:"
"forever wishing i could work at Sugarscape. omg it would be perf."
"DM me so we we can talk"
"haha I know right! I'm actually loving the weather the sky looks beautiful :)"
"tootsies is ur second home... oh wait got that wrong 4th home... oh lord ur everywhere ugh I give up lol"
"r u ganna upped it tonight"
"Great times at Tribal Connections this last weekend!"
"Did you guys know St. Patrick wasn't even Irish?"
"Good day Sun is shining an Lakers are playing :) think I'll wear my #24 jersey today"
"But, if the American Dream is about an individual getting rich as hell, then maybe we would come to a different conclusion."
"So true... tuche!"
"yea lmfao it hurt"
"When his friends encourage him, Leonard asks a woman out! Tune in at 6:30!"
"Recruiting in Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas the next 3 days. Back in time for our last home game of the season Sat. Redhawks are improving!"
"Welcome home boys...We missed you."
"Regarding privacy: If you've created a profile somewhere on the internet you've largely sacrificed your privacy."
"#Saffran #Orlando coming soon to the FL Mall area! Check out our amazing food! www.Saffran.us"
"oh no no! it's just a word that creeps me out. everyone has a word! what's yours?"
"Hey ladies if your mam gives u good head, retwett thid"
"RT Thanks Marky Mark! You get my sense of humor! Lol. ;) I also get how Gmoney stinks.."
"As a direct result of media coverage, Alfreda Barlow has been located."
"*you're"
"please follow me i had to make a new twitter :)"
"ooh ok will do :-)"
"hahaha omg, good luck with that lol"
"you guys stay stuck on Diana's big banana smh yay dios mio"
"Quality businesses offer ‘lagniappe’ (extra value) to customers! By Joan Endicott"
"Good luck!!! Will send out some positive energy your way:-)"
"Chrysler's big mistake was selling the original Sebring Platform to the Russians!!!"
"Goin to cinema in a hour.. Forget a little about school.."
"if you haven't changed your #Twitter password yet, you should."
"If you enjoyed the synchronized swimming routine on Glee tonight, you'll love our Azul show. #SeaWorld San Antonio opens on Feb. 4."
"Thanks for the follow!"
"1st day of the week feeling 100%. It's a good thing I'm only in the office for half the day. :-)"
"they just burn their own city now and again. No biggie"
"Pray tell."
"You can do better than that"
"don't die before Record Store Day!!!"
"You gotta dream like you never seen obstacles💤"
"You a bad girl and your friends bad too, oh We got the swag sauce, she drippin' swagDEW"
"Guacamole and stale jellybeans for lunch."
"tweet-up is on fire!"
"Did You Know? - You can make Installment Agreement payments with a credit card or debit card at www.payUSAtax.com."
"At The Cheesecake Factory, trying to pick a cheesecake."
"Living Mice = Lost track from The Cure's Disintegration album. :)"
"Thinking about"
"SAT word of the day: unctuous (adj.) smooth or greasy in texture, appearance, manner"
"perfect! That's all I need to know about:)"
"Is Michael Andretti on this show?"
"I HAVE A HUGE CRUSH ON AND IM SO IN LOVE WITH YOU AND OBSESSED WITH U SO IT WOULD ROCK MY WORLD IF YOU FOLLOWED ME BACK <333(:"
"Hey hows everything going with you?"
"no. Plenty of space to do that outside."
"better yet! You and Carol should come over for dinner."
"Who the fuck is Jacob Bell?"
"This is an oatmeal kind of morning."
"And remember, there are only computers. Planes, TVs, cars, etc -- they are all computers."
"but you went away, how dare you..<3"
"that happened to me last week had to buy a different brand. They were also out of my coffee"
"so true"
"#Sis, The Conference of the Birds. Amazing illustrated adaptation of the 12th century classic demonstrates why books need to be on paper."
"Pumped for Mir vs JDS"
"I'm assuming Harry left his phone at home? Whats the plan, dude?"
"You've got to take the initiative and play your game. In a decisive set, confidence is the difference. - Chris Evert"
"Chillin 'S Downtown"
"Piano for the score of 's film - \"A New Life\" with Life is good."
"UGH...it's sales tax time! I'll be buried in paperwork for awhile!"
"Wow Mike Wallace of 60 minutes just died."
"Cursing spin coach for getting \"Moves LIke Jagger\" stuck in my head from class this a.m. it's driving me a bit batty."
"Major headache! :("
"Watching a documentary about Scrabble Champions... did yall know that San Diego can also spell DIAGNOSE? Love learning shit like that."
"I need a boyfriend"
"Just got in the car. Thermometer on dash says 105"
"taking pictures :)"
"...Two fire marshal vehicles"
"Fenouil is AMAZING! Well-deserved!"
"Or do I actually have to kill a second hobo?"
"15. If he were any more stupid, we'd be watering him twice a week. 16.Bright as Alaska in December."
"people tweet me #HackedbyMamaMahone and ill rt (;"
"Hate to start Monday off with bad news, but this is just disappointing. Botched housing effort by Peaceaholics results in waste of city..."
"Not a finger!"
"Come on, man. You're from Seattle!"
"Invites will go out soon for the 2012 All-American JUCO Showcase. For consideration email Brad Winton"
"Christmas is coming early to Upward MotionPersonal Training! Come discover the NEW and IMPROVED Open Gym!!!"
"As I get older, I just prefer to knit. - Tracey Ullman"
"haha nice, mine dropped a lot the last 6 matches or so -.-"
"Avoiding wrinkles tip: Avoid the sun, except for early or late in the day for a few minutes, depending on where you live."
"How good does a female athlete have to be before we just call her an athlete? -Unknown"
"Cameras ready #movie #plies #ritz2 shout out all my ladys"
"Thanks Steven! cc:"
"Feel Asleep For Literally Two Minutes ."
"lmao man yeah"
"he's pretty solid right?"
"Keep the air your baby breathes smoke-free - both to reduce risk of SIDS and for baby’s overall health (as well as your own)!"
"Have fun you crazy bastards! Say ello to Harry for me!"
"I can't wait until tonight!"
"steady doing tht huh ?"
"haha im going to come in and be like hi ms simmons, i have a delivery for abby horan i mean what ?! haha"
"Thanks for the follow! Would love to help spread your influence."
"Aww thanks! Well.. edited it ;) haha :)"
"I knew the \"trio\" wasn't gonna work very well"
"trying to do a essay hbu"
"oh man I hope Neil Hamburger joins them again"
"Done. RT : Be #Considerate of others."
"looked past by most, looked down on by all."
"Just confirmed will be performing LIVE Oct. 22 !"
"Brandi Montoya defeats Natalie Roy via unanimous decision!!"
"- \"Rock-solid\" = being the island of competence in the sea of incompetence...party on the island! : )"
"that is awesome! :))"
"multi tasking per usual I see lol ! :-)"
"Yeah no problem! :)"
"Am tatted Up"
"haven't talked to you in a bit. How's it?"
"Are you a #Law #Student or #Professor? We'd love to add you into our community and share ideas. @ us and we'll follow back!"
"Time to break from #NADA2012 & watch ! Who's your team this year?"
"Tony, thanks for following us! Here's to hoping you find our tweets as amazing as we do!"
"This isn't just about this episode. She's been lashing out towards Dayana and other women in the group for weeks."
"You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem and smarter than you think."
"This house does my head no justice but makes my writting pretty magical I guess hotels make my writting interesting 2 tho somaybeitsonlyme:p"
"Did We Have Chem HW! O.o"
"What about a \"hardly\" ironic form of transcendence? That said, I'll take transcendence where ever I can get it."
"I see a Mediterranean cruise in my future. First stop, Barcelona!"
"just down here grinding in the M-I-M-I. How are things with you?"
"Hello Emi great to meet you here on Twitter."
"Look forward to seeing you there!"
"Bout to warm sum chickin up.* via meth lab *"
"Sit back, relax and enjoy this beautiful new guest blog..."
"Sum females like dat degrading attention."
"gud looks james"
"Today is Monday, or what I like to refer to as WING-day. I'm going to Beamer's Pizza to get me some HOT chicken wings @ 25 cents each! WOW!"
"Finally looks like winter outside."
"Definitely a successful night!"
"Good morning, Zipsters! Who enjoyed the sun this weekend? Any #ziptrip pics out there? Share 'em with us for $10 free driving!"
"Our relationship with the earth must be like our relationship with one another--a ceaseless exercise in respect. ~Aldo Leopold"
"Phew... All moved into the new condo in Davis Sq. Loving it so far!"
"yeah I know! It's freakin stupid!"
"Just finished Toastmasters, now on to a business mtg at Starbucks in Plano. Lunch mtg at LakesideBiz in Rockwall, TX."
"Happy Easter everyone! I hope you all are spending this holiday with your family and friends."
"whats good bro"
"- Australian laws concerning meteorite export are strict. Not sure about tektites, although the law likely covers them also."
"Are you freakin kidding me!!??"
"THE DARK SWEDA RISES"
"We're looking for creative/travel/art blogs to contact about featuring our project. We'd love your suggestions!"
"thats a good tweet... I played point guard for 8 years competitively so I definitely know how to set up the play for the win"
"Little-noticed \"trigger\" in debt-limit deal would force Congress to join WAC as its 8th football member if no $1.8T in further cuts by Dec."
"Lucky you. I miss NYC, especially in springtime."
"That awkward moment when you're crossing the street and the people in their cars are just staring at you.."
"you don't have more than half of all programs losing money every year."
"Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-69"
"That should be something geeky historians say when something good happens. Free coffee n the lounge? Thank your awesome sources!"
"check you DM ASAP!"
"Where do you rank Rakim?"
"#Health #Tip: Feeling run down? You may be anemic. Have your iron levels checked and eat plenty of pumpkin seeds, spinach and beans...."
"Calvin Johnson wins madden cover!!!"
"There a still a few spaces for food vendors or growers at the East Side Green Market for this coming season - get in touch!"
"any idea when you are coming back to FL? Hope that you have a Great weekend!"
"no, but the shivering is evident in the handwriting :-). so great to see you this week."
"Good morning"
"#faggotstatus on the rise wee woo wee woo wee woo"
"I wish I can stay in bed forever"
"Those are pretty sweet kickers too!!"
"yup yup!!! Thanx"
"Needa stay off twitter till I get back to my phone charger"
"i swear you say the stupidest shit"
"Agape2Learn field trip to an Alpaca farm & yarn manufacturer! We LOVE learning!"
"Adobo grill downtown turns the restaurant to a club too!"
"Thinking about you, wishing you the best today! Keep us posted!"
"Yeah right!!"
"I'm in a very good mood"
"Cmon Raiders let's do this!!!!"
"I'm in Tiger Beat magazine. Oh yeah."
"HM... just me or did we need body double for POTUS? Hairy chest yuck"
"by the way, your comment is there, so no worries!"
"Aaron Koppel Quartet is playing a gig Friday December 16th from 7-11p in Calumet City. Bring your instrument and sit in with us."
"The Foundation match will be 7% net after all transaction fees and costs"
"awesome! I think you would like California. You should go there(:"
"dm me where to send beats"
"has our T22 BLINC INTERSTATES IN STOCK!!!"
"the default ones are obviously designed for digress.it. For what other ones can work.. you'll have to experiment. Keep me posted."
"Well just an hour left until my bday is over and no Happy Birthday from you :P"
"I can't stand people that disrespect their parents.."
"The Eaglets are some real classy girls to end up on The Dirty lolol"
"Thx, JenEJ! Already having a ball!"
"me too."
"that was so cute<3 lmao. I'll catch you some other time."
"new vinyl, pt. 2: colosseum, king crimson/lizard DLP, pay the man/crack babies split 10\", this is dancehall, music of mallorca"
"Well, hello You look amazing. The hair is gorgeous!"
"Ha! You should bring it home down Milwaukee Ave. It's like a never-ending driver's ed movie ;-) RT :"
"WOW Jordan 8 miles for a 111 Cupcake! #Impressive I think that sounds like a great commercial :-)"
"I have bones. You have bones. He/she/it has bones... Lol. Sorry. Had to say it. Sure. Bones are fine."
"Haha I'm contemplating. Free angels game or celebrate my homies coming home from AZ. #touchdecision lol"
"let's do it tonight."
"Love SXSW!!! You should come out to Warehouse Live tonight we are bringing the most played artist (18) from SXSW Cody Jasper!"
"you gonna intercept that tornado?"
"truth is i like being single, truth is im lying :("
"Dear paranoid people who check behind their shower curtains for murderers, if u do find one, what's your plan?"
"same thing happened to me about an hour ago...wtf"
"\"Discussion is an exchange of knowledge; argument an exchange of ignorance.\" --Robert Quillen"
"Another day, another Warhol manicure."
"I live love love that movir"
"$DNAD now would be a good time to get in..."
"Haha! Is this a Twilight reference?? RT : That moment when you feel like Jake instead of Edward"
"no do u kno me"
"That is GREAT to hear. RT : #Bears WR Alshon Jeffery says he's at 212 pounds now. Hopes to be between 215-220 playing weight."
"you were one of the best things that ever happend to me."
"final touches on clumps for #OMPF ATL and HOLY CRAP did this take a long time. you'd think this would get easier, but the opposite"
"Thanks for the RT- also a cyclist, beer enthusiast. Happy holidays!"
"i need you here with me now. . ."
"Oh and the cd is a collector's item! There are only 300 in print and the packaging is ecofriendly! So cool! Thanks again to"
"and I couldn't be happier."
"I'm feeling like the fuckin man!!!!"
"Awesome. Danny Granger did, in fact, make the trip!"
"extremity: something that is extreme: the farthest part"
"Thanks for the follow, you have one of the most #powerful streams on"
"i tried that one and it worked so well"
"Thrilled with how the student portfolio review turned out! Thanks to , the reviewers & students for coming out!"
"um, YES! all of them are so sharp and clear!"
"#dsoc #slaleads whoops now is mcgarvey on leadership & commun in time of change. Other is this afternoon."
"At least with the shooting we lost some background characters, today we lost LEXI. This isn't fair."
"really, you don't want to know..."
"Sometimes all i want to do is complain. And i do it, then I'm done. why do i have to bring it up to everyone because its not your business"
"\"We know that love is always shining, so save me love save me all the time.\" ::trevor hall::the lime tree::"
"Love having the Smith Center for the Performing Arts in Vegas! Finally a REAL performance venue!"
"You are fucking horrible."
"Yup, I'll be doing season 3 of BTR. Very excited!"
"This Saturday is the Official Rules to Being Single Book Release Party. Hosted by The Movement #FMA @ Sedona 9pm"
"I thought the #colts 3rd rd pick was questionable until I saw the #Jaguars pick."
"Bet he still humps, humping signals dominance"
"Have to say, as harsh as it sounds, I pretty much only end up on #Facebook long enough to talk TIMKAT projects"
"Congrats to #CDW for winning Americas reseller of the year! #kickoff12 cc"
"LMBO. Point, Girl B."
"Your imagination is your preview to life's coming attractions- Albert Einstein"
"\"Wait, don't go there. That is my no-no square. R-A-P-E! Get that penis out of me!\""
"Callin my phone before 10am will definitely get you popped 👊💢❕"
"Alan was hired at Christopher Newport U to head their digital art program!! yay! My job, tbd... I'll figure something out :)"
"It's Prom Day! Should be a good day...sun's shining...!"
"Oh that's perfect! I can't wait."
"indeed! She left a space for me to write my own fairy story at the back, haha"
"write your username backwards so then they won't have a hard time reading it"
"THOU HAST DM'ED YOU BACK."
"I'm glad you're glad!! :D did you have a good day on my birthday?"
"oh ya know . I got reasons ;)"
"...? If It's what I think it is, I totally blame"
"\"You can't map out a plan for a diverse life\", Mari Kuraishi, co-founder and President, GlobalGiving."
"FOLLOW ME !!!! SECOND DAY ON THE TWITTer"
"I have found that watching my appointment book fill up is actually extremely exciting"
"I had a plan. Im reaching all types of bumps in my road to success. Just as long as get to where I want to be"
"I feel like a shitty boyfriend...."
"It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. -Marianne Williamson"
"I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol like some thinkle peep I am"
"We performed last night at the Denver Aquarium, at a live coral show. I didn't know there were coral geeks out there! Amazing!"
"Off to the zoo. Miss the gorillas."
"How pathetic is failure...beautiful day..No we're not going to enjoy it we're going to attack Belinda Jackson progress..Pathetic"
"Cynthia Rice of : Convened expert clinical panel to provide guidance to #FDA and increased advocacy webinar"
"KATIE! And how do you know that?"
"Excited for this weekend! My pool will finally be in use!"
"Who's out there watching right now?! He's AWESOME!"
"I'm going to miss Roth, Pritchard, and Verdell."
"Yes! New Reno visitor center on Sierra St. RT : Friday may 11th from 5~8 we will be hosting a grand opening reception, open to all."
"I'm off to yoga! Lol wish me luck!"
"AND DAVID RULE!! Thanks for the ride!!"
"I left my work badge somewhere, it has my name on it. Pretty sure anyway."
"RT : i will not go to bed til at least 9. i will not go to bed til at least 9. i will not go to bed til at least 9."
"Thanks, Heather RT"
"likewise - and I vote for cookies"
"hello MKE! henry rollins! chuck prophet! Three Brothers Serb restaurant! and that yummy taco place just south of the city."
"OH MAN... you may have some people tracking you down."
"That awkward moment when people are in your parking spot in front of the store because they didn't know it was yours"
"Haha! That, they did. They sure did."
"Yes. Yes indeed. Get it #Patriots! RT : Rob Gronkowski is a MAN."
"You are on fire, so inspiring to read!"
"I'm going to play the \"can I get a run in before it rains\" game"
"You damn right I bought this juice box at Starbucks."
"right on! thanks, see ya next time."
"did I just get an exclusive #ff ? Omg!"
"2 be wrong is nothing unless you continue 2 remember it.."
"He makes a team want to rise up..even if Pau was the one who really brought the most...and Blake was awesome..."
"Agnostic historian says Jesus did exist"
"There so much to do I don't know where to start, so I wont lol"
"if my video isn't chosen 4 #loyalsaturday i want to know how much my believe stone i handed u at the show meant to you?"
"Adventure Theatre is seeking capable after-school elementary theatre educators to teach creative drama class sections for children in grade…"
"RT : April 26, 1865 – Union cavalry troopers corner and kill John Wilkes Booth, assassin of President Lincoln, in VA."
"Your mom is so sweet! AND-- I love her doggies :-)"
"God luck to , wish I could be there! :/"
"He was the 2nd one to perform, it already happened."
"RT : If you're 21+ and still with your parents LUCKY YOU, stack that bread"
"RT : “It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.” ~ Lena Horne RIP Lena!"
"RT : A Debate on University Tenure: What would happen if tenure were eliminated from public research universities?..."
"The shop n save in stl ran out of lettuce........im actually shocked😱😱😱"
"Python, with \"True=False\" legal in 2.x, is \"grown up\" but Ruby is worth leaving over shell scripting shortcuts? o rly."
"Did you hear? Mitt Romney doesn't like store-bought cookies. So much for his stance on the free market system."
"our Governor Jan Brewer"
"Going to another party tonight 😉 damn bro im on a fcknn roll lol"
"“: Get off of Twitter and go stretch. #cheerstruggles” me right now"
"I love ! I also LOVE ! But, it's kinda strange how much Maria resembles ;) He likes his older ladies"
"Indeed it will. I am truly honored to be able to send this message to the man, the legend, the founder. Best wishes to you sir."
"MAKE ME A SANDWICH WOMAN!>:O"
"who knows its all guessing at this point"
"Bummed that I can't go to teen hoot to meet :( hopefully there will be other opportunities to meet him soon!"
"no real stress lately, how have you been"
"Happy Birthday and congrats!!"
"If you feel bad for Colt McCoy and you didn't feel bad for Brady Quinn, you're crazy."
"You plan ahead so well :-)"
"what are you up to?"
"Good morning Monday!"
"LOL..I CALL MY MAMA ALL DA TIME..CERTIFIED MAMA'S BOY..IS TUES. \"TWEET\" DAY?..F/S.."
"No more shitty reception"
"Organic, gluten-free, and sugar-free muffin mixes coming soon from Sweet Debbbie's!"
"Keepitquerque has two major goals for 2012. The first is to help each of our members make money as a result of their membership that far..."
"Started new painting, Home Is Where You Are. Colorful house-disjointed levels held by rivets rolling down street on worn wheels, like life."
"Wish you would educate Americans about miltary health care system aka Tricare. From Active Duty to Retired it's abysmal."
"Hi there lady!! I hope you aren't melting in the oven that is Chicago! <3"
"Excellence is the character I strive for!"
"Thanks for the RT!!!"
"Second fantasy football draft of the year...looking forward to Arian Foster at the #5 pick"
"Follow me! is a Sexy account related to Watch porn online!;)"
"et al, Anyone ever come up with a way to do a responsive email template?"
"Money talks alright but all it ever says to me is good bye."
"Everybody is beautiful and cool regardless of looks, race, weight, sexual orientation, gender, etc! Dont ever let anyone tell you otherwise."
"Just had a great breakfast at Bloom cafe. I'm so full now!"
"California has issued at least 6 drivers licenses to people named Jesus Christ"
"Is there anything happening near Chicago?"
"Yes sir! Hopefully kix in quick it will be a busy day since we have a short holiday week. Be well, do good, peace"
"how's the force?"
"Would have only had one #spoileralert otherwise."
"When I was a kid the TV show 'Charles in Charge' may as well have been called 'I Hope Chachi Takes His Shirt Off This Episode'."
"So true"
"In school using phone"
"I love you on Bob & Tom! Ever come to Wisconsin for shows?"
"Tell Liz to participate in #bowday shed look so cute ^~^."
"Innovation, gov and education together Luv it! RT Duncan: Dept of Ed wants to become a dept of innovation."
"Make sure you use the symbol when you direct a message towards someone"
"Group text is never the best way to arrange a time to meet between 7 college students."
"Still sleepy from going to bed at 3am(:"
"Doing wires right now to support a designer on a simple CMS site. Would be different if I was solo."
"So, uh, where's that new #MacPro?"
"amazing show last night in SF! They are more dynamic than any rock band I've EVER SEEN."
"Go Giants!!!"
"Hey! Thanks for the follow! Tally Bound right?"
"I keep thinking of things like \"Mannibble\" and \"Beloved,\" because I go for \"My young man.\" BUT WE WILL GET THERE"
"Hey... Sent you a DM. Ttyl"
"Glad to see reality hit Facebook in the face. Now, let's get real about Apple folks. Glad it's up 2day but last month = brutal."
"okay thanks!!"
"I z-snapped tonight and it was not in jest."
"RT Heading in, will be back out tonight in Elk Grove with a few other trucks at 7915 Laguna Blvd starting around 5:30"
"#celtics didn't close out, #lakers ain't doing as expected and w/ this food I caught the #itis .... I'm calling it one"
"Hope you're still close to !!!"
"We fixed the graphic on our blog post yesterday and updated his post as well. Good eyes on your part, thanks!"
"Am I the only human that has separation anxiety every time my dog goes to the vet?"
"Glad to help Chris. Looking forward to seeing the spot on your website. :-)"
"Ben Aflac it was nominated for all types of awards 2yrs ago."
"Thanks Man! Put those little dudes to work."
"Did you know we offer free shipping on all orders of $50 or more ALL YEAR LONG? Simply enter SHIPFREEUS or CADFREESHIP @ checkout."
"Main Be Working So Hard I Forgot To Eat! Find some grub asap! Main these NY cab fares aint no joke!"
"My mom just watched your ustream with me and she thought you were adorable:)"
"good evening Simon? How was your day?"
"#FEDUP Comparing Annual Deficit w/DEBT like comparing Total Mortgage owed verses Annual Mortgage payments - SILLY - Apples & Oranges."
"What is your Facebook Landing Page URL? RT FB: Twelve Restuarant and Lounge"
"#tinafey looking hot on the"
"Whoa Whoa, when I went home and let you know, you were already at home as well. You were a no show."
"Thanks. Ya, the Maharaja beer is pretty tastey!"
"Off to two hours of Wushu class!"
"There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved. It is God's finger on man's shoulder."
"Enjoy!!! A very happy Valentine's Day to the entire crew."
"I hope when oprah gets her exclusive with OJ she asks him why he was driving such a bootleg car like a bronco"
"great presentation! thnx for the pie charts & cookies!"
"aye are you guys going to the party?(;"
"Good morning friends!"
"ONE people follow me please.. Go3xx Just 1 people.. Swag im checking.. :)"
"Wow, didn't expect that, Don."
"Where's my follow big guy? No love for some Chalk Talk?"
"Bad Grades Ain't Cute ."
"#whenblackpeoplegetpaid they go pay the rent on their rims!"
"Get to the foul line to slow down a fast break team."
"Update date :-) :-) :-) :-) who thinks snooki is preeggers I do"
"Vincent Castronovo Is The Meaning of H.o.t"
"apologies for the delayed response! yes we do sell packager separately. did you have any other questions about it?"
"There are times when two people need to step apart from one another or break up, but there is no rule that says they have to turn and fire"
"RT \"Burning bridges\" is normally a bad thing, but if it's a bridge that enables you to access sin easier, BURN IT! -Rom 13:14"
"ohh mkaaay , ah well good luck finishing , I'm on page 9 :("
"Dear Joseph Kristapher Johnson, i love you with all my heart and soul. Always, Cheyanne Brooke Nester HateLies<3Trust"
"Congrats!!! RT : It's our 5th year anniversary today! We have big plans for the next 5 years, stay tuned!"
"I need someone to hand out some fliers for me this evening for my show...$60 plus drinks...anyone interested or know someone who is??"
"is tomorrow. Kickoff tonight, ready to get my network and inspiration on!"
"Life is much easier when it's broken down into exp. points"
"Ghirardelli chocolate ice cream , I just died"
"Can’t believe I still got that hat… umm"
"me too. I loved mediafire. :("
"Don't like working out... Go #dancing!"
"great work at #cxnats adam, when they bring nationals to austin you can smoosh them in my backyard!"
"64 Degrees in The Lou!!!"
"life for me isnt the same"
"Amen to that! RT : For #MothersDay our cats treated us to indifference and a hairball. This is 365 day holiday to felines."
"Ya me 2"
"Get ready for a heaping helping of his lord and savior"
"Good presentation RT : Listening to Steve Fehr, other seasoned advocates advise on crisis management"
"A/B experiment? RT using this title? \"Those who make peaceful revolution impossible, make violent revolution inevitable.\""
"Finally got my oovoo working:-) .. lol"
"Hey N.C. suck me and then go outlaw yourself"
"thank u! Have a great day as well!"
"Go! Baby Go!"
"You remember our Lou Gehrig. When he was stricken and could not play [baseball], I appointed him a Commissioner on the Parole Board. [1945]"
"Chillin in the house...kicked it with ma krown record familia toro and osito had a great time"
"good. And why not?"
"Hey homegirl... please hit me back or DM me... really would like discuss casting you for our project we film in May. TY :)"
"will do thx my brother"
"never read the comments after midnight!!"
"Good morning!"
"Right on! Go Predators then!"
"I just walked a plank and then went through a tent to get to school."
"want to go for a walk?"
"St. Louis did its parade...HUGE! NFL comes first."
"you need to add the \"freddy sanchez uggo face\" to your list. He is ugly."
"oh, you won #ispy... Admiration."
"Let me know if I can help, I have ladders and I'm pretty handy."
"Knicks lead the pursuit of Tyson Chandler? I do not think this guy is worth $14 mill a year and the Knicks should beware."
"Can you imagine the #coolkidstable in Chicago? Mind-boggling."
"I really think we got a shot."
"I, I want to be, every little thing that want, that you need, that breathe -"
"RT : Pleasure is always derived from something outside you, whereas joy arises from within"
"RT House music is my drug"
"Border Fence Part of Larger Solution"
"Nyquill is hitting me like a truck. Z....."
"I give up"
"hahaha ok u the phenom tho"
"Really wants to get focus group together for #Baltimore scholarship program, need ideas from leaders in all walks of life, plz msg! Anyone?"
"yes yes and yes! Can't wait to meet in person Rebecca!!"
"The smell of Rice Crispy cereal is in the air on Cuesta Arriba Ct."
"and michael you would fall and turn the white snow red as strawberries in the summertime~"
"Thinking about wearing full '08-'09 travel suit to all my final exams"
"“: Bears acquire Marshall to most likely find some way to hinder his talent. It's what that team does. >Couldn't agree more!!"
"I said I was interested in teaching yoga to veterans. Then I was invited to observe a veteran's support group. I heard stories I can't tell"
"YOLNT... if you're a cat."
"well then ill take you out and eat , mcdonalds ? (:"
"Sir Charles has ALWAYS been clueless...what else is new? LOL"
"Some really hardcore drinks there."
"#Cubs manager Dale Sveum hinted at a possible closer change after Carlos Marmol's meltdown"
"No worries, Bailey. Everything is looking good on our end. These are stressful times but take a deep breath and let's"
"That's understandable. And I'm not going to lie, I'm pretty nervous. Go Pack Go!!"
"Go out to broomstock today to support our bros and some of us will be there!"
"Well that is crap. Get Eric Guerra to have a fundraiser for your pool. He's good at that!"
"M.. it felt really good to relax and do absolutely nothing tonight :)"
"...i'll make it to the moon if i have to crawl... <3"
"Harry Shum searching for \"Hotels in San Francisco\" retrieves his Friends and other People relevant to his query in Sidebar"
"Texas TOMORROW!! Then get to see Wednesday."
"Looking for a Thai recipe to cook salmon curry dish, got suggestions?"
"noo Starbucks will make us fat! And fuck your tire I'm sorry I couldn't fix it :("
"mybad i should have said bye but yall was no where around"
"I would guess it made me more sympathetic toward the parents in Tweak, more aware of the family complexities"
"i really miss hunting for eggs.. lol"
"i was JUST about to post a pic of my pizza! hahaha shit :/"
"Vince Young to the Eagles? He handled the Nash press and fans so well I'm sure Philly will b a breeze for him!"
"Fuck that new girl that you like so bad . She's not crazy like me I bet you Like that."
"thank you so much for the kind words!"
"Great day of lacrosse out at Hillsboro Stadium, the rain held off and got some great experience for some new officials!"
"Nevermind, movies on friday."
"I was thinking bout doing muay Thai but i wwasn't sure if it would be worth the money to train somewhere shits exspensive"
"never!!! Not in a million years, you will never be replaced!!! Always and forever you will be my twin!!!"
"grazie. sounds cool."
"What's your passion? Mine are my kids and my writing!"
"Going to the Pixies at Bricktown tonight? Nothing goes better with the Pixies than our pizza beforehand. It's scientifically proven!"
"Thanks We will definitely keep you posted here on Twitter as we wrap up fabrication and head out into the city. Cheers!"
"RT : #HTC blitzing One launches at multiple carriers. Will this halo product get them back in the game? BTW, what Sense version..."
"_+!|!! VIPS GOING FAST FOR SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...NEED ONE?? THEN TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM"
"happy fathers day to mr. simpson :)<3"
"is hanging with 14th & U Noon-2 this afternoon. Come say hi!"
"shoes and clothes all over my room -.-"
"Last 18 hrs: met girl just out of juv hall, learned about health of Chula Vista kids, story abt refugee headed to Stanford. Work is fun."
"Great connection group tonight!"
"i hate my life right now,first,i feel like im losing my boyfriend and then i feel like hated </3"
"\"thank you my mighty steed\" - talking to his car"
"resting today for my time trial tomorrow!"
"We play it at Harry Potter conventions. They, I mean. They play it. : Have you seen the Quidditch rec groups?"
"so happy for you brother. Congratulations!"
"LOL. “: almost drowned in that pussy so i swam to the dog”"
"I know this girl that fucked the whole city."
"Unbearable! Did God create those or the devil? (Smile) At least they remind you that you're alive still. LOL ."
"Oh, that's a good point. Those electives in American universities have to be paid back in time costs."
"I'm tired of struggling constantly. All worry, no fun. Think I may sell everything and become a pro housesitter!! I'd write songs all day."
"thanks for retweeting us, all!"
"Finally a new icon (;"
"Oh no! BF3 disc got effed up as well? I'd report these to MS."
"Bae need to wash my car..he trippn"
"Winston-Salem public safety committee agrees to allow outdoor drinking and dining at downtown restaurants."
"they've been inconsistant all season, I was hopin' you could tell me?! 0:-)"
"sound like you dodged a bullet - imagine not have a practice session and being live! Heart attack time."
"Hope we discuss environmental consequences of reuse vs. demolition."
"I really want to move out to the bay already."
"I thought I was following you 😳"
"Benoit has as amazing sense of humor, you can poke him. He'll just laugh, trust me ;)"
"TR Mentors, catch up with mentees at monthly meetings. Next meeting: April 4th, 7pm at 3708 W Roosevelt"
"I'm really looking for an excuse to order Bazbeaux pizza tonight. Someone come over and join me!"
"Keep it up Governor!!"
"Crazy NIght At School Some People Are Just Ridiculous!!!"
"Time to hit the GYM!"
"steak* silly high schoolers..."
"Seems you and I had the same day? RT : I'm glad I'm home. Because my patience for people has run out for today. Try again tomorrow."
"Looking for jewelry designers interested in upcoming photo shoot! DM me for more information. -Merci"
"Wishing the smartest high school girl I know good luck on her exams"
"Thanks for the follow"
"have the opening theme music sound more like the original from the 1960's."
"I am down whenever. But I am busy hosting jams until Monday."
"hidden valley dress code logic <<<<"
"#FF , , and for all the best #Shakespeare news and #LAThtr happenings."
"man you know you gotta get residency to get real bread. Fam, think about your future, go over there and handle yours."
"Only my dad and cousins would be talking about the asshole test at dinner -_-"
"Reading Tip: If you buy a book solely on the cover design, you do know the illustrator and writer usually don’t know each other, right?"
"sounds bueno to me! I have a salad in the fridge anyway"
"If people don't talk about you behind their back, do they really care about you?"
"What is people"
"Could it become your dissertation? 2 birds, one stone, all that."
"Adobe should simplify product line to 4 products: Adobe Design, Adobe Dev, Adobe Motion, Adobe Sound. (via )"
"yes sir [ASTR]"
"just applied for a CSS position and am currently manning the circ desk at Pretty good day thus far."
"the package has been delivered"
"When one cup of coffee won't cut it, drink another."
"Thx ..ill be at #thebox sat n sun! RT : At the game keeping 's seat warm for him"
"Can not believe the #Duke comeback. Need to remember this come March Madness time."
"sup twitter and ya boy to skype for live artist feed. skype id: jamalballard"
"Very glad the picture was a rainbow...not a choked up cheezeit."
"How did you like last night's episode of #MadMen? Megan's mom is a ho!"
"From a CR listener: \"Awesome music selections; great job! I have a special needs daughter that loves it, also. :-) Many thanks!\" Nice, huh?"
"Put clothes on idiot"
"Thanks for the retweet - greatly appreciated! Ilene"
"Who is Milwaukee's long term solution at 1B? Ishikawa? Hart? What's John Jaha up to these days?"
"i want your chicago bulls thing you have on in your twitcon ! :D"
"In lieu of notable, she is notorious. You catch more flies with honey."
"It amazes me how many kids are allowed to run screaming down the hotel hallway. Or even how many adults yell to each other for that matter."
"They pass judgment when they see me not knowing my talent will inspire many ... Not knowing I am what was what is and what will be.. I'm ME"
"Flash: Obama mannequin hung from noose in NYC. A mannequin resembling Romney allows him to be in two places at one time and no one notices."
"Seriously I bawled. I mean I hate to say it, but I bet that dog doesn't live long. His love and loyalty is amazing!!!"
"first ebay caching successful."
"Milk makes me go sleepy"
"I once got mistaken for a man twice the same day, and I was wearing jeans & a tank swimsuit. I have witnesses to this."
"One month!"
"....Hey Prego!! What's in there?..lol"
"Wayzata's red trolley won't be rolling through town this summer. Why its going away after 20 years in a live report on KSTP at 5."
"hurray! but, the link isn't working!"
"I'm not sure what his definition of Texas style is exactly. Can you give me more?"
"So sorry, Linda."
"Oh that's fine than :) Just tweet me when you get off than"
"What say the people: Should I dress up and go to a Halloween Party tonight? And if so, as what?"
"I wonder if you ever miss me being around"
"thx for followin! keep in touch"
"if yo' arms are sore you should get a snuggie like my Justin Bieber one!:)"
"uh yeah wah iz dat supposed to mean you don't believe me? And thanxxx for making me look dumb foo!!!! Lol"
"sounds like a plan"
"maybe because straw polls are a fruitless waste of time. Just like party endorsements!"
"I will definitely need to know the details on your garage sale!"
"welcome #happybirthdayjboogz. I'm putting in everything I have to say haha"
"Interesting. Magic Johnson says Mike Brown to be fired if Lakers lose tonight. Jeanie Buss says Phil Jackson wants to coach again....."
"The Skywalk at Shiodome in Tokyo is awesome! - futuristic - what the Highline wants to be"
"War has made me very PARANOID! and when you get to eye-balling me, makes my Agent Orange act up, makes me want to KILL!"
"Oh my. Kanye is here for"
"Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind ~Dale Carnegie"
"White people who have dreadlocks should get the same sentence in prison as those who are caught human trafficking."
"do it"
"At the swap meet on Cinco De Mayo dressed like a full blown white girl. Lets see how this goes!"
"The boss joins twitter RT : finally joining twitterverse...how soon til i regret this?"
"RT!!! “: I think I'm afraid to be happy. Because whenever I get too happy, something bad always happens.”"
": Thank you so much for allowing me to see a part of your world. May god continue to bless you and your family."
"We're looking for some help manning our booth at coffeefest - do you know anyone looking for a little work?"
"haha! Btw, will you and be at Kings game tomm night? I'm going with Must see my fav sisters!"
"Working on my essays. With the books, papers, and notes strewn around me my room is beginning to look like a scene from A Beautiful Mind"
"kinda slow actually (that's km not miles), but thx anywho"
"Um you have to do it exactly right."
"It is sunny and I'm feeling good in south florida!"
"follow me. I'm following you"
"Looking for a great Internship for the summer? Apply online today or give us a call for details!"
"how was SXSW?"
"Champagne, easy mac, & stepbrothers.."
"the Hongs on Daily Candy Miami today!....thats sweet ..LOL"
"that's funny! Id just rather not get ran off the road into someone's yard!"
"I hate being at work for this long!!!"
"At Chick Fil A with Evander Holyfield. No big deal."
"That moment you wake up, don't know where you are, and then realize youre in California"
"#ItGetsMeMadWhen things does not go the way I want"
"RT : RT : Easy Street is giving away a free pair of front row seats to see us open for Robert Cray Saturday:..."
"Let's Go Ducks!!! I'll be cheering you on to victory against Auburn...you can do it!!!"
"can't dm if not following ..."
"Loved it, by the way. Loved. I'm still singing it!"
"$59 for 10-Class Drop-In Card ($150 Value) from Sun Moon Yoga"
"You know it! Fuel of the gods!"
"me to!! I understand completely Jacobb"
"Fold my clothes and tidy up my room. It's not messy by any means, I just would like some detailing done."
"haha your welcome and yeah i am haha where are you from?:)"
"Fuck Wit Me Like Ya Stuck Wit Me"
"Morning Ladies! Knock their socks off Will be Peekn when can!"
"Anybody else get miffed when the server rounds your change DOWN instead of UP and shortchanges you?"
"Honey Smacks and Ben 10!"
"\"Nerdcore Rising.\" It was really good."
"i heard that, when you coming thru for you annual check in"
"RT : Plan Ahead for a 1031 Exchange. Call us, we have experts that can help you plan."
"what u gonna call it?"
"new email!!!! ask if you need it :) ciao xx"
"Thanks! I'm glad that folks have listened to that one. It was an early effort but a ton of fun."
"- So you don't talk to girls in real life, but you tweet with them all the time."
"Ryan Braun.... smashing! Wow"
"Thanks new Followrs! I followed back. I have a big weekend planned! Eat, Sleep, Poop, Eat, Sleep, more pooping, maybe a hairball. xoxoxo"
"Even in death, Farrah and Michael will remain bigger than life. All of our thoughts go out to the families."
"C should not downsize. I am adamantly opposed to that. FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair needs to resign."
"when i'm in the worst mood ever*, mac miller makes it all better. c:"
"I hate people!!"
"#2011icf ...looking forward to meeting you all! Just hit the Exhibitor Hall and am hoping the raffle fairy treats me well!"
"RT : #JerseyShore invades #Vegas tonight! will be #FistPumping inside !"
"What time Friday?? What you mean get better?"
"I wish I knew how to whistle!"
"We are now tweeting information on , the California Cancer Research Act, in Spanish. Give us a shout-out if you find it helpful!"
"How late are y'all staying?"
"Most people struggle with life balance simply because they haven't paid the price to conclude what is really significant to them."
"how does the uniform fit?"
"oH, you like white hot bursts?"
"Grab ya dog and tell em fuck it go all or nothin. Tear da roof up off this muhfucka."
"Somewhere in the depths of my brain there's a version control system called \"cvsvn,\" and I keep on trying to invoke it on the CLI."
"I wanna b a billionarie so bad"
"\"Luv is the medicine\" from 177, 325 is a positive reach soFar in2Days! By the way, just got a good buzz, MTV or Billboard soon..."
"Twin! How are you?"
"Our last dinner in SF...Tear!"
"I think you're wrong sister. lol"
"Just got home had so much fun at the concert.. Loved seeing Jasmine, Justin, and Jaden.. you guys rocked!!!"
"I just Wanna feel okay again!"
"The new menu will be launched the beginning of next month"
"Participant at conference: Bill Kovarik from #Radford University at #Virginia Tech"
"I was naughty today so I grounded myself... lol I was so Bad .. this girl asked if i wanted to get Lesafied I said HELL NO!"
"Love is metaphysical gravity. ~ R. Buckminster Fuller"
"FW division is pretty stacked... looking really good...and I think is prob top 3 in the world"
"I'm living proof, broken and defeated. I'm a shattered youth and no one can believe it."
"AMAZE BALLS!!!!!! Absolutely love it!"
"I was raised right. I talk about people behind their backs. It's called manners."
"The stuff we do for the people we love.."
"the boys at my tuition centre kept on throwing things at me. I was like fucking annoyed and angry."
"I need to live in a city with less to do. Three nights in a row out on the town is definitely going to affect my job performance tomorrow."
"Don't battle with your child about food. Instead, commit to basic healthy ground rules and stick to them calmly & consistently."
"im such a stalker"
"Missing the Go!!!¡¡¡ Right now"
"HIMYM while I wait for to love me.. 😒"
"yes I think that is right. Could complement Bb"
"she always used to say 'i'm gonna kick you. through the goal posts of life!' in her class!"
"Let it be known that i think \"The Big Lebowski\" and \"Fight Club\" are the best two movies of my time and bathe ever."
"dang I missed it lol"
"Going to Esperanza's"
"all of it."
"It wasn't pretty but it was 11 miles."
"Baltimore won"
"That is quite possibly the best thing ever."
"But that's still freaking cool . Was it like a shoutout?"
"I don't think there are enough shit teams in cricket to fill every weekend with two of them."
"Winter Saturday. Cooking today from Barbara Kafka's \"Soup: A Way of Life\". Should I make the Curried Carrot Soup or the Five-Spice Parsnip?"
"Thanks! You know where to find our work! RT : I support the"
"Thanks so much for the mention...Happy Cooking !"
"Not going to talk about my Loofah soaps,..NOPE! \"ok \"ok \"just a little \"OMG,..COME PEEK!! \"You won't be disappointed! So many yummy Scents"
"got u"
"Wishing I was in 3 feet of Powder, anywhere out west! We need snow here in NYC! Go to www.ny-oc.com and like our page on FB! Thanks"
"love Dallas"
"Every time you talk, I love everything you say."
"we love ! i graduated from There!!"
"I think I scare most men. Im not complaining... most men annoy me :)"
"Where did I buy the tickets for this ride, and where do I get off at... I'm just saying."
"Own this day."
"Stay strong #OccupySeattle and"
"Very good news. By the way both test for my prostate cancer came back negative so now we can treat it. Look forward to meet you."
"I'm done worrying about what I can't change. Only God can do that! My focus is what I can change in regards to myself!"
"cried her eyes out watching the final episode ... What a clifhanger... :("
"“: You know whose Behind The Music I'll be most amped up to see... Kanye, duh.”>>>omg yes!"
"plot twist harry is actually 50 years old, that's why he likes grandmas"
"It's Friday and I'm going to #VEGAS right after work!! Going to be a great day."
": Ya doing the one called \"Glitz and Glam\" by"
"Ppl that are genuinely nice are very rare esp in this concrete jungle called NYC"
"My only regret is not personally knowing Otto Porter."
"\"let me shine, shine like the moon, a reflection of You in all that I do ...\""
"Finally going home after a long day!"
"Thats everyday on my JOB. I'm thier Best Friend Till I get them OUT. Then It's FU"
"Live twitter reviews by from Sideshow Fringe Fest's #cafftheatre - this is happening!"
"wallace: \"why do polls show the public HATES your ideas?\" cantor: \"because uhm dems are bad.\" (well played, you fucking idiot.)"
"think of it as double the fun. Milwaukee beer week was rough on my liver."
"Why have I never heard the song \"Take My Hand\" by The Cab feat. before now?"
"The Heat without Bosh are still the Heat. Shows his worth, doesnt it?"
"EVERYONE! Please come out to Waid's Restaurant on 12th tonight for the RENT PARTY to save High and Low Studio. 8pm to 2am."
"Hey You! What are your plans today? ;)"
"Nm working my ass off"
"Dance around a magical couch. RT WWJD (what would Jamiroquai do?)"
"Sounds good. See you then!"
"I'm might have to get SF vs Tekken now."
"Because the best way to spend a Saturday after is reading a book about pathology and toxicology"
"Thanks for the Lean Challenge support. Proud to be a New Mexico startup!"
"GOD I KNOW"
"Well i had higher expectations for tonight .."
".thebullyproject.com fantastic! Shld b required viewing & orientation @ all schls"
"I'm still I'm love with you"
"thank you :)"
"UPDATE: $44,000 raised today for the Bald Faced Truth Foundation. Thanks to all who bid, donated and give so much of their time for kids!"
"Grant lookin tough"
"I mad"
"Petco Park's Lucky's Lunch Counter (Ty Hauter) opens in Culy Warehouse featuring old-timey fare & new-fangled tastes."
"Today with my baby >>>"
"Already solidified their spot in a mediocre bowl...guess the Hokies needed one more night to join them?"
"Copley. And no worries, my huevos chorizo burrito made up for it! :)"
"Fabulous, will have to take a look tmrw."
"this is my official marrige proposal . so here it goes...Will You Marry Me Austin ? <3"
"my #oscars interest is waining. hard."
"HOPE EVERYONE HAD A SAFE AND HAPPY HALLOWEEN!"
"Sadly no-Injured & bikeless"
"Bruins wining= happy me :)"
"#Lohse pitched a great game. it'll be nice to see those rings once they come back to St. Louis"
"Difficult this one: people asked me not to be too depressing--but things are very bad. P'haps went too far?"
"Pola'n'Stuff: Polaroid of the Day - 22"
"Power out. (Cell still working.) Stay safe everyone."
"\"Firefly Lane\" great read and page turner! Perfect thing for this rainy day!"
"#TeamFollowBack I follow back! I will not unfollow you(:"
"I'm a little bitter but a little hopeful at the same time?!?!??."
"i am hilarious"
"Figured as much, likd Mandalay last yr, but was much cheaper too! At lst I can hang in NetVet Lounge this yr :)"
"Awkward moment when grabs your boobs"
"Just checked out your blog and I am LOVING it :)"
"Have a great #weekend, everyone!"
"Is she even a woman? : But Michelle Bachmann says the GOP is extremely \"pro-women.\" Is she misinformed??"
"You all need to make your way to Hawaii to visit me. I'm on an island full of men."
"“Faith makes: The uplook good, the outlook bright, the future glorious.”"
"just research man!"
"RADAR's gonna get on that! Thanks for the tip!"
"Can you guys please stop sending my stuff telling me how to get better in bed! im i know im great in bed ask ;'], lol"
"can I get a preview of the Believe CD, I'm curious of how it turned out. Just for my personal review 😊"
"incidentally got a call from rcn trying to keep us. Too late for us but told him a neighbor thinking of switching..."
"Made ur recipe for pancetta wrapped pork loin yesterday... Awesome!"
"All just happen to be wearing #darkbluejeans aswell as all holding there iphones"
"they have an ointment for that"
"Coming on Twitter just to announce recent developments in my career might come off the wrong way...so this'll be \"job accomplishment\" tweet."
"“You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.” –A.A. Milne"
"I saw it!"
"SEO tip of the day. While alt tagging photos, don't forget videos as well."
"crazy story that would have not been believable 2 weeks ago"
"You lie to me so sweet."
"This weather>>>>"
"\"Always do what your afraid to do!\" Without taking chances, you'll never know what you can accomplish."
"Nice seats, have fun!"
"so I found my lion under the tree on xmas morning: \"Jenny! You're HERE!\" I already knew the name because I'd been waiting..."
"If the 99% ran the show, the show would be similar to what we see today!"
"researching neighborhood alert systems, and finally looking through code!"
"#YouShouldNever say never ;)"
"Sugar sugar how'd you get so fly?"
"Monday = FREE Appetizer Buffet at Blackthorn! From 4-6pm, stop in for pint of Guinness and some of our complimentary homemade appetizers!"
"80s electronics somehow/sometimes retain a retro coolness, but 80s sax — pure cheese"
"well good morn"
"aw I miss you guys too been in sf too long. I get back this weekend. Is there an Easter dance?"
"Easy girls <<"
"damn my bad cuz, I got you"
"great minds think alike! but seriously.. that would blow"
"thank you, so glad its over though!!"
"RT “Keep smiling, it makes people wonder what you’re up to.”"
"Morning, glad I'm not driving downtown today."
"So pretty."
"fundraising is the bane of my existence!"
"Jobob and the Jobobettes! I'll be Jobob, you guys can be the Jobobettes! :-P"
"well I am very much involved in a relationship, for 2 yrs now spoon we'll just be tweet buddies :-)"
"Tonight is the night !!! Make sure you get your ass to amped tonight sand show ur live fir Die as you fall!!!"
"I mean, I don't WANT to be a bad guy. Sometimes I have to for others to look good..."
"Always fucking use my shit , my products , my utensils ! I dont fuckinh have shit left !"
"(Sings)There's no business like show business like no business I know!"
"No nail biting as polishes boom"
"I got tats up on my arm cause this shit is life."
"good morning charlie and heather happy thursday"
"so now what"
"I love you too baby! :-*"
"That looks amazing!"
"SON OF A BITCH!"
"ssetting up his fantasy baseball games on baseballfannation.com"
"will come up short< and the Rangers will like like they deserve to."
"Bitches ain't serious, all these bitches delirious"
"Yeah I did"
"gotta listen to what speaks to you the best! forget labels. Haha"
"Pauls Club is currently accepting customers just so you know"
"I don't care what the critics say. I'm looking forward to seeing Dark Shadows."
"when did putting any effort become such a hassle"
"WE HAVE THE RIGHT TO CEL-E-BRATE ADAM'S LIFE! Nestor and Ice-Tea talking about the BEASTIE BOYS and the movie on THE BREAKS ;-)"
"Um no ! And last time i checked he isnt little :D xD"
"alt+cmd+lgroup arrow - expand/collapse all layers including nested ones. cmd+lgroup arrow: expand top-level groups."
"Good Morning! Get moving! Stretch, Yoga or a good sweaty workout to start the day will improve your mindset & productivity all day long!"
"Tonight!! at !! 8pm and 10pm. Hit me up if u want FREE TICKETS!!"
"Show the girls!"
"I got a gary fisher rail"
"Just finished my last final of my last class of my last year of college. Now what?"
"teleport to me"
"perry jones is straight balling now #sicem time for a tourny run"
"Thanks Dee! You are \"this is\" my 1st Tweet ever. A Veryy Happy Thankgiving to you and the Fam! <3"
"in this world you can't respect nobody who dont respect you str8-up"
"This is exactly why I stopped using Spotify. The ad volume level was always off, deafening me and/or coworkers"
"For this #followfriday I'd like to highlight - executive director of the San Diego Green Building Council, and a great guy"
"My son is an arrogant little fuck and my daughter is turning into a whore. I don't have kids but like safe sex I'm just practicing."
".. um yea .. last time y'all tweeted was decembah of eleven !!?!! lolol .."
"#10FactsAboutMe 8.) I dont think the word \"sexy\" is a compliment, i find it be very forward. Just call me \"beautiful\" its much more sweet =)"
"\": The Bone Collector #describeyourvaginawithamovie\""
"You mean you don't give all your possessions to new tenants when you move? That's weird!"
"#HowToMakeItInAmerica Get into Harvard, steal your classmates best idea, drop out."
"Everyone read last tweets lol"
"Have you tried BIG RED'S STEAKS??? Best philly cheese steaks in Madison!! Order through S2YD.com and get FREE fries w/ any sandwhich"
"Aww thank you! :)"
"no surprise... wins Best Overall Site at #mw2012 Huge congrats and well-deserved!!"
"That \"Breeze\" just blew in.... Name it, Claim it... and grab a pen...!"
"Off to bed. Getting ready for a Sunday on Good Morning San Diego. Join us at 6am - 10am!"
"i need to expand my milwaukee horizons to #riverwest. can you help with suggestions? perhaps a tour?"
"Oh wow, that does sound like a great evening! RT : Started with an Indochine, finished with Kelly's Sgt. Pepper. So good!"
"happy birthday!!"
"FYI Revenge is one of my fav shows and you're ridiculously good on it!"
"Your words hurt, you know."
"I leave in the desert where u girls @"
"Thor Hansen has started his treatment in Norway. He is getting the exact same treatment as his doctor recommended here in the US."
"It was pretty chaotic after the ceremony, especially next to the bar. No worries!"
"I am just saying, make it harder for guys and they come running."
"def not winning"
"YAY! that works :)"
"It's delightful when work luncheons feature delicious vegetarian food, thanks, work peeps. Also, desserts, omg sugar crash, here I come."
"I'm praying school will be cancelled tomorrow due to some freak accident."
"CFA fighters please tag us with pictures of your workouts or tweet us we want to show our fans how u guys are gearing up for CFA7"
"the gas chamber of a kill sheltet & flew 18 month old Beagle up to NJ who was adopted by Joe & Geralyn Dwyer. It's outlawed in 19 states now"
"via lactea-zoe"
"Got to see the final product of my portrait last night at an #art show; was bittersweet as I said bye to lots of family before heading West."
"You know you do good work when ppl seek you!"
"job hunt went well tbc 2mro old bait tried txt me with lies told him bout himself in a lady like manner snake bites been texting me all day"
"dido, except you are a dude."
"Setting my sites on ACRL 2013 because the keynote speaker is HENRY ROLLINS!!!!!!!!!!!"
"There is no problem so big it cannot be solved by knowing the solution."
"Casey: I think I might get in a fight with this drag queen over \"Cabin in the Woods.\""
"Do not ask God to guide your footprints if you're not willing to move your feet"
"Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is to not stop questioning.-- Albert Einstein"
"Oprah as an avatar looks stupid..."
"& I HAVE TO TAKE CHORUS OMG KILL ME"
"#Vegas! Come party with us now! Doors are open & we have $2 Drafts & $3 Jack Shot #DrinkSpecials until 11pm! Free Dance lessons in 15 mins"
"What is this breakfast time you speak of?"
"Final Fights? Sounds good. ;-P"
"I WISH YOU LOVE!!!!"
"Yeah? But what happens in fight club stays in fight club... Or something..."
"Woody wins. Has only been to the #Oscars once after the 9/11 attacks. He was personally asked to be there to support New York."
"How so? Centaur is half man/half horse, a pony boy."
"Walking away from you was the biggest mistake I've ever made"
"Just saw an ad for some movie about Chernobyl, thought most teens (movie seems to be geared towards them) don't know what Chernobyl is."
"u gotta start somewhere y not me"
"bed before midnight the second day in a row? what is this madness?"
"I wanna thank u for the song #MyBrother. I lost my big bro 2/25/12 & that's the first song I play every day."
"Hope everyone is enjoying their holiday weekend! It's a beautiful day out on Alamitos Bay! Come enjoy a ride!"
"Catering a Party? Save 25% by mentioning this tweet @ www.patrickscatering.com"
"- wow! what happened?"
"Good luck! Have you thought about playing #volleyball in college? RT:: Great volleyball practice. Hope I made varsity."
"Im a dork, i embarress my friends, im funn and crazy and i just dgaf but thats why they love me(: ♥"
"sweet, get those nucleus accumbens!"
"* While, not with, rather. In either case, that series has a weird obsession with exactly that. Not even w/ hoodrat friends."
"you're breaking my balls"
"Ima victim of my own kind wea da weed at"
"If Sex Isn't Better Than Love Than Why Cheat ?"
"Just walked by this old man with a rolling book bag,belting out the song baby I'm amazed by you!"
"Thanks for putting my post up!"
"Just Chillin with my boy kam and morgan"
"Thanks, let me know if you ever have other questions."
"In good company, gentlemen!"
"OK, next year I'm using the Scantron form spell-a-word method when choosing teams for my bracket."
"ouch. I tried to delete that tweet to revise, but you beat me to the punch. sigh. Pitiful..."
"Go Navy Seals! Bush 8 yrs of a thumb up ur ass. Obama 2.5 yrs & u got him!"
"The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering. -- Bruce Lee"
"Hey-o! :) RT : can't wait to see the two best Agents out there on Sunday!!"
"Good one. And thanks for reminding me of tax deadline. Quick job for me though; 5 digits of income, vs Romney's 7."
"RPCV/W Happy Hour @ Marx Cafe in Mt. Pleasant on March 23rd at 5:30pm!!! See you there!!!"
"Will you #barackthevote? *ad"
"Be sure not to miss YOGA tonight @ 7pm with Josh Plesinger followed by Spinning at 8pm with Melissa Reid from Fox 8 news...."
"I never ever see you on campus:( We needa fix that!!"
"So I just watched like, 7 of your videos in a row and basked in your amazing accent, and you seem really awesome and stuff."
"Ouch. RT Calipari on Quincy Miller: \"I don't know that he ever visited campus\"; Miller on UK: \"I visited campus about five times.\""
"My leg hurts."
"yo i like the radio show.. keep doing good."
"RT : do y'all sell accessories as well?// Yes ma'am! Jewelry, hats, bags, shoes, ties, suspenders..."
"That is awesome! Must have!"
"After learning about event listeners in javascript = brain feels melty"
"Tonights Twitter Poll (Please RT!) >> Who will lead the Miami Heat in scoring this season? Bosh, Wade or James?"
"If u are absent while I'm fighting, don't even think u gonna be in my win"
"You have no idea how much I really like you..."
"wow thank you!"
"- Wolf needs some drones in Canada. Save the WOLFPACK"
"So ready for the band trip thursday! Need to get out of Galax!"
"It's a Super Science Saturday Heart theme at The Bakken! Come visit and celebrate Valentine's Day the right way: ~Scientifically~"
"Find out who the Wiseguys are betting on in the #tournament here-www.USSportspages.com"
"Riding the merry-go-round with Finn"
"focus!! Haha I hope you have a great day. :)"
"Eating burrito. Boss mentioned I was remarkably calm. Not claustrophobic. Slightly worried elevator would careen down the shaft. It didn't."
"She was not a celebrity, but she was my sister and she died of ovarian cancer in 2008. She was my celebrity, the wind beneath my wings."
"so, just checked specs and world market (online). May just have to bite the bullet and bake them myself"
"This time she tweeted inflamed curiosity"
"How come when you kid is hurting, you hurt too...if not more. Love my boy...."
"Had your coffee yet, good afternoon :D."
"WE'RE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL!"
"ya i hate school :/ and im pissed thats the only stop in texas"
"listen idk what doth of kink ur into but my glasses better be clean!"
"lol she's like 1 right?"
"“: Hello.. I am Model 371. On Earth they call me <3” I know ur more than what they can see! Love, Ur Scarlet Angel"
"The new chariot album iiisss pretty much the shit."
"mostly. All my flights are on the tiny regional planes. Makes it very little fun anymore."
"Watching 2 games from my couch in Jerusalem! Hapoel #Jerusalem with DJ Strawberry and NY #Yankees with visitor Darryl Strawberry"
"Today I am 6,851 days old. I know because the computer machine told me so."
"For light bulbs broken in the socket, push a potato onto the broken glass to unscrew it."
"RT : The Great Cookie Debacle of 2011 has been solved. And the story shall be passed on for many generations at The End."
"which DH blogs do you follow most avidly?"
"I've been listening to an advance of the new album for the past week. A definite contender for local album of the year."
"We will see.."
"i am so ready to find my big girl job lol"
"im loving this shit !"
"we're pretty casual here, mostly t-shirts and flip flops. Oh wait, that wasn't what you meant, was it?"
"yeah you just forget to tell the truth..or be with one girl at a time. But it's all good. Goodluck to the next one!"
"got 9 hours of sleep last night! Felt so good."
": President Obama: Today, I can report that, as promised, the rest of our troops in Iraq will come home by the end of this year."
"to your bio no that makes u fun"
"I normally have to pay for that kind of service!)"
"I'm glad! The next one is a bit of a slow read, just so you're not taken unawares, research the narrative construction."
"Mark my words: will outlast them all."
"have a great week in Sarasota!"
"Today is the day would never notice me like all the other days :("
"English teacher talks of how flannels arnt sexy ha"
"I get to see my bae today! I'm excited! He work all dha dam time!"
"Even when you think I'm not paying attention, or didn't hear or see you, I did"
"how? I said I'm going to the gym. I actually go unlike you"
"agreed #RIPMCA You made us all Party while you were here!"
"was happening??? My gr8 g-parents r from ireland o i cant wait to go there and see it all!!!!"
"Furcal has played very well as of late and it hurts more that yuni is currently \"struggling\" to nicely put it."
"Absolutely. And I hear you about stuff coming up you didn't know you needed to know. We switched last year."
"Come on #nuggets I want tacos!!"
"Where da freaks at"
"OMD! Can't believe the finale is already here! So you've had to keep it a secret all this time!?"
"It feels like a huge decision b/c your responsible for so much. Have u read some unschooler blogs from young adults?"
"some birdbrained peeps; it's that kinda town, what with Blue Jays, Orioles, and Ravens"
"Have a slice of perfection with the White Chocolate Raspberry Cake for only $3 a slice!"
"RT : I love JUSTIN :-) He baffles my mind every time I see him!"
"Oh yeah and kellie clarkson"
"Yes hope to see you there at"
"please follow me:)"
"What kind of 13 yr old requests lentils and rice for her celebratory meal?"
"LA and Franzke talking about on the radio broadcast."
"Lol, cool(: so how was global today?"
"Users' emotional responses to different versions of design."
"Sounds like sexy and talented Katy really burns one in your arse. Too bad she doesn't even know you exist."
"Beautiful daytime adventures and activities with ?! Down."
"I love my ethiopian girls"
"Dont ask me for spare change if i just saw you buy a pack of menthols"
"THANK YOU for letting me know!!!!! : D"
"Congrats bud. 1 step closer to the cigar/scooter/legal advice stand"
"When yall get to talking bout the greatest i just really hope that yall think of me.."
"Tonight...the Denver edition...www.party95.com.....10 pm mst..then see u at HEADRUSH at Vinyl D-Unitize yo soul #BEAUX!"
"I need more followers"
"it Is very cool Kelli.. Is it complicated.????"
"Before you call someone a Cheater, make Sure that's what they're doing before Quoting what Anybody says. Im just sayin."
"Aim and work toward becoming what you ever dreamed to become but cherish and try to appreciate what you already are...be blessed!"
"I have met the most amazing people at #BASHH tonight."
"Don't judge me. I stole it fairly."
"And a big show at Terminal 5 coming up. NICELY DONE!!!! Looking forward to seeing you all"
"Dining at Eastern Standard. My favorite restaurant."
"without You holding my heart i'm fallin' apart."
"You're welcome! What have you been up to?"
"The campus uses approx 220 mil gal of water annually. About 17% is harvested. Come visit & we’ll show you how!"
"Finished the base coat painting on the set of #Knock. Now off to Ohio! -JO"
"Thanks for sharing our content and including it in your newsletter."
"definitely different!"
"Mid-June, look out for the new mixtape: Daydreams & Nightmares. Info about the release party coming soon."
"WHAT is a dm? hahah i actually do not know."
"I'm surprised his lips didn't get in the way!! Lol!"
"why do you have court lol"
"lol I am too and I'm already ready to get off! Imy so much missy when are u coming back"
"What do men and clouds have in common? When both are not around it's a nice day!"
"'Stick around while the clown who is sick does the trick of disaster.' Think that would make a good epitaph for me. Maybe I'm in a bad mood."
"On a serious sleepy fucken note . Keep it Foward."
"u thought wrong"
"STOP SENDING HATE TO NIALL'S FRIEND ALI!!! you bunch of beotches!! Jeez :/ theyre just friends and even if they were dating be happy."
"\"fame!\" this song is stuck in my head. thanks :) btw love your senior solo"
"good good. I'll see ya soon 😉"
"hello everyone! well back it just got done with my 2nd workout of the day going to start looking for my next contest."
"when the #brewers pitchers go south they really go down quick"
"We are pushing closer and closer to v1 launch! Expect more info in the coming days!"
"I'm still on a look out for that hair."
"hahah 😂😂 same here anything for some food 🍔🍟 lol I hate driving tho"
"RT Ill keep a smile on her face when no other man could, thats wat separates the alphas from betas"
"WHY DOES JONNY KEEP SAYING SWAG? PLEASE. STOP."
"Are we EVER going to see Hey Arnold!: The Jungle Movie? If we can bring the series back to #90sareAllThat why not, amirite?"
"Welcome to Tuesday.."
"Hey i know u will see or hear about this so stfu and stay away from me and my friends thanks BYE b!"
"I swear it smells like burgers in here...dang you Stack'd and your delicious grilled hamburgers wafting into the HVAC!"
"Hey, are we taking your best player?"
"Lord... give me the strength to not shoot myself before I finish this damn paper..."
"A 6am spin class on Thursdays is really only for the"
"thanks for the RT! Let me know when have a show/opening/event & I'll help get the word out :)"
"I'm looking for a Java developer that has experience w/ eCommerce. Competitive pay and benefits. Locate right in center-city!! 267-765-6100"
"can't follow until 2morrow reached my limit."
"This made me laugh. Am I a big runner? I'm 6 foot, and a buck fiftey, so I'd say yes. Mostly I love the way the wind feels to music"
"UW offense puts up 56 points (in regulation).... And loses by 11!"
"Only if I'm dumb enough to carry it with my fingers in the ... convenient... finger-sized ... ... shut up. :P"
"I've been reading some posts about not using any slides at all..."
"All Kings so far. And now Mike Smith is tackling someone."
"The only cure is graduation."
"I love #Paleo Mayo. Requires good patience to make it right though but so good in egg salad."
"i wish you would have said hi. we could have hung out"
"Let's go Bucs!! Luv the pink bats:)"
"Looking forward to a day of fun tomorrow and then mtgs & debates start!"
"...BOOM (I can't disclose anymore than that)"
"Terrible. I couldn't have played worse. I had a blast though. I'll get 'em next time."
"haha. You are so angry(:"
"Lol im not entertaining foolishness"
"bring food!!! :( RT I heard was sick...hmm I gotta go take care of her...but if I get sick dats her ass"
"You're prettierr (:"
"going to start doing clan recruiting! if you want to join a sick ass, chill ass clan hit me up might also make a website for it :)"
"Woke up early to clean my room and now I am of to Manhattan to go to my Jazz class, it's been a while should be fun."
"Thank you! Happy Valentine's Day to you too!"
"all of the best our city has to offer!"
"lol good looks"
"Cars band aid to the rescue."
"Q2: Are internships as advertised? Do they help get a foot in the door in an industry?"
"Are you coming to the networking phoenix event? We will be there!"
"Will #apple announce a new #iphone at #wwdc?- You're going to be stuck with that obsolete one."
"Baseball analogy. Better to have at least 2 more pitches than being 1 & done. Always give yourself a #2 - all about an option!"
"Next bout Sat. June 18, Doors @ 3pm. Riveters vs River City"
"Gotta say, that NYTimes slideshow on fashion-conscious college girls was a little disappointing."
"Thanks for the follow! I send your job listings to friends almost every day. Love your work!"
"Um yeah...the Phillies are back"
"would it score your total or against each other? good to know I'm in good company!"
"OTTAWA, ON tomorrow @ MAVERICKS w/ LIGEIA!! Who's coming out?!"
"“ “ that moment when you're reading old messages and you're thinking \" where did we go wrong ..””"
"Storyopolis Entertainment announces it will once again be producing high quality content in children’s sector for the movie and television"
"If you “don’t have time” then fit shorter but more frequent periods of time, like 5-10 minutes several times a day throughout your day...."
"tell us why you hate your boss."
"will share Howto write-a-thon details next week"
"it's hard to make Compliance Rules in the Financial Sector an exciting topic... >8-]"
"A house divided against itself cannot stand -Abraham Lincoln"
"maybe it's just an east coast cult thing?"
"Now onto the weekend with a clear mind and more love for my family!"
"What are some of your other favorite places in Boston? RT At the courtyard (one of my favorite places in #Boston)..."
"Thanks!!! I'm doing his work. In many ways we all are :) Will keep you in prayer as well."
"that is classic. I'm sharing that with my son"
"thanks Ryan, I may take you up on that"
"I should've kissed you one last last time."
"I'm afraid come April I'll be leaving town for a lot longer than that. : / (I don't check this Twitter account much these days.)"
"RT : One of the reasons I tend to let my beard grow in is that going after my facial hair is like trying to shave Brundlefly."
"If you don't have something nice to say, don't say anything at all. That's why I have tweeted in like....FOREVER. I'm a total"
"oh trust me I know!!!"
"Six packs of coke? You must really love soda."
"There, I'm following you now :)"
"sounds like a fireworks party"
"HAPPY MONDAY!! Remember life & death is in the power of the tongue. Speak wise and faith filled words"
"Drum tracks for three tunes are on the can. Ol' One-Take strikes again!"
"Thank you for the RT's!"
"Commentary: How the closing of the Tucson mail center affects you - Sierra Vista Herald Commentary: How the closing of the Tucson mail ce"
"I always wanted to get up and leave the classroom when the teacher says \"Those who refuse to attend the class , they can go away from here.\""
"that works."
"Bud tour yes please!"
"Thanks babe!"
"I haven't noticed an odd gait, diet is questionable (chicken. bananas and milk ), she doesn't have feeding goals though."
"RT : Enjoying watching rush hour from the patio on the Cap. Almost makes commuting this week worth it."
"Ke$ha - Take it off★"
"i'll get to it eventually I have to do something haha"
"surprisingly, I've never read it! It's on my Kindle wishlist though, does that count?"
"Very busy with the Copycat Project & book deadline! BTW I grew up on South Robinson Street!"
"Those took forever! Once my mom scheduled mine for 3 right after school so we wouldn't have to wait. Turned out to be a snow day"
"Such an amazing Easter weekend thus far celebrating the greatest sacrifice ever made. Get to a campus tomorrow."
"yeaa ... i need to get some money...."
"Hi publisherspage. Hope everything is well with you. I am very happy to meet your acquaintance. Will get back after Tbreak."
"#Hyde #SBE We will be there!!!"
"In Austin-surround cities how many teachers have lost their jobs in last months? Let alone all over country, this is scary..."
"Gatewood Galbraith, the smartest man who ever ran for governor in KY, died this morning. Our thanks to the Last Free Man in America."
"Just out of curiousity - Is there a website where you made the T-Shirts? We're in need of some new merch! ;)"
"Going to see#TheHelp hope its as good as they say."
"Thanks to for tweeting the public humanities panel"
"I refuse to be a consumer anymore ... oh look, shiny!"
"I'm excited too! #lamestafftweet :)"
"very possible!"
"Great stuff, Maria!"
"that moment when you forget to send a message so it just stays on your phone XD!"
"We'll see you there!"
"RT I went over my data usage this month whatever 😳🙅 >I do that every month lol"
"Combination containers offer beauty and plenty of variety"
"Just got done studying :-) Had a long day Goodnight muah!!"
"still has TMZ as only source. No \"official\" statement. Not calling it a lie. It's just not an official statement."
"This new guy cant handle my sarcasim or sass."
"Perhaps you should simply ask \"are you a re-tard?\" If they retweet, they obviously are."
"How'd u know I wasn't sorry"
"I was actually next to the person who claps when the plane lands"
"Congrats to on his 1st place finish in the Southern 500 @ the Lady in Black & 's 200th WIN!"
"Waiting on my new bike to be delivered"
"Very well said!"
"Taking a relax on the record for a bit going off to do some shows on my own hello Iowa, Chicago, and Indiana/hometown"
"Staats was baptized in 1620 in Amsterdam."
"Charlie sheen in det FAIL haha"
"That seems somewhat racist, but every bit true."
"follow me so i can dm you! Thnx for the response!"
"Besek: should LAMs get a better deal than for profit orgs? Or does this give LAMs \"significant competitive advantage\""
"im bout to get me a new dj"
"Holy moly the panel is packed. I want him to do a couple of fist pounds. \"Blood alone moves the hands of time.\""
"Without that little voice in your head you wouldnt be able to read this."
"Heard the Pumps got dropped from Adidas...."
"You never know with this team, but Lakers *should* be fine. Inside beats jumpers every time, especially at home."
"PLEEAASEE GO ON TWIT CAM.!"
"\"Engagement marketing makes ur #smallbiz visible in a seamless manner\" @#ebiznow Philadelphia event"
"Yes, M/W at 2 PM. Are you still lurking around campus? Come say hi & plug Obscura! Carman 313."
"Also reminded how, by and large, if a Chekhov scene feels truthful it's funny and is played funny it's not funny."
"RT MFG award winner Woody Allen honored with an Oscar for Midnight in Paris. #oscars // Yes, we're glad!"
"What to do on this beautiful day before it gets blazing hot again...I think Tori and I will take Nikita to the dog park!"
"lorne is such a light-skinned!! ugh lol"
"Marble can vary in size and color and can be cut to your specific needs."
"Someone just ralphed at the Brannan Street US Post Office. Please be advised."
"Rise and Shine ! Beautiful day to believe the impossible and declare the ridiculous and receive the exceedingly"
"Comedy show next Sun. #Showtime starring Buckwild, Smokey, & Friends hmu for tix"
"Looking forward to working with you!"
"Small minds think small time¡"
"Disaster strikes hard, slaps you right in the face. Everything good that you knew now leaves a sour taste."
"How rare is it for an NBA games leader scorer to only play 17 min? Or have 14 other guys play more min?"
"what happened to politics free Sunday?"
"Primary season in Fort Wayne & I feel compelled to vote for one of the coroner candidates. Forensic dentist > chiropractor in this case."
"thanks 4 a great show & interview"
"Learn how neuroscience can add to the understanding of human construction of religious meaning in Religion and the Body, out now:..."
"THAT should give them an idea how old the book is. Hope you photo shopped it."
"love the new album/mixtape Taylor Allderdice!"
"So asked their fans to tell them who to bring on tour. So we want you to tweet/comment on their FB telling them Coyote Theory"
"hahah I will!! So what r u doing!?"
"I'm clearly still a twitter n00b. Does that make me a twit? 0.o"
"PAX Prime doesn't count. (Because I'm too poor to go, so it therefore doesn't exist.)"
"Are there any IPrefer hotels in Napa or Sonoma, CA?"
"A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. - John Barrymore"
"Happy #FF to you too!"
"Blink 182 & My Chemical Romance Friday 10/7 Red Rock"
"That sounds awesome. If only i could sing.....good"
"Great fun singing in Estes Park,in spite of the COLD weather! Next week I'll be @ Blue Note in NYC with the Dizzy Gillespie Allstars BB"
"Wiggling my tail all over the city...blodwyn style"
"You are witnessing & reporting - ur version of going to Mass, as u said. Hard to do even that, right?"
"still trying to figure these why these links are all messed up!"
"Where do you want to see theblacklist play? We want to play for each and every one of you."
"Hahaha I'm hold u to that RT : IF THEY DO, U KNO IMMA HIT YA HAND W/ A LIL SOMETHIN HAHAHAHA"
"Fill your days with things that make you smile,and your world with people that make you happy. Why would you want to be around anything else"
"so classy"
"returns tomorrow night from 9pm-12am. Come check her out and try one of our signature fish bowl cocktails!"
"Love isnt always life its just something to do but you dont always need ."
"Got tickets to the NCAA East Regional tournament games at TD? Stop by for a pre/postgame meal and drink!"
": ) Thanks sis-in-law"
"Thanks sweetie. Everybody check out"
"follow me :) You honestly don't know what it would mean to me if you did follow me. So PLEASE follow me :)"
"Wing-Co on 36th and Villa seems to be the best candidate if your looking for a good ol' fashioned meth-stabbing."
"Welcome back! Just got to SFO myself right now although headed out instead."
"agreed but disenfranchised grps go unnoticed by main stream America. Hence why we march. But the story is key! If they listen"
"I hope none of you out there has LOGIZOMECHANOPHOBIA....(the fear of computers). Unfortunately, their are people who do."
": Kanye and Kim hold hands at Chanel event #idgaf!"
"\"every time you close your eyes (lies, lies)\" - The Arcade Fire, Rebellion"
"I hate my internet 4real bruh"
"Welcome to twitter....about time you plied us with your musings."
"Last tweet!!!<3"
"Where is at??"
"Just heard one of the most inspirational woman speak at the YWCA Luncheon; Ashley Judd!! What an incredible human being!!"
"outstanding, thanks for responding & letting me know. Luke hit a big dagger 3 for Cavs last night, looks like he's settling in"
"Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President is currently at Libertarian Party meeting here in Fort Myers, Fla listening"
"Amazing statistic! RT : 1200 laptops lost or stolen at LAX per week! Tom Koulopoulos, CEO, Delphi Group,"
"The feeling of being unwanted is worse then death it's self"
"“: haha. I did it on purpose. :)” yeah wasn't sure if it was on purpose or not.. Wonder how many people caught it.."
"From \"Baby\" to \"Boyfriend\" <3 From #NeverSayNever To #Believe <3 has changed so much I will always be a True #Belieber <3"
"when can you come to Waco,TX and Selena Gomez is coming to Baylor in Waco,TX YYAYAYYAYAYAY!!!!! :) Hope you see this! RT"
"the best, most favorite words of any #author anywhere: the end #mustfinishtheBOOK!"
"#ff great teacher and coach. Check out his showfax column \"Casting Corner\"."
"My crush said he hasn't had his first kiss yet and hen it happens it better be special, I promise to make it special. ;)"
"yall might have better air were u at"
"Not on this tour, sadly, If I had loads of money I could probably afford to travel to another show, but oh well."
"You make yourself look stupid."
"Thanks for the #FF, sweetheart--hope you're not going bonkers on that deadline!"
"#TwSIG Managing Twitter. Who is going to manage an account? How much time for this? How do we decide what to publish? Who is the audience?"
"I thought Peyton Manning wasn't here to teach our awkward QB Tebow -- I mean Osweiler -- how to play."
"There is a reason why I don't like girls, perfect example is you"
"SO YOU YOUR BRITISH AND COME TO AMERICA? AND IM AMERICAN,&I CANT GO TO THE UK? this makes no sense. I WANT TO GO 2 THE UK"
"Needs a Blackberry too."
"great match up!"
"Fitness Costs should be tax deductible."
"Party too hard in celebration of the big Tigers hoops win? I know I did."
"I dunno why David Stern questioning flopping. Isn't it his plan?? LeBron and Kobe can flop and the refs favor them."
"Happy Easter everybody! :) Do you guys do anything special with your families? Do you get presents or egg hunts? lol"
"i have no swag"
"I was told by sources you wouldn't travel there RT The Varsity Club event at Lucas Oil will be a great event this Wednesday nt."
"SAY WHATEVER YOU WANT.....as long as IT'S \"THE RIGHT THING\" to say... :-))))"
"Burnett pitching well but this game is killing his k/9. Only 3 strikeouts"
"Like when union thugs used to beat up darker-skinned \"scabs\""
"I can run REALLY FAST in heels when being chased by a can of compressed gas -duster. Thanks"
"Pumped to meet up with Nick, Justin, and Molly to get down on some work!"
"Mothers Day Brunch at the Hyatt :)"
"looking forward to learning from you"
"listening to and love Love LOVE both of them especially"
"work week done!!! TIME for the Immanuel Lutheran's basketball tourney! LETS GO LIONS!!!"
"Whale bout to head home and get ready for school tomorrow . God I hate BART"
"And not a minute sooner! RT : \"I want to be all used up when I die.\" - George Bernard Shaw"
"What I find the most disturbing about Romney is that he was a vulture capitalist and considers that an honorable profession."
"he knew he had it coming"
"EXACTLY. I'm a stone cold bitch, but I'm not evil. I look out for the defenseless -- animals, babies, the poor, the disenfranchised."
"RIP Whitney..."
"My name is Soo ANNOYING Jesus I need a new name NOW someone give me a nickname or something PLEASE!!!"
"party is NOT at my house!!!!"
"Wow! That's awesome! :) Woot!"
"Happy Birthday to a great friend,"
"Making bacon-wrapped chicken livers. Don't look at me like that."
"Who is going to be the VCC's keynote speaker? Your guess is as good as ours. Suggestions? We provide one hell of a veggie plate."
"\"So then, those who suffer according to God’s will should commit themselves to their faithful Creator & continue to do good.\" -1 Peter 4:19"
"sometimes you like, sometimes you don't."
"RT : Make fruit the everyday dessert for your kids. Serve baked apples, pears, or enjoy a fruit salad instead of sugary desserts."
"Spent the night dreaming about social networking thanks to the folks over at Spreenkler"
"Glad to see you on Twitter, big guy! It's 2011. Also known as the year of The Matus! :-)"
"I like it too!"
"Thanks! I always make the most of it. Definitely look for pictures upon my return :)"
"will be this friday from 5-8pm signing autographs!!!"
"Lol they're plying love like woe in mcdonalds"
"Omg! I love it already. We have Marlene's natural Market down here. I go there a lot."
"is there tech support for ESPN Fantasy Football? Friend cant log in to his team all of a sudden and I cant delete the team"
"started listening to them"
"\"Use the tool don't be the tool\"."
"Good to see you this weekend! As always the best hour and a half we spend at the show!"
"re: kinect and sex. like someone's sex? or the activity of sex? explain!"
"“ How many times has instincts let us down? Never to be thought through, never to be questioned.”"
"Oh whatever comes our way, and you???RT : What are you boys up to this weekend?"
"I'll sink ur ship!!! U r too busy raping ur woman that u forgot I already took u out first!!! Lmfao ;D"
"Doing software upgrades today... Installing Stylus RMX today and finally getting Logic 9 going"
"Sounds awesome!! Any candles?? I love burning candles!!"
"Please stop our booth @ the #RV show in St Louis this weekend see Brian & enter to win a free Kindle Fire!"
"While you are in Marfa, go see the sculptures of Donald Judd. Huge minimalist concrete forms. Breathtaking."
"It's my birthday day at school :)"
"My doctor gave me a blank doctors note."
"When sleep doesn't fix it, and booze doesn't fix it, it's time to go for a run."
"What an amazing day. Pinstripes was absolutely jammed packed tonight. THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO HELPED AND CAME OUT."
"So true! RT : #MSC2011 relationships important! what's relevant to one child is not relevant to the next. -Daggett"
"That was a good ass nap!"
"Crying at Seize the Day's video. Omfg that's sad."
"Happy Memorial Day weekend! Be safe and heart wise!"
"Aw, thanks. They had a lot of fun with the play food, but if you read tomorrow's post, you'll see real food, not so much!"
"The #mnwild score less than fat dudes at Comic-Con these days."
"Incredibly Realistic WoW Cosplay! (Photos) These elves have never looked so stunning!"
"I know - I had tears running down my face..."
"try THE EROTIC"
"Electrical engineering design project to aid track team - LSU The Reveille"
"All im gonna listen to tomorrow at school is dis White Flame #motivated me"
"yes please!"
"Streaming rights are cheaper, and will last longer."
"Really? .. followers are SO bipolar"
"You got that right! I love being open on warm summer nights!"
"Does anybody know how to remove the stupid shopathome redirects? Not listed under uninstall"
"\"there's no such thing as personal space on public transportation\" haha fkn SF"
"Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. Lol"
"Some days I want to walk around with a giant sign on my forehead that says, \"be nice to me. I'm a collaborator, not a competitor.\""
"2 Bitter, 1 Brown...bring on Autumn."
"Joe's Bakery Biatch."
"Quote from last night - \"You know why I LOVE this place? Because for 8 bucks I get a fabulously delicious meal!\" Great job"
"Wow, great game! Go Niners!"
"3 rounds of Tiger Woods 2010, my shoulder aches, but it's worth it"
"It's charity ball season... Getting ready for the second one in as many weeks."
"looking foward to creating new music"
"new #paleo recipe up at www.fwhuntergatherer.com!"
"Anyone else using Tweetdeck? Are you having messages get stuck in the \"mentions\" column? Mine will linger for several days."
"I m so fuckin mad tht non of the Yankees waon the GOLD GLOVE dis was totally set up fuckin Yankee Haters."
"I got 20 mins to write these dance reviews..... Wish me luck lol"
"you got that right!"
"LIES! She did cuz of injury"
"Time makes everything better"
"Waking up before sunrise seemed like a productive idea until just now. May have to grab a 5 hour energy."
"be careful we want to see you Monday"
"yes I know I didn't say this.lol"
"I just want to curl up with my Bella cat, and my mommy and watch old home movies and talk about life. I'm about that life."
"lol she called me fake the other day, she was inside the house and yelled it through the window"
"looking god"
"The PR Industry lost an amazing woman. Thank you for all you have given us, Deanne Roberts. RIP"
"I know, but it's hysterical the lengths ppl go to stay attached to their mobile devices."
"I honestly don't think well be able to see over the side of the stage PLATFORMS !!!"
"There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there's only a scarcity of resolve to make it happen. Wayne Dyer"
"Thanks! We havent sponsored any events yet but we would consider it if it was the right opportunity.."
"Forever Alone..."
"He's not the blogging sort. Had lunch with him today."
"I read it all in one sitting, didn't want to put it down. :)"
"RT Today in #Herstory; In 1873, philanthopist Anne Morgan born. Daughter of financier J.P. Morgan."
"can you switch the schedule to make y'all's first game tomorrow?! Haha I'm amped and ready for some soccer"
"There's not enough corn in the world to describe that play!! Ha"
"Going shopping at centre court"
"interesting. Safari update disable old, out of date, potentially vulnerable version of Flash"
"what happened to Lil?"
"It's the beer more than the fish. On me. You needn't worry."
"Uhm.. So... is it to early to start bugging my mom bout #BELIEVEtour tickets? <3 were a month away omg! im dying <3"
"This is gonna be chipper jones last season....i hate it but it is what it is"
"Just posted a rough teaser of 3 new songs we've been working on!!! Things are starting to turn around for us, after we get the songs..."
"you have amazing graffiti"
"\"Behold the turtle. He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out.\" - James. B. Conant"
"This place is a prison and these people aren't your friends."
"and that's the damn truth!!!"
"“: \": Velvet, Who is the Best ? Mickie James or Melina ?\"I'm going with Mickie!” I say VelVelHoller."
"Is my bestest friend okay. :)"
"CAN YOU PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!! PLEASE PLEASE!!!!"
"In economics, the majority is always wrong."
"Thanks to former #MiamiDolphins DE #JohnBosa for joining his old teammate on the show. Your calls/texts the rest of the way!"
"RT : Justin beiber rolling with the Money Team!"
"I love your observations."
"thank you my friend, I should double check my grammar before posting, especially if I havent had my daily dose of AM caffeine ;)"
"Exit Facebook, close laptop, get into bed, unlock phone, check Facebook .."
"will the new cafe fit all of the people who are getting tickets to the opening party? Seems like you'll need a bigger venue!"
"I need a blunt right now. 😒"
"I need you to follow our site so I can communicate with you. Thanks!"
"i love that show he is cute"
"oh holy heck - I only just discovered Google Art Project - as I was trying to go to bed tonight - more google art project tomorrow kthnxbye"
"can someone please press the mute button on jeff van gundy..."
"Hella props to the person who had sex to #silence. Awesome S/O on #CC250 by I know I would ^_^"
"Hey , I'm trying to work and you little jerks keep flying into my comp screen. I'd get out my vacuum but you multiply like crazy"
"Peace out juice drinkers and coffee makers!"
"I'm so sorry that was an accident. :D"
"You Got Some Hard Shit Bro"
"This cheese is rotten. I'm going to the hospital."
"you can raise her up a lady, but there's one thing you just can't avoid, ladies love country boys."
"Same here RT : Blessed! I forgot I got paid today....mainly cuz all my bills are paid and NO more carnote! 😃😁"
"has everyone checked our site www.desertdogdiving.com or liked our fb page? Please take a look and follow our adventures"
"yep, food, labor, food deserts, and other topics. Pretty interesting stuff"
"it look like you was really pissing off!"
"my roommate is making us watch the end of the All-Star game & it is killing me! want to see what everybody is tweeting about"
"texting you nowww :)"
"omg same here. and ikr"
"Amen..that's always a good look RT : finally off work!! Yayyy!!!!!!"
"DeForest wins at the buzzer!!"
"Girl I just wanna see you strip right now."
"what is ur favorite show??"
"My roommate called me the other day.....no just no."
"Good night-- snow falling and singing in the bus ride home."
"If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose- Charles Bukowski"
"concede it to Kentucky, but rooting for Kansas.."
"Thanks for recommendation! & I are at in Chicago!"
"Jon Hamm introducing Day 3 of the #NFLDraft? Consider my juices flowing!"
"thanks for the follow bro returning the favor"
"lol u lost me im somewhere in freebands land lmao"
"Should be awesome"
"Uh, that was supposed to be \"boo\"."
"Love your new pic! Just gorgeous!"
"If #BradleyManning getting life in prison will be one of the greatest tragedies of my generation. Makes me physically ill."
"Who was Matilda's sibling? Geneamath makes my head explode. Don't tell anyone."
"Faith Hill!"
"Tomorrow night, my #ADD nuttiness will be on stage for all to enjoy. My Stand-up comedy debut aka at Go Bananas Cincinnati."
"Find someone worth your tears, worth your laughter, worth your heart and loves you as much as you love them."
"Don't cry over the past, it's gone. Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived. Live in the present and make it beautiful."
"Glad you came by! RT : Just had the best Burger and Shake in DC"
"#3words Lax for life"
"\"Nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared believe that something inside them was superior to circumstances.\""
"SO YOU ANSWER ME ON TWITTER BUT NOT MY TEXT"
"We must be nearing the end of the semester. Citation citation citation questions at the ref desk."
"New summer concert shell and latest and greatest IDs added!"
"Might go check out some #Hydroponic Lighting today.. You n*ggas aint busy"
"That's part of the downfall of boxing and my initial point. We are too PC for the sport."
"Hey -->“: Tomorrow is Poem in Your Pocket Day! Carry a poem you love & share with your co-workers, family, and friends”"
"I'll send you a link once we finish up everything. Hope all is well!"
"In Memphis. Just had some classic memphis bbq for lunch, now study hall for the boys, and practice in a couple hours."
"Providing support to clients in Boston, San Diego, Harrisburg, and Austin for starters today."
"We have a TON of daily deals up today, including one for in #uptown. Now I have to decide if I want to cut my hair again!"
"we'll see you next time!"
"#ohsnaps! i remember that. He really disappointed me bro. Well we live and learn. How are them dumas boys doin?"
"I like your way of thinking."
"Great back to school today-____-"
"its fine."
"#IfWomenDidNotExist Who would cook and clean. R-T if you read this tweet in a Peter Grifin voice"
"I believe mini chocolate chip cookies are little drops from heaven an Jesus way of sayin he still cares! It's such a tasty pleasure! ;)"
"Self and child."
"Hey peeps! I kid you not, the first song my all-female highschool band and I ever learned was Iron Man.... :)"
"Well, there you go. Can't wait to see it."
"What will you leave behind for your people?"
"your boner. Hahahahaha"
"The ship arrived so we're moving in to our new place this weekend. I'm now a Bellevueite..."
"shes about to have a what? BITCH FIT!"
"good idea, find out what kids know first & then go into parent mode for nxt steps"
"The #insane moment when lets some random hot dude lift me up to help me with my pull ups...#embarrassing!"
"We appreciate you!! :)"
"WTG! RT : Congratulations to all the J. Sargeant Reynolds Community College 2012 graduates today!"
"Hope everyone had a great Christmas! Back to work Tuesday morning, bright and early!"
"sure thing! see you in a bit!"
"Chilling at panda with the ishkabiblians!!!"
"warmer up north than it is in FL! Nice"
"Find a vision and believe!"
"Fashion (turn to the left)"
"Voted for Best Gut Wrenching Scene for 2012 MTV Movie Awards!"
"So I just, uh... I just cut them up like regular chickens?"
"Hail at my house...Carlisle/Menaul. How about you? <-- It was for a while here on Edith/Montano also. Just rain now."
"good morning to you! And goodnight for me haha"
"I have a violent addiction to goldfish."
"indescribably jealous"
"Who's down to get chips & salsa or a bean & cheese burrito?"
"See this signal. Ugh!!"
"Is George Brett getting married? Or is it Dan Quisenberry?"
"As you grow older, you'll find the only things you regret are the things you didn't do. ~Zachary Scott"
"\"relax, we don't kill everybody\""
"The sky looks so cool"
"Do not go through this alone. There are people and a higher power greater than all of us who care and are ready to help."
"everyone has an addiction, mine happens to be you."
"Throw in a Gator shirt and a few others we know and I have seen that look before!"
"I have been alone all day with warring children getting on each & every last nerve. Not how I wanted to spend the day before my #LTYM show."
". the winner of today's Democratic primary will almost certainly become Mayor; that's why *voting today* is so important!"
"hahal! :) yep lazy days are necessary every now and then, right? x"
"for following"
"After watching Bobby Jindal I hope he the guy the Republicans put up against Obama in 2012. Obama with eat him up"
"Why do you follow me?"
"of course why not 😁😁"
"What My Wich comes in dif sizes now? ....Word!"
"Good Morning Twitches!!!"
"Yes! RT U were eaten by a grue RT Museums thinking @ adapting old sch D&D 4 an experience? What do u thnk?"
"Set up a tent in the camping department; tell others you'll only invite them in if they bring pillows from Bed and Bath"
"1 hr to go.. It's cold af in these tents"
"any word on when you might get out?"
"Really enjoyed lunch today. Happy 1 year anniversary!"
"Why are you so obsessed w/ me?"
"Mesh shelves provide the extra air-flow required by cold store items such as meats, dairy, vegetables or linen."
"as far as I know! You coming out? How long? Stay with us!"
"If you had one shot or one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted, would you capture it, or just let it slip?"
"I'll do it randomly, if I even try to do it now I'll start cracking up hahaha"
"awesome! I'm up for some of this if you guys are"
"Exactly 1 week until Family Day at Hartwood Acres. Bring the kids and join in the fun and while you're there, get an airbrush tattoo!"
"don't agree. When u publicly say u meant to hit someone it's wrong. Maybe 20 years ago that was 'fine' but now, no way."
"Can we buy you lunch?! RT : Just gave my month's lunch money to Hypothes.is, new nonprofit taking peer review to the Internet"
"An emergency!"
"I am following you"
"I'm kind of hoping that Sham 69 reunion hits Chicago. I'm also hoping it has nothing to do with Riot Fest."
"Whoa - Jessica Simpson finally gave birth to a baby, after gestating it for thirty months."
"thank you love<33 make sure to tell some friends!"
"phew. glad i was able to sort out that $200 fine from the SF Public Library."
"Kameron Woods with a HUGE block as in the lane."
"Wake-N-Bake"
"Just chomped down the most tart mouth watering slobber inducing mango on the planet."
"Your her girlfriend but she DON'T HAVE TIME FOR YOU ... THAT'S NOT A RELATIONSHIP LIL MAMA"
"Has the GOP held their Forum on Women yet? No, they're too busy taking away our rights."
"Sorry I wasn't able to make it out last night, we have recruits in town this weekend. Saw the score and you guys certainly"
"Getting paid. But amateur is not the opposite of pro in this sense."
"Master Builders Home Improvement 92 saint Nicholas ave suite 4a, ny ny 10026"
"I'm honored that you chose to share that with us. I think."
"Washington DC, Frank Gehry Residence in Santa Monica, Calif has been recognized for its' architectural excellence."
"Share your knowledge of the Holocaust!"
"Boston better stop bs'n and give Philly the business"
"If God dwells inside us like some people say, I sure hope he likes sesame chicken, cuz thats what he's getting."
"Good show?See it on hulu just never heard about it.Not a big tv geek.Heck only found out about community couple of days ago"
"I do that at least once a month, but I definitely feel less guilty splurging on books."
"RT : Newest Pitney Bowes twitter handle is debuting 2day. Tweeting #health #wellness tips"
"RT Fickell will coach team, through possible bowl game. He will remain on Meyer's staff."
"missed lunch again today. If I was anorexic, I'd be proud of myself."
"new favorite provenance statement includes: \"A full explanation would only serve to confuse most researchers\""
"Any recommendations for a good iPhone twitter app? keeps freezing on me and hate all the ads on"
"forever alone....."
"Unsolicited advice: You should avoid any man who uses the word “preggers.”"
"I know excited summer here we come <3"
"what's the matterr?"
"Why do some men insist on bathing in a bottle of cologne and then stting next to me on the bus? FYI, women don't like this!"
"A day with and is what I need right now."
"going to dance. :)."
"Cough medicane tastes worse than beer , i hate being sick ."
"heh! RT Yes, we're tinkering with the \"worst bathtub\" contest idea (we're wearing gloves while we do...)"
"Wanting to help those with interest in Stem Cell Treatments for spinal cord injuries, Parkinson's, or Autisim."
"Getting ready to head down to #sesny for a bit."
"What are y'all doing?"
"im an IU grad as well! cherring them on the whole way!"
"yo -- when you doing your #kcur stint for the current fund drive? been saving my nickles for you all week!"
"It's understanding that allows people like us to tolerate a person like yourself ;-)"
"Almost 70 degrees today looks like basketball shorts today"
"Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns. I am thankful that thorns have roses. – Alphonse Karr"
"Totally baffled 😒"
"oh i know the instructor from ride"
"#ThingsILookFor a good personality"
"deadass when did I say that"
"2. T. Meadows 48 mile from Valley. Not 2 crowded. 7 great day hikes around the river--good 4 all ages. 10K alt."
"My cats seriously like jumping all over my laptop when I'm on it."
"pissed. Don't even start with me."
"you coming to ou?"
"Illusion, Michael. A trick is something a whore does for money"
"happy 45th birthday #kurtcobain. wow- that is insane."
"Ya boy KERFEW put it down on stage. Way to go."
"tHE RING IS SO PRETTY!"
"i'm watching game,dope pic.Yo been trying 2 find 1 of ur lines in Point of no return.Can u help a brooklyn jew? Hitme Son!"
"so jealous yall get summer hours. R"
"3 days home taking care of Nana and my family has thoroughly reminded me why I moved 600 miles away."
"bored @ work"
"oh I thought you had talked to Kim :x but I'll see you there :)"
"No kidding."
"I must try!"
"Maroon 5 is messing up The Beach Boys songs horrible!"
"Lol.. Close enough! But which part are yu from?"
"Pour motor oil over a stack of CDs. Ta-da! Robot pancakes."
"ha I have been trying to learn that for the longest time ever lol the song goes to fast(:"
"Bitches Are Haters, Mofuckers, and Do Things To Hurt You. Avoid The Wrong Worthless Bitches, Assholes In Your Life. They Jus Make You Mad."
"Purpose of Life[Ecclesiastes12:13] Love.Respect.Honor.Obey FatherGod & keep HIS Spiritual Principles for this is the whole duty of humankind"
"Dear Chad Henne........ At this time your services are no longer needed you are the weakest link #GOODBYE!!"
"im bored & i really miss her://"
"saving brian real quick"
"Donald Duck comics were banned in Finland because he doesn't wear pants."
"I think their jerseys have a bit less orange than ours, but a TON MORE BLUE...I'm just sayin"
"Read to a Dog from 3:30 to 4:30! This will be the last RtoD before Cutter and Bella go on their summer vacation, so be sure to stop by!"
"#ifiruledtheworld no school. whatsoever. no more war. & food & shelter provided for all homeless people. yep."
"How can people go thru life with no people skills!"
"lol!! It's not hard!"
"i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 18"
"Sometimes you just have to make a move"
"I'm in desperate need of better powerflow (pilates/yoga) music. Any suggestions?"
"#ideas2action mobile Georgetown goes live. Now to \"make it awesome\"."
"I'm writing a book hopefully it will be published by Oct."
"Thanks for the #ff!!"
"And that's all they played!! Thanks so much for either coming out or watching the stream! Replays will be abound eventually. Night!!!"
"Hey Man Support Our Clothing Line. Watch Us Grow."
"Tomorrow's game just took on a whole new meaning: Win & we could be in the playoffs. WE NEED YOU HERE! Support #CLE!!!"
"Everyone looks the same so far. I'm disappointed."
"I love kirstyn"
"Awh, how sweet! Love you too!"
"Lol I agree, I hate this garbage. I havent used Facebook in forever and I give you credit for inspiring me, haha."
"\": Breakfast adventures with \" we're friends"
"Well, I'm sure my mother would support me writing you letters, hahaha."
"Get a One-Year Membership to The Frist Center for the Visual Arts in Nashville for only $45 (Save $55!) at"
"would LOVE to see him solo open one of those ryan adams shows on their run together this summer."
"I sent my mom a cropped pic of the painted modeling I did. She's still not over the pierced nipples thing"
"I’m a girl. I overreact. I underestimate. I overestimate. I over think everything. I dream big. And when I say I love you, I’m not lying."
"My hip-baby has grown into normal hips. But I will still keep as my favorite charity."
"howdy howdy. How r ya?"
"That unattractive face you make when you put on Chapstick..."
"Thank you God for another great day I pray I would Go Hard 4 U everyday and shine my light for you and you would get all the glory and honor"
"Please can we put en end to the Marky Mark Muscle Beach Steroid Monster and Jason Statham Bam Bam Kung Fu Karate Crap movies. Please"
"We've teamed up with our favorite bar !! Buy 5 tans get a free drink, buy 5 drinks get a free tan/upgrade!!"
"It is so SO COLD here in tijuana :c"
"The Monumental Pasta dinner is at the Sheraton City Centre Panorama Ballroom overlooking Monument Circle. Two seatings 5&6pm."
"What's your Facebook???(:"
"MY wedge sandals is bad (: Ima wear thm 2 my shower"
"Anyone have a gel pad they prefer for typing? Having wrist problems."
"so..he totally forgot the bears again. -.-"
"a year ago today and i gave birth to let it flourish and wreak havoc"
"yes! am glad, he's been struggling so. woodchipper next. but still, a wins a win, no?"
"RT : Marty Pupil #Colliers: The down market has helped us restructure to a pvt company that can offer clients more services.\""
"Friday's episode will be themed with 90's alternative rock. Got a request that fits in this category? Reply or use"
"My roommate bought chocolate wine and it's pretty much the best thing ever."
"Tragedy. I miss Stella. Haven't had one in forever."
"Honestly, a part of me hate basketball right now. Why doe it have to happen to such a good kid like Rose?"
"I wonder if is at the Cubs/Cards game today. #goodluckcharm :)"
"Life marches by, I suggest you get on with it. Joy Baluch"
"you are special:D and haha idk anyone wid my last name ;o besides my family..."
"hey u it's been awhile do I need to get out the hater tech glock a MF and bust a move? Lol"
"Check out the weeklong Bid-A-Thon to benefit Dane Buy Local! The online auction is open until 9/30: www.facebook.com/#!/DaneExclusiveDeals"
"P.S. I'm in Menomonee Falls and there are A LOT of young kids here. It'll be interesting to see how the movie plays for them."
"Sorry man i think 103 but im not certain RT : lol. Meant the Sections BC gave out to fan base."
"So your saying they needed to Format and reinstall? Hopefully Kentucky doesn't have a Virus that requires that."
"RT : By Twitters very nature, we invite the voyeur into our lives. Were exhibitionists."
"We are glad we could be a part of #PCS11!"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY ( : <3 I Love You !"
"who is hosting with you on Monday?"
"Thanks for including my tweet in your Daily, !"
"Thanks! RT : Congrats #SIIA member for winning #CODiE award for Best Financial Management Solution"
": were u in baltimore feb 18th? Thought I saw u, have a bet w/ a friend & need to confirm"
"Music is the wine which inspires one to new generative processes, and I am Bacchus who presses out this glorious"
"RT : I'm burning up at this cool volcano display made out of lights and flowers"
"Watching my team play the sixers"
"Deploy your own cloud with Debian Wheezy"
"Thank you for the welcome! I'm happy to be here!"
"Books You Hold in Your Hand - Huffington Post (blog)"
"Oh man I loved TRL! I remember voting an insane amount of times during the era of BSB v. NSync"
"Hm... last twee said they would be in Birmingham at that same time today...?"
"Sounds good bro"
"With any technology or social media, resources (including time) are key - wide words from during #MusEdTech panel."
"Then it's off to see Nurge at The Red Rabbit. Yeah!"
"oh my gosh yes ugh !"
"Gonna play baseball with the bro. It's too nice outside to be sitting inside."
"what about?"
"I never actually stayed up to watch \"tape delayed\" games. Always fell asleep but remember well"
"that a beautiful car god bless it"
"RT : Looking for an early morning running buddy in Bloomington. Beginners only. Fatties welcome."
"Omg had a great fucking night!!! I was hanging with , , , and"
"Why is it that no plastic garbage bag will open from the end you first try?"
"Who saw this coming?? #49ers!"
"See you at the #Blackboard client appreciation party. Loews hotel 2nd floor."
"I'm definitely craving some McDonald's breakfast right now... #hashbrownsandafrappeplease :D"
"Haha seriously!!! Cant wait to get the umbrella out this summer! ;)"
"she must have left it off for the interview."
"actually does."
"RT : \"Beer. Now cheaper than gas.\" -Anonymous"
"First tweet from the new iPhone! Aw yeah boi!!"
"Man this class is about to be cake. He makes it so easy to get an A in his class. Lol"
"added all those now. Also, Rocky IV & Miracle for obvious reasons."
"Psycho Sally rears its ugly head. Again!"
"Russian Orthodox Church urges 'gay propaganda' ban - Denver Post"
"In the studio with Noah Sugarman and Kevin Hogle recording the second Noah Sugarman Album!"
"Santa: door's unlocked since my gift won't fit down chimney. Despite \"issue\" in LA & \"incident\" w/ NYPD I was super good this year...right??"
"#ReplaceTheMovieTitleWithSwag Hitchhiker's Guide to the SWAG"
"\"Hypocritical Kiss\" may be my favorite song of 2012. And Blunderbuss is definitely my favorite album this year."
"Should have known follows"
"Guess was spot on!! Not so sure about the loss though?!?"
"This = Annoying: \"Hey Jonathan, did you have a good day?\" \"Yep.\" \"Are you sure, tell me if you didn't.\""
"that will be be what I scream if they don't leave ne alone!!"
"Read list of ingredients RT : 51% of children's food products have fruit on the box but no fruit inside."
"It's about finding the moments to really enjoy your life"
"How are you combating cabin fever?"
"Have a wonderful holiday weekend! Is anyone traveling?"
"Or, have you seen those new ads that try to make adult diapers look glamorous?"
"wifi on the plane; just paid $5 to tell you all this. that is all."
"Nothing like a Dunkin Donuts sugar high to power me thru the AM thanks !"
"Had a good weekend :). Now time to go home & be bored. Lol"
"Real men always have time for their woman. No matter what, even if hes busy, he'll find a way to make time for her."
"Bummer to hear via that is shutting down."
"nah, i got a magic carpet"
"Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. ~Denis Waitley"
"\"Nothing says love like a hamburger\"??"
"Follow me lol"
"Prepping for Monday's class on official and unofficial whitening policies in 19th & 20th cent Latin America"
"alrighty time to come back"
"It sucks how a tweaked muscle in ur lower back can totally hurt every little move :-/"
"Uh girl where were you today? Hm BUNDA! (:"
"dear my sinuses: I hate you. stop hurting me"
"Me:D"
"From clarkston to Spokane to portland to Fresno to Los Angeles to Denver to Chicago to Indiana then to Michigan WOW"
"Yawn, good morning Villagers! Anyone else up this early?"
"Must have been that great 1st pitch! :) “: The LC Bears baseball team defeats North Central 9-3! Complete game by #14 Alex Kryah.\""
"Hello..Helloo Bosani!!! You can't go hard every night you have to pick and choose your battles. Have you ever played compettive sports?"
"The kid i love really had to call the police, on my dad.?!?!"
"Oh, good! I will, don't get ruffled feathers now."
"Bottle* that is.... Already memories of that night are clouding my typing abilities"
"New Social Security hearing office opens, completing SSI move from Journal Square location"
"yo, where at?"
"A twitter too!? There goes the internet."
"on the PC T&S screen: \"To listen live on your Verizon Android devices, Text Indy to 3406\""
"President Obama is speaking Live, to watch please visit www.tncnews.com click on CNN Live"
"wish i could be at all!!"
"Fuck it then ima just forget about you too then"
"We're very interested in responsive design. Any resources you can suggest?"
"I think it's Friday Chingaso Time™! The hell w/ the piñata stick, where did I put that machete?"
"To be truly successful, your digital strategy needs the support of your entire organization."
"Stranded at SFO for the night. On the bright side, I think I accidently found the only 24 hr Subway in the airport."
"the pics of children are especially disturbing with their descriptions about boobs."
"shoot me an email with your contact info plz sam.sessa(at)baltsun.com"
"these ppl have seen you a thousand times. Who are you trying to impress??"
"\"I choose to trust the process.\" \"Confio en el proceso.\""
"thanks for playing this lifeless and soulless baseball especially when I came to see this series from Denver. We stink."
"good for you good luck with everything"
"I Motivate myself to change my own life, I dont wait for someone else!"
"Quark or InDesign? We will explain in detail soon..."
"In LITERALLY 10 days, our Facebook page has over 1,000 fans!! Every single one of you is amazing"
"if its even the real twitter... then yeah im cool with it."
"Hang in there!"
"I am in the same situation right now. Haha i'll get up eventually."
"The word \"Kay\" means I DON'T CARE."
"I hate being home alone too. Kinda feel like a lost puppy LOL"
"RT if you get all EXCITED inside when a celebrity Replies, RT's, Favorites, DM's or Follows you :)"
"There's a reason for everything I do."
"“: Me: \"I'm over my crush\" Crush: \"hey\" Me: \"Nevermind\"”"
"and apparently Vandy is the only team on the floor that can commit offensive fouls. LOTs of calls going Bucky's way..."
"Cigarette smoke contains over 4,000 chemicals including 43 known #cancer causing compounds & 400 other toxins"
"doing an unplugged rehearsal tonight which will be fun."
"Alejandro De Aza is what Juan Pierre would be if Juan Pierre actually had talent."
"Hey go see my Facebook cover photo"
"i keep putting SAY SOMETHIN' on repeat. its AMAZING"
"pink flamingos, penguins in pajamas. pink flamingos, penguins in pajamas. ITS THE CIRCLE OF LIIIIIIFFFFE."
"I still hate meryl hodge"
"Haha as tempting as that sounds..."
"I feel like this does not bode well for DD."
"Excited!!! Doing my first paid t.v. gig, in the NYC, for Oxygen Network!!! YAY!"
"#NP Scream - Usher. My song for the night 😄🎵"
"omg.... I just realized I'm hearing a fiddle version of Aerosmith's \"Walk this Way. It's down like a clown, Charlie Brown."
"Dang, he's young"
"Follow Friday"
"I thought I said I love your hair it's awesome and u said aren't they all and I said no my hair sucks lol"
"Watched part-1 of #Frontline series about the Wall Street Collapse last night. Answers a lot of questions on how this all began."
"The smallest bookstore still contains more ideas of worth than have been presented in the entire history of television. - A. Ross"
"Having a great #AORN12! Talked to hundreds of nurses on improving processes & storage in the OR. Last day today and ready for more!!"
"...gunshots?! WHAT IS HAPPENING???"
"Thanks ! Attn new grads: Looking in Chicago? Submit resume to !"
"thanks for the well wishes everyone!"
"Great stuff Alan!"
"Sometimes just stopping long enough to take it all in makes us so appreciative of this wonderful #Hawaii Island we call home"
"When people ask me why I didn't text them <<"
"When you follow God you may encounter trouble, but remember God overcame the world. Don't be afraid to step out in Faith."
"Earthday is this weekend, remember there is no Planet B!"
"Ethiopian food is SO good. You eat it using this light, spungy pancake rather than fork."
"Knocked it out of the park RT : & of now discussing student engagement at"
"Pray, Fast and Slow For when you do these in the secret, God says He, Himself will reward you in the open. -Ted Lucas”"
"Ou skateboarding in the gorgeous weather"
"RT : RT : The WORLD IS YOURS"
"are you serious? You down? This is gonna be lowkey funny"
"great content as always al!"
"My tweets are at 621, & I dislike odd numbers. so Tweet."
"He isn't currently on an NFL roster"
"GET ON IT"
"ill dm my number tomorrow and we will talk"
"IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER!❤ HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! :) I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM!"
"Just got home. Good trip. Next week is Chicago - Illinois Holocaust Museum."
"RT : Know this is going to be hard to swallow, but we're all-in for #Wisconsin w/ over"
"who is the one with a Michael Vick Falcons jersey?"
"About to turn in this application at game stop"
"right back at ya.!!:)"
"It's amazing how music can lift and soothe the Soul!"
"Like our bracket!"
"... link is broke. \"Page Not Found\""
"I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP&"
"Every time I see you, I stop breathing. :P"
"RT : Last day to follow Hollywood bad boy in his #MMDM pledge. New follow = $1 for Hockey Fights Cancer RT!"
"we missed u to!"
"all I know is, its going to end with a win"
"Holy cow! And I'm impressed with myself when I ride 24 miles (mostly flat.) Go Jes!"
"Performing at London Bistro this Saturday! In Atlanta Live, doors open @ 7, admission $5! Come see your girl hit the stages!!"
"Success is attracted by the person you are"
"yes please"
"I'm not falling for yr little tricks again."
"could you please come to Wisconsin and sav"
"also I'd love to know what she thinks about the \"hottie mystique\" that stephanie coontz mentions in her new book Strange Stirring"
"Think it's funny other fan bases try to clown us for not signing the #2 recruit"
"So true! RT First number sets the anchor... If you put your number out there, you take control of the anchor."
"just saw you singing and dancing on NY1!! So proud!"
"html5++. Native apps are great but that's not where libraries need to go first, imho."
"#5000Th Tweet goes out to all of you who fuck bitches and gets money #ISeeYou #Swag Stop hatting on my twitter game"
"RT African Americans, who r 14% of U.S. drug users, r 37% of the people arrested 4 drugs, 56% of the people n prison 4 it"
"Just sitting here.. Yawn."
"Jamming to a little Eddy J in preparation for the"
"worked out doing Pilates (pick your level weight loss pilates video on netflix)for 30 minutes"
"#ineverlearn convo's with the old man never end well. I try, but that Ego is a life saver machine in reverse; sucks the life out of you."
"I'm trying to figure out how to get out of this disc golf funk!"
"Don't play lotto but just may buy a few tickets to nite n try to win sum of dat devil $ lol"
"Will you be at work late?"
"Random food poisoning on my day off. Nice move stomach."
"Just a place to rate movies and stuff."
"I saw a story on 'Brown Babies' and was confused. Because growing up in New Mexico we were all brown babies by June."
"Despise that commercial RT : sobbing mother/daughter commercial [mute]"
"This is true, though the rhubarb sorbet is delicious and more #bodycomp friendly!"
"We love that! RT : Ha! That's funny because I celebrate National Eat What You Want Day every day! :)"
"If i didn't RT you back, that doesn't mean i hate you!! I love u all 💓😍😊😘"
"well shit I'm a vampire I gotta be up in four hours. But I have insomnia so I don't sleep"
"yeah he was, he just went to the Jets at 43"
"Beats on Infamous are insane"
"Guy at the store just told his daughter not to talk to me because i look like a mean boy.... I didnt think i was that ugly"
"Fancy is nice, but simple can be nice too."
"snowing up here in Michigan. Can't wait for"
"Where you at"
"I'm out on Friday"
"Try not to sneeze at work whilst eating oatmeal."
"I'm sure if someone read your twitter and then met me, they would be disappointed on several accounts"
"Just started listening to them and they are real good"
"5pm on Sunday and the place is hoppin. Come see wassup!"
"If my boss had twitter. . . . But he doesnt"
"Creative day, but brain dead now, time for cup of tea, biscuits and the new Sherlock Homes."
"Wait...ALL drinks here are $4??? Domestic drafts? Bottled imports? Shots? Mixed drinks?"
"I just looked out the window only to see that my neighbors have their Christmas tree up already. Are you kidding me?"
"Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter! Nick Dillon, Shanah Delacy, and Josephine Jackson! Welcome to the NBMBAA family!"
"I'm listening to Hopsin and my sister is convinced it's Eminem. Hahaah."
"Cool to see that I meet the time qualification standard for guaranteed entry into the Houston half marathon."
"**Teaser** Who likes free bumper stickers?"
"And if I am I can't be too complicating"
"Just watched the video of my first fight, it still makes me all nervous😁"
"Christopher get it together!"
"Dharun Ravi was an ADULT in college who KNEW BETTER than to film his roommate in a private situation."
"Thanks for giving us something worth the RT! Keep up the good work!"
"is this peter or yanzee?"
"Happy Mother's Day!"
"You need to have a talk with your boss. Kinda surprised by the level of misinformation in your shop."
"oh yes, meth. the other sonoma export. but is it organic?"
"I'm sorryy!!!"
"Waiting on rain to go away to finish the very last scenes for shoot"
"#AtNumber1GirlTour moms gone bring dey 5 yr old kids -_- LADY LEAVE YO DAMN KIDS AT HOME! Tryna act like u dere 4 dem *cough* cougar *cough*"
"\"I might kiss the Austin sidewalk when this shuttle stops at ACC.\""
"aww it makes me miss y'all :) I no longer need massive amounts of caffeine to survive. Funny how using time management skills help."
"yes B lol I fucks with him more than Tyler ."
"RT : I didn't just freakin stop. The motor blew up. I can't help it. Was trying to get to pit road."
"Appreciate your article at PCMag on the Global Internet Speedup initiative!"
"who wants me to be weird and give you guys my role play like a boss???? lol"
"There are some days when it's nothing but work wall to wall, and it might be hard, but you have to remember - someday it will be worth it."
"Give us your Mental, Your Barmy, Your Gotham masses yearning to be Green. Join & Support in #NYC. #RCTID No Pity Coast to Coast!"
"Yeah. It was very quick. I only had time to check once, but we were on pace with AP. I'd call the BOE, for sure!"
"the more I see what is saying the more I think he has absolutely no clue about anything"
"U Think You The Shit Since I Cut My Dreads Off Bt Its Coo with"
"Still working on the Camerata calendar issues -- continue sending event info directly to me for now. :-("
"Interesting to see if Scott Tolzien will be the number 2 to Phillip Rivers at the start of the season."
"Jason, too funny! And don't forget the hand sanitizer..."
"thats right and glad to see you on here..need some good laughs!"
"Getting my nails done in the morning with my Ma!"
"lmao u dumb"
"I had no idea they had kids shoes at the Fox in RWC thought it was just concerts!"
"I'd appreciate it if they were shirtless. Just saying."
"I don't even know if only they were ugly then life would be easier"
"I see you! I will say hi during intermission. : ) LOVE this theater!!!!"
"I've been telling everyone that you're my grandpa. Hope that's ok :)"
"i hope so! I still need to get a picture :o"
"RT TONIGHT 10HRS OF FUN IT'S ON!"
"Making new friends..."
"It rains shattered glass in my art room, literally..."
"Just experienced some of the worst #customerservice I've had in awhile. More tempted to take my Platinum business elsewhere"
"thank you :)"
"You are too cute. Let's lunch soon. Thinking about how I can weave his piece into future writing. -"
"Thanks for the"
"There are coconut M&Ms? My life...its being summed up in words."
"I heart #Scandal. Remember when t.v. was both well written and acted?"
"no sleep O.o"
"Big thanks to for having us out at the Grand Opening of store 500. Thanks also for the $2000 donation! Follow"
"What would you do if you win #megamillions? It's sure nice to dream. Sadly, odds are greater I'll get eaten by a giant python."
"It's raining in Madison, be prepared for indoor practice if weather doesn't clear up."
"I can't wait to see it!! Sounds amazing! :D"
"shut up lol u welcome tho :-)"
"Let's go boys 7:33 of hard football left"
"Thanks for the tip! Just started following"
"Watching the food network getting ideas for mother's day brunch"
"Watching \"Area 51 Declassified\" on National Geographic Channel. Just fascinating stuff."
"5,000 4x6 Postcards Only $169 - Mention Tweet and Get 100 12x18 Color Posters! Check out our site www.800printingnyc.com"
"interesting. Would recommend it?"
"Good stuff \"Squarepusher\" I'm hooked on something heavier at the moment \"DJ Acucrack\""
"Oh I understood it (I tweeted lol) but had to add more....."
"follow on his summer journey ... nyc will miss him this summer."
"very cool! Once a Simpsons fan, always a Simpsons fan"
"you sure?"
"“: One more spoon of cough syrup now, uhooh” thirsty.. Wednesday?"
"working on selling some stuff today. bookcases, entertainment center, cabinets, wine rack, etc. posting on craigslist like mad!"
"Malzahn used to be the OC @ UofA but left for Tulsa b/c of tensions between him and the athletic department don't think he wants that again"
"Looking for new business? We've passed over $125k this year - not including Q3. Take part, shoot me a message -"
"Going to do our office in this stuff so we can kid-proof our school! So neat!!"
"Does Anyone Feel Like Giving Me 1,000,000 $ So I Can Get All New Clothes.?(:♥"
"I know! and it will be awesome if movie coupons jump out at the same time :)"
"Can't Wait For Another Live Chat With Ari <3"
"Ok, so leg waxing- not that bad & if it actually lasts a month- worth it! :)"
"Answer: Buffalo. Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo, buffalo Buffalo buffalo. Correction: it's eight times."
"OMG I'M SO EXCITED FOR DC TOMORROW!!! -__- The only shit I've been hearing all day.."
"Twitter Is So Lame... I Cant Wait For My Bestie To Get One... Oh Wait She Does..."
"Had to stop to watch espn in a residents room lol daily."
"Frozen margarita on cinco de drinko sounds good to me"
"ugh I wish! I can't wait to see you for part of summer! :)"
"This really on repeat ... Thank U"
"The Super Mystery Jackpot song contest is starting over $50 Jackpot. 1st clue: this song is from the 90's"
"Awesome! I will be waiting!"
"RT woohoo! Friday is the start to a great family weekend!"
"It don't matter who you are, it is so simple 🎶"
"RT : I need some dick ... BIG THICK DICK :/"
"Yhur gonna need me before I need u"
"ok, you convinced me."
"Thanks so much for your support!! :)"
"hope to meet you in Florida sometime bc i live here maybe you could come to the brandon mall and see all your Florida fans"
"definatley...first dream on my list...LOL"
"Tomorrow is Friday the 13th"
"you mad cause I don't love you back. Come on now."
"Had a great time today at Art at the Gardens! Thanks Christiellen W and Eric Borremans!"
"Granger: \"But it's on both of our shoulders. I have to be more vocal...we have to communicate better.\""
"People change & love dies. You're never good enough & don't know why. Time passes & things go wrong, but just remember life goes on"
"How does some weird tweet come from my name over and over?"
"it's fictional, so it's awesome!"
"Don't doubt that (he tweets about bars/clubs all the time), but if it was for something minor, it won't be a season suspension."
"Golf courses look especially extravagent and out of place from the air."
"All men should dress like #DonDraper <3 :-)"
"Sick of hearing hetero-negative rants when I tell other gays I prefer going to straight EDM clubs. I go off & lecture them when I hear shit."
"He is all ice and wooden faced acrobatics. ~ Percy Wyndham Lewis about Wystan Hugh Auden"
"Im just #NotFeelingIt !!!!"
"RT : #rockies are back"
"My dad just called me a brat. SMH."
"Quick Tip! If your house floods and important books get wet, throw them in the freezer then call and we will restore them."
"Is the head tax based on the length or the girth of the business? Vote #OlFloppyArms for #MayorOfChicago!"
"Hugo has the most nominations? Really?"
"Thank you, Chip!!"
"So very excited to have an opportunity to see in a few weeks! Their new building looks absolutely gorgeous."
"Going to the gym for a late night workout session!"
"Agreed. RT : I would rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not. - Lucille Ball"
"Show you right"
"This game 7 on saturday bruh..."
"Crazy night....esgar where u at?? Lol"
"I feel like this is gonna be bad..."
"Hah! Now you've got me going down the rabbit hole of 's blog :-)"
"I just took a BS test."
"There is no such thing as ugliness. Everyone can be beautiful in their own way. (:"
"Nothin but a bully"
"meatballs and ranch dressing, topped with pizza rolls. And cheese."
"Uncompfortable and heel find openings devin will get frusterated and try too brawl and get caught by left hook and kod war madana!"
"hey nice meeting you and your friend we should have hung out y'all having fun at the RP resort"
"I've been waiting forever for #DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER I love you Leland!<3"
"oh yeah it was great!"
"at the crib getting my 352 on"
"Excited to have former Wyoming Gov in my eco dev meeting this morning talking about WV's proposed future fund."
"No power in my SSJ neighborhood."
"I feel a major sunburn coming on...totally worth it."
"YAY!!!! Congratulations :) We'll be home tomorrow at some point.. haha"
"I would call Nancy she has all the connections."
"weekends should be longer"
"Tonight in her own polite beccaish way....said my face is getting fat."
"I haven't had hope for these kinds of situations for years. Nice guys finish last."
"And I wish I dreamt more."
"demo-ing prepackaged Google searches that do *Filter by Reading Level*"
"I been on doz. Lake & Forest is like behind the fairgrounds. The entrance is only a few minutes outside of Brownstown."
"My biggest pet peeve now a days.... Immaturity in a serious conversation."
"Hopefully spending the day with the incredible tomorrow. <3 video games all day? Yep."
"Hey hon what happened???"
"banned from the game? My Lord, I don't even want to know how bad you have to be"
"Now you're just somebody that I used to blow ♬"
"Who's New Year's resolution is to live healthier and get fit? I can help you with if so! Get in contact with me!!!"
"Seems to be ===> do you mean Wine for the Confused?"
"NIAAAALLLL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?"
"I'm so proud of Austin :') when he's on stage receiving his Grammys imma be here proud to say I supported him from the start"
"I'm super excited for the show!"
"Senators trooping to mic to support literacy bill before final Senate vote."
"I LOVE MY WILDCATS! 💙"
"haha gee thanks"
"Supposed to be meeting with a student who is in desperate straits, but he didn't show."
"Zayn Malik I can be your Bonnie, you can be my Clyde. x"
"I Want a lala makeover lol."
"I forget what it's called. It's number 16 haha. Turkey BLT!"
"Hey! (reading program) 's Bryan Fonseca designed lights (that slash!) for ' \"Rebecca.\""
"In Jamaica, it must be really tough to tell whether they're talking about Gumby's horse buddy, or Pokemon."
"Timeline is a cool concept - but hopefully we see some more innovative ways to use Apps."
"I have no trust in you for all the shit you put me through."
"house hunters for hoarders....brilliant."
"we couldn't get tix to show tonight, but we're grilling up tasty kebabs 1/2 block away if you wanna stop by after."
"Need an interesting gift #FF our friends they can help you out! cc"
"Time to study for a little while."
"maybe just to see if he cared enough to appeal? if he doesn't, at least you're assured he wont be an opponent in the future..."
"Everyone I know is going to the fuse filming tomorrow lol. Damn it! can't you just have another concert soon?!"
"Know of any upcoming local music events? Let us know!"
"religion (and lack of) and gay rights. ^5!"
"im not sure i wanna go to ucla but idk if ill have the money.. idk yet its hard i need to find a good engineer program"
"What's my mom say right before she hangs up? \"Have a shot of tequila, and say hi to the dog for me.\""
"The what?!?"
"In every vital activity it is the path that matters."
"The #Party continues this weekend , \"Top Shelf #Bottomlesscup on Saturday, New Format, New #DJ's, the newest #music,"
"See, one gets #NOLA on the mind and #NY starts acting right."
"Just participated in #STL #indie reading flash mob at the"
"replied to one of my tweets to her!! I love your music:)"
"AND Pitt is coming off extra rest ha oh boy that might get ugly"
"didn't check myself, but I'd be scared to..."
"MOTHER : \"give me your phone\" YOU :* delete all messages* LOL :3"
"Oh logan square and your toddlers in Ramones t shirts."
"Is there a heaven for a G? I would like to know only thing is a nigga gotta die to know..."
"Looking for a good conference to go to this year any recommendations?"
"Doing the same for you. :)"
"Alright everyone! Help me out by tweeting and tell them to put me on the show ;) thanks!"
"me too and me either!"
"yay! fingers crossed that I can find something!"
"swear i feel like blowin but im not."
"That's not historically accurate!!"
"Any #cfobjective peeps attending my Automated Testing preso, DM me if you'd like slides and demo code now for a head start."
"Someone needs to tell that I tweet a lot and she is going to have to get use to it if she follows me ;)"
"that's good!"
"We are picking our contest winners now! We will announce the winners soon!"
"Lol okay enough. I'm sure non of y'all care. But I'm just so whiny today, gosh"
"im ready for wrestling..."
"I've seen friends turn haters..."
"Great timing! I've been cleaning out the closet today and was planning a donation trip. Thanks for keeping us in the loop."
"Irritated ...again"
"Against anyone else I'd agree."
"Very cool!"
"Follow me I follow back jack!"
"\"Just got a real strong feeling that someone was hurting and needed hope.\" ~ Solomon"
"I couldn't believe how quickly temps dropped yesterday afternoon. But supposed to be a fantastic weekend."
"Nice!! May you have a Blessed day as well :)"
"The only thing that's sure in this world is that LA will tow your car by 4:20 for parking in the anti-gridlock zone"
"FOLLOW ME PLEASE"
"lol seriously!!! He's stepped up this yr.. Smoak.. Not so much."
"Although it may not always be convenient, its important not to skip lunch so you can stay fueled through the afternoon!"
"you have to arrive pretty early to avoid the crowds, but my ranchero omelette was pretty awesome."
"Y'all are gonna need a bigger camera! RT : It's #ManlyFoodFriday... just reminding all of you out there. :)"
"stop tweeting before i have a laugh attack! Lol jk love u guys"
"Better yet how will all of these ppl with tats look in 40 to 60 years with tats on their face"
"just curious, what does 51/50 mean?"
"The kid next to me always smells like he showers in cologne."
"Totally agree RT I'd like to put a big red bow on the coffin of the guy who came up with those Lexus ads."
"At this moment Im standing in front of a Grecian urn that is over 2500 years old. Profound."
"And we're off to the Dells"
"pick up The Caliph's House! It's a must read!!"
"#10ThingsIFindAttractive When girls don't care about looks."
"Looking for an affordable way to make your home your dream home? Let Remodel America help you have the best looking house on the block."
"Do people actually like the commercials? Man that pig bugs me"
"an early #ff for because she promises to tweet more!"
"Me too!! Also the comics! Very cool stuff! 2 of my tatoos come from Firefly and Supernatural."
"I have no idea what hes doing friday, im meeting him next friday, idk what hes doing after?"
"ya he wanted to go last year but we missed it.. and just saw an ad for it at Walmart"
"why u so sexy?"
"I would leave my running shows at school -.-"
"I hate wen (→ME ←)people tweet Sumn STUPID ."
"it's brotha man!"
"Just got some tests from my #photoshoot w/ CK Photography. Given that it was on Cinco de Mayo & Supermoon night, they're NOT that bad. Haha!"
"Q1) Not much of a gamer. I did enjoy playing pinball when I was young...Okay, I still enjoy playing pinball."
"I'm gonna be in asia tomorrow. weird!"
"keys are no longer 'extensional' literal values or platform specific guids. #LinkedData replaces those relics with Hyperlinks."
"thank u for the follow. stay tuned to homelessdogmusic.com"
"i dont know why, but i could never get the lyrics to the kim possible theme song right..."
"Why is it you always feel so good after working out."
"thank u Lisa :)"
"Very well! We've had a great summer & are excited about the fall. All good with you?"
"thats going on my iPod! great song ;))"
"Somethin' 'bout Portland... :)"
"thanks! Sometimes I think there's a hive mind!"
"no actually it was you. Funny story"
"your sore because you worked out, right? ;)"
"Agreed but Cerrone can take a punch! RT : Great fight... I give Diaz all 3 rounds, Cerrone should've followed up the sweeps."
"Nice! I would have done the same. What kind is it? It is gorgeous!"
"not afraid to say i do it bc Lil Wayne does it"
"Snoop Dogg's voice>>>"
"On our way to Boston for PAX East! But first - waiting for the bus in Bangor."
"- great job this year, enjoy the summer...you sure love that blue line drop pass on the PP!"
"That awkward moment where you are standing by your crush and the hallway gets filled with kids and you guys have to stand even closer....."
"Go get one! lol <3 I love you! :D"
"Anyone watch football?"
"Turkey day today, shopping day tomorrow !"
"When I had a break in college I would get food or go on a stroll. Now I sit quietly in the dark hoping nobody knocks on my office door."
"Such wonderful support from Debra, Mary and the Team!! Thank you!!!"
"Tired as hell, this school year needs to end"
"So many people graduating damn!"
"it has to be red scale Columbian cocaine or else she just throws bitch fits and bites vaginas :/"
"Headed to for dinner. Yep. and I are adults."
"haha I don't read very much lol."
"So excited for this weekend with !! Thank god tomorrow is Friday"
"Pamyua (bum yo-ah): An Inuit word meaning: 1. The end or tail-end; 2. Encore or do it again. ("
"you shut upp."
"#FNFS sounds like a blast! But I'm having dinner with one of my former NU professors. Next week?"
"About time we get a sack!!!"
"Update on Huntington 5th Ave main break: Leak isolated and repairs underway. Only three customers affected. No further need to conserve."
"I hope u have a meet and greet or another concert in NY"
"oh, I take you seriously. I just have been busy w/ theory that I remembered I need to reread Berryman to remind me whats pretty"
"Think you can’t have fast and fresh? Think again. Taco Time’s veggies are chopped fresh and delivered daily."
"You're a gold star student!"
"gum balls yum"
"glad to be following <3"
"thanks for RT all of a sudden I have these BroScience tweeps following me. What is broscience?"
"BainCapital is the bane of my existence. They own Clear Channel who spouts the vile crap of Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Glenn Beck, etc."
"oh yeah!"
"It's hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse. ~ Adlai Stevenson"
"bro I got I got a good for y'all lmao"
"there needs to be an eye rolling emoji. I would use it all the time"
"We might as well avoid El Masons all together and just get drunk instead"
"Heard they r having trouble selling tix for ntl. TV TCU gm @ Jerry's world, risk of making the school look bad"
"JUS MADE ME FEEL BETTER WITH THAT VIDEO!"
"Had a great night with and her hubby"
"Now it's time to play some COD."
"There is no futur there is no past I live this moment as my last ( )"
"Who's watching some football and enjoying Rubicon beer? I am!"
"now that's funny! I never follow rules of society! I'd rather be an outlaw than an inlaw!"
"Lol RT : Overheard \"do you have to be gay to have some?\" \"i hope they know we aren't together\" \"for ice cream we are\""
"i was literally copying/pasting this as i saw this come in. wayne coyne is a such a nice. this is saying something…"
"Elk Bratwurst today! Try my new Blueberry, Chipotle n Garlic ketchup, and Red Onion, and Garlic Aioli"
"damn jay it will be kool nigga"
"Its amazing how this issue has to even be enforced. What's going on in the world we live in?"
"LOL. Thanks cousin dear for hurting me then not apologizing then making it worse by saying you want it to work and not trying to fix it."
"“: Coker granted release from #Iowa #Hawkeyes” fudge. Room for a big time recruit though! Immediate PT available."
"I need some shots shots shots shots..."
"RT : We wish our fans a happy new year, and a 2012 that is filled with enriching cultural experiences!"
"Wow! Anyone else in LA watching this insanely gorgeous sunset??"
"Gamel has already been injured more times than prince ever did."
"Thats sick bro buy me a a year of live :D"
"Lets go GIANTS🏆 bring it home"
"RT RT House Music is one of the best things man can create...."
"Is about to announce that 5 out of 5 mothers (ours) approve the use of Point Imaging as your visual marketing solutions provider!"
"Atleast come up with some NEW songs if you are gonna steal country music $"
"What did you shoot that video on? Great work."
"thank YOU!"
"hahaha AI for life"
"\"My grandpa got fired from his Wal-Mart greeter job because he told 2 women MerryChristmas.Of course,it was August& he didn't have on pants\""
"RT! \": Springsteen will never get old.\""
"Thinking about what college i wanna go to"
"It's almost 70 degrees this Feb. morning. Feels like I should be heading to the pool."
"' going to Greenville : )"
"4 since I been in the A, I bet my boy dray know what I'm talking about lol"
"Life is getting better, day by day."
"I signed!(:"
"I feel like being bad... I'm thinking burgers and fries."
"April 26: Happy Birthday to Carol Burnett!!! A TV legend and great comedienne"
"Initial version of presentations for Educause #E11_SESS063 posted. Feel free to make suggestions!"
"That was a brilliant and beautiful read. Thank you for sharing."
"Oh hell naw...this lady next to me just wiped her boogers with her hand and touched my armrest.. Im dead.."
"watching monsters Inc. and Akward :P flipping back and forthh... #MikeLazowski (: <3"
"When HASMT and 30 fire trucks greet your flight as it comes back to O'Hare, there's nothing to worry about, right?"
"On the road picking up my posters and some mo ishhh!!!"
"Any hint on season 5"
"My pleasure. Great post and you have me wanting to visit Oregon sooner rather than later!"
"but I respect ur position I just can not indorse it, sorry I see ppl hungry and hurting. #vote2012 may the better man win!"
"RT : Northern Illinois has just landed in Mobile. That's a sure sign that the GoDaddy Bowl is right around the corner!"
"Phew\": Covering the CU game for the NY Times.RT : ?\": I'm looking at a total rewrite on my story here\""
"i have a huge headache:/ was soo hungry and my mom saves the day by bringing home some pizza... Thank you Mom!!! lol its so yummy!!"
"Everything You Wanted To Know About Massage! Your questions will be answered!"
"lol yea how were the police"
"I said a hip, hop|Hippie to the hippie|The hip, hip a hop, and you don’t stop, a rock it|To the bang bang boogie, say, up jump the boogie"
"Keep following #GiveGlobal12 to stay up to date w/ The Conference today :) Lot's of talk about how to engage the"
"Brizzly is shutting down?!"
"have an Idea for fixing the oil spill in the gulf. Do you have an email I can send it to ?"
"yay Dragonbreath!!! Love Ursula, she's a good lady."
"I was suspicious about the article claiming meals become less and less healthy over the course of the day, but now I'm eating M&Ms."
"is rocking the Iowa Google Media Hub Hangout in Iowa. Who do I know in Des Moines?"
"Yeah, that was totally random. I'll probably be the first person in line to buy it, though :) Ahh, nostalgia."
"• I see a fair amount of minor leaguers with protected accounts, they almost always grant my 'follow' request, so why not?"
"that's what I said ☺"
"\"A friend is a gift you give yourself.\""
"Have a fun weekend!"
"There's a fat man in a kilt getting on the train at Montrose. It's never the lookers who wear kilts in public (save for wooster)"
"yes they do! That's why I love walking my kids to school."
"Yes but too many variables (technique, indication, prp concentration, #&freq of tx, etc) to make valid conclusions as of yet."
"so mad you went to Dance of the Decades haha."
"Local Underground Tent Party continues. Free wine tasting & glass purchases available."
"My sister better give me a neice!! jus sayin."
"need and r&b singer hit me up let me know"
"Did I actually just scream because the #PepsiCommercial finally loaded? Wtf?"
"I hate my job."
"The Faculty is trending. Love that flick. Been awhile since I've seen it."
"\"working 9-5, it's a way to make a living!\""
"i got that fire you got me open you dig it deeper we take it higher♥ #ArianaArmy ♥"
"I find Aldi's fruit and veg sub-standard so I no longer buy it"
"Gov. Brownback wants to increase the tax burden on the 99% and then lower the burden on the 1%. And if I complain...that is class warfare??"
"well I'm just glad he gonna get famous but I just wanted to meet him at least once:("
"I thought I would die without him. It turns out I wasn't alive with him."
"Very pleased to get all the classes I wanted for Winter Term. Looking forward to the Brian Bendis graphic novel class."
"just got off #tired af.!!"
"All I have to say is"
"is it normal for me to have not understood most of that? If your keyboard is missing keys, let me know and I'll mail them to you."
"great pizza piece in nytimes food section today.... just sayin'"
"Just registered for the RBMS pre-conference in San Diego in June. Add in the Anaheim conference, and it's a long stint in southern Cal!"
"Fuck school.. Cant i just call it quits right now"
"Was god wit it everybody"
"I think this article confuses shyness and introversion to some extent. I do agree with a lot of what it says though."
"So excited about the event today. Can't wait!"
"Add me on oovoo"
"Ladies, read my last post! if your boyfriend has been doing that! Thank me later ;)"
"RT : To kiss and tell, its just not my style. -Keith Urban"
"I call dibs on at least one if you get multiples ;)"
"Totally. Apparently, we were enemies because he had a crush on me. It started young."
"Mfs b lying stupid hard"
"meh... but it's probably the closest I'm going to get! Damn you internet!"
"#free tebow. Tim just think of this as a way to inspire more kids in a different town. Your work in denver will not be forgotten"
"can't wait to show you my scar!"
"Thanks to all who came out and made the Viral premiere such a success. We'll be posting the music video online; stay tuned!"
"that makes no sense.. And why'd you put a pig?"
"I'm so bed right now that you have no tired!! I'm going to idea."
"\"The world is as you are.\""
"Today's cooking class is filled with chocolate making techniques and each student gets to take home their lesson."
"saw the blimp over LA today. flashing back to many HangarOne Mandarin-fueled memories"
"is busy directing traffic"
"thanks for the tip I will pass this along to Pappy with PappysBaits on FB. He pours some wicked plastics!"
"2300 at first break unreal run of cards. lets turn it around n catch some double ups next round"
"When y'all coming to NY?"
"Handled that ishh! Take that"
"I think it would \"REEK WITH AWESOMENESS\" if my dad was !"
"Overheard in Jury Room: \"I didn't realize how much E. Fourth Street has been revived.\" Wake up, Cleveland!"
"If you can't handle what's real Thats a personal issue just don't bring it my way"
"Want to be interviewed by Bay News 9 en Espanol? Tweet back ASAP. About Trayvon and social media."
"Live every second like it was my last one."
"Its Election Day in Miami-Dade County. Polls are now open. Do your part to improve our communities. Vote for Carlos Gimenez"
"screw you logo quiz!"
"Just heard a great #worldbooknight story from a giver - he took his books to a halfway house and the recipients got tears in their eyes"
"It's not coming out for any phones prior to the Pre2. Bad news on a good news day."
"Im sorry your \"twitter life\" isnt amazing and your going to leave but i rly dont give a shit do what you want!"
"is awesome! They made it easy to recycle my old gadgets, and I even got a little $ for one. YAY!"
"it's 84 degrees outside and i'm on twitter"
"Brinkley for a first. 13 yard pickup"
"learning omeka, feeling empowered to archive."
"#thursday #breach ☀"
"Thanks - appreciate it! RT : More #FF love"
"i want to go to the panthers game against bruins next month so bad!!"
"Dear baby Jesus, please keep me and my coworkers safe on the roads today."
"I'm just on my shit!"
"Tried leaving a comment on yr blog, don't know if it worked. Suggest mentioning TinEye (reverse img search) in Ebay feedback."
"in the studio"
": We need to figure out the connective tissue necessary to link engagement and rigor"
"I have one that lives in my closet :P"
"that's pretty cool."
"Columbus Ohio!"
"your idea of going to LA isn't a bad idea.. Beaches, sun.. Can't go wrong there."
"Unfollowed for: RT \"How 'little blonde' girls came to be...equated with innocence and how dispels the stereotype\""
"We just had to dress my dad; it's like he's a little kid. Only the Jay family hah"
"Perfect way to start my Holiday Vaca! Signed with a new manager and booked a recurring role in a webseries! :D"
"Oh that's easy - The Naked Gun and Lord of the Rings, thrown in a blender with professional basketball and the internet."
"#BeautifulWeather Open today and tomorrow from 12-6pm. Bring family & friends, or come alone if you've had enough of them :) Cheers!"
"#affiliate #internet So What here are 4 simple steps to success online? 1.have a free offer 2.continuity 3.converting page 4.great backend"
"Escape from the doctor's office complete. Now it's time to figure out how far behind that left me."
"lol I bet!! When are you coming back stateside?"
"It still would've been better with an elephant"
"Just Noticed that I Sleep just Fine when I'm in NY but Noo here in FL I can't sleep fer Shitttt !"
"He day has finally come. Time to see in #theraven with !! Hope it's all we dreamed it would be!"
"Ur never running too late to brush ur teeth & wash ur face....NEVER"
"Home in time to watch #Heat play :)"
"Heat fans don't exist until the team is winning. When the chips are down they retreat into their holes."
"congrats on the pick up...I love the show"
"NSAI is so great to us interns. For our last week of the semester, we had a wonderful lunch with some really funny convo!"
"Now that you mention it..."
"Charles De Gaulle~ In politics it is necessary either to betray ones country of the electorate. I prefer to betray the electorate."
"The only thing I am buying today is some peace of mind"
"Brokenness is a a twofold problem with one solution. The Father is the master repairman. You cannot be fixed by anyone better!"
"All I know are goodbyes nowadays."
"Appreciate it! Did you have a chance to check out the music?"
"The Grizzlies reaction now..."
"Planet Eclipse"
"do u guys kno who austin mahone is"
"Video stream!??! I'm excited!"
"I am What I am With saying that I wouldn't be ME!!!"
"beach. beach. beach"
"Happy #Thanksgiving everyone, hoping you have a wonderful day!"
"I don't think u have to affirm everyone. If you have to fire someone they will never hear your affirmation."
"man when i become known.. im gonna fuck with ppl so much! lol, illuminati jokes and shit.. i hope i offend ppl.. lmaoo"
"Thanks for the milk and cookies! Super yums!"
"Here comes the #rain again, falling on my head like a #mammory... Falling on my head like a new emotion..."
"Firm Solutions Unlimited a BPO service provider specializing in law firm back-office solutions. website: www.firmsolutionsltd.com"
"can u dm them for me too"
"RT : Last thing on specially UK fans. Do you not realize you get EVERY recruit you want? New age, spoiled fans. Shame on you"
"I feel like you guys just dont understand man"
"We're playin' our songs... when the sun comes down :)"
"I hear a Tosa TweetUp is in the works. Are you participating?"
"Nicely said!!!!"
"Decent chance I have permanent hearing loss"
"I'm sorry my English isn't verry good, because I'm from Holland. :$ And I'm 14 years old. :$"
"NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?x"
"I will."
"always thankful for what i have i am truley blessed."
"I left the office so I could work on the couch. Still working though!"
"learned today that some politicians know more history than history professors. hmm. darn shame I wasted all those years getting a PhD."
"our pleasure!"
"I just checked in on TouchTunes at south park abbey's Juke Box...."
"Sittin on the shitter talkin to in the stall next to me haha dude cracks me up"
"A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others ~ Ayn Rand"
"I can do it! I have all the gear"
"What a great thing to do!"
"Cat bagpipes"
"Back from #Boston, what a great week of learning from some of the best trial lawyers in the country! Wish I had a trial today!!!"
"Young check ya email"
"Oh the shit I would do to be back in Chicago and go back to about a year ago"
"LOL was somebody up even later than me?!"
"Hey you! I just received your thank you for Steven's Birthday. How are you? Hope you're having an amazing year. HUGZ!!!"
"How many of you can say you've walked the ?"
"Disagree both on recruiting efforts, and that you somehow \"know\" what Maryland coaches know"
"A joke is only funny when you are the only one who gets it"
"i had to pay to get back in Ning but I am happy I can buid this place nowisw kind of bare still"
"“: You and I have as many MLB home runs this spring as Albert Pujols.”"
"DC: Graham winning in the ward one polls? What ever happened the the honorable TEDDY LOZA? What's up with that?"
"Thanks to the fantastic #SouthAfricanTourism team for a great #INDABA2012. See you next time."
"HE JUST REPLIED TO YOU! :D"
"#Diabetes Diabetes Wound and Foot Care With diabetes, a simple cut or scrape can turn into a serious infection. Here’s what you need to kno"
"Congrats to for beating Cena tonight !"
"We wish all of the students at a happy last day of classes! Finals begin on Monday; good luck!"
"After effects is my new best friend...got a project to turn in...next week positive thoughts I got this.."
"Thanks to everyone at the MAKOS Spring Invitational Swim Meet at GMU - we loved serving you Maui Wowi smoothies!"
"I can't giv u what u want, when I don't kno what that is..."
"The neighbors have officially started complaining about the volume of music in this bar. \"Regulators, mount up.\""
"Working on red cup stuff for some athletic offices. Facebook is telling to recruits. How many red cups are associated with your team?"
"Good look mayne"
"Seems like I always had crushes on chicks I couldnt have… And then I end up effin’ with someone I shouldn’t have"
"yes...yes you are."
"Fair enough. You're missing out though! Hope to see you again soon."
"clearly it's mother nature moving on to being self-aware"
"“: I love seeing people I absolutely adore. Great weekend so far.” Meg took the word out of my mouth"
"Anyone interested in two tickets to #HHA tomorrow? You'd be sitting with the FABULOUS staff!"
"i want to kiss him on his little head. Is he doing better?"
"door&on how hard you pound and with what.Sledge works well w hardwood door,ballpeen on hollow core,tank on steel"
"Best line in that movie!"
"I can't message ppl who aren't following me. But pry so."
"#ReplaceEminemSongWithShady love the way you shady"
"Happy Valentine's Day everyone! Remember it's about love, not just romantic love. Appreciate everyone that's nice to you and show them!"
"I miss you too!! How's everyone doing?? :)"
"Lotus Festival from is up next. \"Your wristband is like a passport to the world,\" says the presenter."
"Ready to forget about jobs and graduating for a few days and just spend time with friends"
"Trust-Based Parenting DVD, pre-order for $45, regular price will be $65. Visit www.child.tcu.edu and select DVD Sales."
"Can we skip to Monday and get the next couple of days completely eliminated? Great thanks."
"The higher the objective on Bloom's Taxonomy, the more time you should spend developing the activity."
"Salmon Recipes the Whole Family Will Enjoy These salmon recipes will not only keep your heart going strong, they'll tempt your taste buds"
"Using #HTML5 Boilerplate version 3 for a responsive QR code landing page."
"that's awesome Dunham!!!!"
"ask for Brian or Megan!!"
"My tires are supposed to arrive tomorrow!"
"#Behr just came out with a mobile app. It can take a picture and do color matching all on your phone. Nice!"
"nigga i didnt wanna walk it looks ugly ass hell outside, i missed the bus & no one could of taken me -- late arrival."
"RT : RT : Ain't No Telling How This Story Might Play Out, Hopefully It's A Good Ending..."
"Aww, thanks! It really was a wonderful surprise. :) Another time!"
"I went in on these TTs today ._."
"Phase delta 1 is a go, but every thing else is rescheduled"
"don't even watch it..."
"I apologize for all the YouTube upload notifications. I was creating playlists and didn't think it was going to autoshare everything I did"
"damn that's good. What's that from."
"#SXSW highlight: Bumping into Win Butler of & talking about & #Haiti \"we're gonna keep doing it for 40 years\""
"Awkwardness reduction plan failed. Ah panic, panic!"
"I'm playing black ops"
"I feel like that guy in"
"Thanks for the great opportunity to speak! Great event! Thanks for the delish breakfast!"
"twitter viruses bringing people together"
"you never know how much someone means to you until their gone..."
": Is it true that Doctor Who is filming there today?? Spill!"
"Smelling a silent but deadly fart all the way home on a crowded bus...sums up my day perfectly."
"it was very sad day but I know she is in a better place now."
"dude...we were born 30 years too late..."
"no. I would keep all the money for myself. Sorry about your luck ."
"more play than work..."
"Aww, thank you! Looking forward to tweeting with you."
"-- plus I like the Dickinsonishness of it: C19, am."
"Hi, I'm interested in participating in your podcast. I have an anti-bullying film, \"FRIENDS, screening April 28 @ 11am"
"Thank You"
"RT : Congratulations, Jim &Team:)"
"The events unfolding in Egypt are remarkable and could have a profound impact on the region and the world. Are you following it?"
"where? Come drink."
"Today is my 8 year #nyc anniversary! I love this city."
"I wanna do #jewstands instead of work:("
"On the plus side, I leapt in to assist with explanations; now it seems my supervisor has more appreciation for me. Getting better? Could be."
"I came up with an awesome twist for my new story on the drive to work today!"
"“: First Cutthroat Pale Ale, what the f have I been thinking waiting this long to try, fantastic beer” Thanks !!!"
"If trying to impress girl near the milks at Starbucks, which milk to choose? I think 1/2 & 1/2; shows you're committed but not to labels."
"Arianna Huffington never ceases to surprise me w/ her contradictions, yet she sure can point 2 others, right?"
"yes, yes! Beta Phi Mu is hosting an informal happy hour @ Hilton bar 5-6. Come over before bookcart"
"G-Men moving the ball downfield.. prepare for frostingpants."
"Who knew Disney played homeward bound at 4:30?! My absolute fav movie of all time! 🐱🐶"
"Just tweeted to , who I'd never met, and they were sitting literally right next me. Cosmic mischief."
"Rockin' out with my... er, something out. Can't think of a rhyme."
"NICE! I was at church and missed it. THANKS FOR HAVING MY BACK!!!"
"not gay. Just a very very tiny penis. LIke, it would fit on a fairy."
": I worked in a small museum where the silence felt oppressive - Music can activate the space if the exhibit calls for it."
"I'm at work right now, trust me, I feel your pain."
"you certainly have more than one person. <3"
"So it looks like everybody's pregos again. Dam people we are about to be china"
"I dnt wanna fall for someone who's too busy for me"
"Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated."
"Clarence are you gloating?"
"Hey Chicago! Who will we see at the AP Tour at The House of Blues tomorrow?"
"Malik Monday. No its Maslow Monday"
"I might call off work. I really don't have the heart to cancel my date with my mom."
"Movie recommendation is Bill Paxon in suspense thriller \"Frailty\""
"Beautiful sunny day out! =)"
"How do you decide which events you want to attend? What are the decision-making factors?"
"Lisnin to music til I fall asleep"
"Exporting 'red book' master of Hersch's \"Last Autumn: Book One\" direct from Ardour. Is there anything my GNU/Linux audio system *can't* do?"
"what are you paying attention too when you are socially conscious? Inside & outside relationships, what is appropriate social form"
"haha love you too bud.(:"
"actually trying to go to the Nuggets game. :) and you?"
"Does anyone know of any sources about the retention and attrition of school librarians? Academic, news, anecdotal or otherwise"
"Halfway through the week! #HappyHumpDay folks. Wednesday's always make me want to wear business shorts :)"
"thank u for the S/O"
"pretty good :)"
"Good Morning! :D"
"you have any of that Fultons pumpkin harvest liquor?"
"All 3 of us Temporary Services people are here in NYC for 's Living As Form show (hosts of MARKET!). Opens Saturday 9/24!"
"woodmans is freeking awesome.... Make sure you go with a few hours to spare... It's huge"
"Hi Matt!! Droppin by to say hi. Hope you and yours are well and, that you're having a great week. Take care and best wishes bro"
"Download our new FREE APP for iphone & android called california vip!"
"it was during the \"civic engagement in science\" talk. Kate Atkins was showing a table of first sightings."
"dropped a metal pole on my face from the attic.."
"Just got some bad news. Trying not to cry or worry.. Praying praying praying"
"so you look like tony the tiger??? Lol perhaps expired dye wasn't the best idea?"
"This Clarissa girl is a goddess."
"what happened to your car ?"
"How many of you would love to be able to buy all of the desserts (cookies, cakes, candy, ice cream, pies, juices, etc) in a Walmart store?"
"HOT!!! RT“: Time magazine spoof cover. You breastfeeding Gold. #tweetsfromlastweek”"
"Nice! See you at the #Fosterly event!"
"Sitting up against United Center....soaking up the sun. Don't wanna go inside........(that darn rent.)"
"Damn the bartender at the dirty dog bar just gave us jello shots made with everclear. \"I GOT A FEELING\" \"THAT TONIGHTS GONNA BE A GOOD NITE\""
"Belief in yourself is the cornerstone to success in life and business. Keep smiling."
"one of these new trash rappers I was looking up had one album w one single but a greatest hits album -_-"
"Bring on the berries - ProduceRetailer"
"A big weekend for mma"
"Love reviewing Google Analytics reports for clients and wondering why ppl from the other side of the world visit TX political sites..."
"The guy that invented back pack leashes for kids should be forced to wear one & see how he likes it..."
"Hi Lauren! Great to meet you as well. See you around the #puttytribe!"
"Oregon Trail is da BOMB!"
"Last night's concert at Westmoreland Jazz Society was so amazing! Can't wait to play there again!"
"About to hear Paul Gillin present in Chicago on social media for b2b."
"Girls, next time you're feeling bad about yourself, remember there are homeless men that would holler at you in a second."
"Manning is a perennial playoff qb, the Colts sucked at building a team around him. DEN will give him a lot more to work with"
"post pix, post pix"
"what's been good with cha?"
"I don't know If I have ever mentioned this but I love so much."
"Come see me on Monday morning and I will be happy to help you and clear things up. I'll also send out a senior phone call."
"Viber just gave me a notification asking me to send you a welcome text! So proud of you for making the switch :D"
"why r u the only guy who understands this???"
"Im not really into cowboys but sometimes a few make my head turn"
"Who has a playstation3"
"Lmao I'm hilarious."
"Its Raining :) -A"
"What did you give up for lent? Honestly. For real. Really."
"...i just realized i completely skipped guitar lessons friday..."
"scared money don't make money. I spend it"
"I'm bored. D:"
"How do we go about hosting a fundraiser at ur location? Individual guidelines at each location? Should I just go into one & ask?"
"see ya tomorrow you sexy people, hope you have a great evening, have a drink for me (cuz I dont drink)"
"“ Some people say were too young for love. But i dont think so .”"
"is there a reason for $5.89 a gallon?? How's your ass feel Mr. Spade? Lol"
"Listening to Miley Cyrus and Taylor Swift on the way to Cortland. The joys of roadtripping with"
"ur database needs a life alert."
"I'm Tired Af . Ugh"
"Matt Kemp finished better than Kevin Durant tonight. No doubt walk off bomb. MLB > NBA"
"Yhu Make Beats ?"
"Amazing programs to engage staff + visitors , Ellis Island & others helped by"
"Just finished our Session at big orange! Thanks to Matt and for everything! Follow us for updates!"
"all 3 of us have skin skin and skin!"
"That's fantastic -- welcome to the ROC! #ur2016 RT : Officially enrolled in university of rochester's class of 2016"
"Older is always better..."
"Laura Chenel is the cheese maker Sorry for the delay in reply"
"Hart has wheels tonight! Whoo hoo!"
"Look I cant even mention erybody here right now. S/O to"
"hack your twitter !!!(;"
"Merry Christmas Everyone!!"
"cant decide if i should celebrate cinco de mayo at taco bell or qdoba tomorrow..."
"RETWEET IF YOU WANT A FOLLOW BACK ... ( Follow he will follow you back )"
"What spill? RT : Wow, anyone remember the gulf spill? Was like 8 months ago? Huge disaster? Yeah, didn't think so."
"How Many turnovers the clips gonna get *SMH*"
"your keyboard is having a seuzure"
"Talent is like time way too precious to waste. Finish 2011 strong!!!!"
"sweet dreams LOL"
"3 (ish) mile run during lunch and then hip hop class. I am exhausted."
"National Police backs national ID system - Business Mirror"
"not much, afterall only 72% of Americans support the law..."
"Much love to my tweeps!"
"Goodluck to and for the cutest canine in America contest! You have my vote :)"
"To fit in, I ordered a soy raspberry mocha. But I still believe that's a fat people's drink."
"agree! Awesome!! They all sounded amazing!"
"Eric, I also highly rec Billy T Jones' \"Fondly Do We Hope, Fervently Do We Pray\" project - breathtaking & enlightening."
"Wow. Just saw a crazy tweet and when I looked the guy up, he had 23,355 tweets. Congratulations crazy dude! Way to put your heart into it."
"2 weeks of Insanity left for me, then it's off to Hawaii before Beachbody Summit!"
"DM me your email address and I will get further information sent ASAP, thanks!"
"We are indeed. Head up Pan American east from Montgomery and we are before Jefferson."
"Who's going to slice night tonight?"
"love jamming, great mood Happy Valentine's Day to all Muah!"
"tough one. so far i'm not extremely bullish on either. but not sure"
"Advance Wealth 's MD holding a webinar this April Leading independent financial advisors, Advance Wealth are holding a web-based seminar"
"Remember our God is an awesome God! Miracles still exists!"
"Wow. Could this day get worse?"
"Il est fait! Visiting Columbus June 29-July 1!! cc & anyone else who will be around! @"
"I think you're idea of an automated semicolon debate is a good one. Then maybe people will stop wasting their time on this topic"
"CNN International live streaming Syrian crackdown. Reminds me of Libya. Wait. Aren't we still there? War Powers Act anyone?"
"Getting ready to make Saturday supper: chicken feta/spinach sausages, quinoa, & sauteed kale w/ garlic. What kind of wine would go best?"
"#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people chomp their gum like damn cows"
"Welcome everyone! Thank you for joining bartenderme.com!!! We will be continuing to update the site, bring the hottest events to you-Andrew"
"John, you put the 'shiv' in chivalry brother!"
"Thought it was funny, but he missed key point: it's publishers who categorize books.YA has produced lit. classics."
"Thanks for the +K!"
"Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if it's broken, but you can still see the crack in that reflection."
"We have the best new website! (And it's linked to Twitter!) ubakpsi.org"
"Have a safe and happy holiday, join us at Jillian's for bowling, billiards & fun! We're open tonight until 2 and we'll reopen tomorrow at 5!"
"ok then?"
"I wonder if they will say it was #Roids or #Concussions as the cause of depression/suicide"
"HaPpY SaTuRdAy night everyone!"
"Watching glee again because my two favorite boys sing and !!!! I love dvr"
"Anybody thinking about picking up Lollipop Chainsaw?"
"oh papers - why do you keep coming?"
"Wake up"
"#Obsessions Tonight Mykko Montana Live! #FWM ((a"
"Dear : Do you intend to compensate me for the use of my image for your profile?"
"De que parte de Colombia ?"
"In retrospect, when you said \"rally\" you clearly meant: go down throwing wild elbows and ripping off your jersey as you leave court."
"We found the key now, of course! :)"
"Dont blame the police. Cops aint paid enough, aint given respect, aint protected from the NRA's cop killer bullets. Police are the 99%."
"We are happy to welcome Felicia Escobar & Julie Rodriguez from the White House to have an immigration conversation with #nafsaAD advocates!"
"Thanks so much for allowing us to speak at your meeting! We really appreciate it!"
"Hey , we should talk about an internship program we're planning for the summer!!"
"can i get a"
"I won't speak for the quoran but jesus taught nothing but love. The new testament invalidated a lot of the old."
"Thought for the week: Make God bigger."
"So what do you all think? Should I make this youtube channel for my drumming?"
"Asking about Return on Investment is the wrong question today. You should be asking about Return on Involvement.- Saatchi & Saatchi CEO"
"Hate wen men do my pedis...they r to rough on my precious feet :-("
"Just got more expensive to challenge a competitor's Ad. B/NAD increase fee from $3,500 to $5,000 (for non-partner, fee is $6,000 - $20,000"
"Someone get their nails done with me(:"
"hahahahahha amen sister!"
"I mean, it did take place a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away."
"Keep on spreading the word on Coop's BBQ! We aim to provide delcious, authentic BBQ to as many people as we can!"
"\"New Year, New Me!\" -Every girl tonight"
"RIP Whitney"
"ya your parent a are coming. And ya i think that might be what we are doing."
"I agree. RT Someone just asked what my placement % rate was. I just said \"yes\"."
"omg please stop! I'm getting rather hungry!"
"Johnson grew up poor and saw the danger of income inequality. He also knew how to drive congress."
"glad you are enjoying yourself. Try the Sweaty Betty Blonde! Yum"
"Omg I'm freaking out! Did they seriously jut kill Claus on #vampire diaries ! I loved him =("
"did someone say theatre? What is this :) ? We've been talking bout an outing for awhile now"
"TONIGHT 90.7 8pm \"Pack of Lies\" a #ColdWar thriller, wIll leave u asking: what R the nice people next door really up to?"
"I still call my mom when I've had a bad haircut. #Don'tJudgeMe"
",Good Morning my friend"
"Wow, I can't believe Carroll Shelby died. A very sad day."
"yea without faith we have nothing! so are you ready for a warm holiday?"
"I'm sexy"
"Love hurts. Boys lie. Friends cry. People die. Parents yell. You always try. You're never good enough & you don't know why."
"Come to the wordcamp Seattle preparty @ Jillians (upstairs) All are welcome, even if you are not attending #wcsea (via )"
"Much need shot of East Coast today. Thx Bawston ;)"
"watched #TheVoice last night and saw you gettin your way with the girls, good job bro and goodluck to ya!!"
"great to hear...thanks!"
"Please follow =====> I'll follow back!"
"Yes, and... Who gave all these kids car keys?!?"
"Well looks like i'm on my way to somethg bigger & better...... College Booh"
"RT : Rinse. Lather. Repeat."
"Just met and saw his AWESOME comic, Pang. Gonna buy that when I get home. My bag is too small."
"I DOO :P"
"The Game Ain't Over 'Till The #LASERSHOW Swings!"
"good. I hate training alone lol"
"That little action took so much off , Smiled for the first time in 19 hours. Literally felt my heart loosen up, like it had been constricted"
"we plan to open late May/early summer. Hope to see you then"
"We hope you will be in the parade this year!! You are a fan favorite!"
"You're getting your panties in a wad because I retweeted something that I agreed with?You should look into getting thicker skin"
"\": Follow ! Don't block me, I'm already following you. xoxo\" why would I do that?"
"Finally done watching vinny and bianca's with alessandra ustream! Omg! So funny! The best one ever!! :D <3 SHOULDERSHINING! Like that?aha"
"Spring break = 50 min away!"
"I do too! They're filling up my feed nicely. I especially love how it looks in Tweetdeck w/the BW UI. It's 5pm somewhere."
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it."
"RT Do tall people have feelings?"
"Yeah, That's My Home."
"Then she had the nerve to sit at her desk like nothin is wrong...."
"did that.. All other channels working. Fsohio sd working, not hd and not the first time this has happened."
"RT : Join and other free-press folks for today's special #SunshineWeek #ASNEchat on govt transparency at 2pm EDT."
"I WANT TO GET ARRESTED if it's by backward cops under the false pretense that it's a sneaky way to give me free football or lotto tickets."
"he would walk in to a Great situation and move them to top 5 ..so can we get a special teams coach and an OC?"
"Whats your favorite Paging Grace song?"
"good morning, champ."
"Okay its turkey franks and stuffing flavored beans for me today."
"unwrapping some boss neon xmas ornaments. anyone want to donate a lavalamp for the top of our tree?"
"Yes but the still know your there!"
"trough twitter we started talking gave him number and its been like tht ya i dnt like anyone at school so only way i find my bfs jk"
"#StupidAutoCorrect...\"Know\" anyone?"
"Hi there. Any info on Panthers' Draft Watch parties Thursday night?"
"Happy Mothers Day to my Porn Mommy :(( miss ya"
"We will keep the tweets alive #amasummit will never die :)"
"master in Spanish prisoner fluency"
"The nurse that takes care of my granny is an angel... I'm so grateful."
"Writing with some amazing people today Chris Lindsey and Aimee Mayo. Hell yes!"
"Congrats to Lincoln softball team opening season w/ 11-1 win over Central Catholic (5 innings) ..."
"Haha For Your Age You're So Mature!! (:"
"Why would you ever think it was a good idea to throw something at a guy on a bike? C'mon Madison, I expect better from you"
"It was! How did litltle kids not have nightmares lol?!"
"Freedom of conscience for me, but not for thee."
"21 Days Left until Summer! gotta finish strong. #yesyesyesyesyesyesyeah "
"You should ask.."
"Ok, I'll run out and buy one right now. :) (Hey there, stranger!)"
"Yayyyy! Thank u!"
"I don't like people;"
"Go check out our updated facebook page!!!"
"Haha, it is;)"
"BTW I still need to make up for our last interview too"
"Prince Ama will be on the \"Break That Single show!\" to talk about indie reggea,world beat, and the music industry 11am-1pm PST"
"Edge Spears His Way Into the Hall"
"D.C. here I come"
"Be the purpose that you are within your Soul."
"Miley Cyrus: Will Trace Cyrus and Brenda Song Name Their Baby After Miley?"
"RT : Social media is the world we live in, it's here to stay, see it as opportunities"
"I take no chances with the workout and DL stuff to ipod - bad music just kills. Unfortunately can't DL stuff to work comp."
"Prolly not as good as your gelato. :-)"
"On my way to the doctors. );"
"Category 4-K winner is Brian Hotter WTMJ"
"it sounds about 100% more interesting than this degradation of the English language..."
"Look at how she walk like a rich girl look at how she talk like a rich girl"
"ASSA ABLOY has acquired Frameworks Manufacturing Inc, a US manufacturer of interior aluminum frames and doors."
"I'm realizing I have little desire to \"work the system.\" I'd rather see it completely demolished and remade as something more constructive."
"That´s why I never want to wake up, the alarm always rings at the best moment of my dream!"
"thanks, love it too"
"Lastly, other CQ Today story behind paywall covers HSGAC hearing on U.S. defenses against biological weapons and what's wrong with 'em."
"Finna hop on the xbox while my computer is reformating, haven't been on it in a month due to work"
"95 math problems due by Thursday?"
"#WhatToExpectWhenYoureExpecting and #Battleship I fear the pregnant women more than the aliens."
"ok lets see this Sor-Rob-Mo in action."
"i want too but school tomorrow :("
"love you!! happy thursday, cant wait to spend the weekend with you:)"
"Got a chick <3 Rae :) or"
"I just wanted to say i love you."
"If at first you don't succeed, well then skydiving isn't for you..."
"You can marry me :))"
"you should totally follow me. I've been following you. And it would be amazing if you were following me."
"A still relevant reminder from a 2003 report! \"In order to be used by practitioners, knowledge must connect to practice\"."
"that's what's up! We gonna do one at the end of may. Make sure u help us promote thru ur fb & twitter!"
"aye aye! Painfully close, i see it from our driveway everyday. It beckons"
"ok im done"
"The Patriot act isnt for short term security its for long term security & has protected us -Terrorism kills liberty more"
"i enjoyed it and i'm not even a beastie boys fan!"
"Yes- traveling and speaking a bunch this month, creating new audio product, grateful for life."
"#bestfriendtelepathy . it's bad, Chris."
"Go head and do ya thang"
"call my house"
"Question are you still considered athletic if you haven't played a sport in 2 yrs and your figure is still the same.?"
"she be eating 3 dollar bag of takis for a appetizer"
"I regret ever wearing shorts to my game this morning .fuckin rasberrys suck!!-_-"
"Why does Bachmann look like she's reading from an autocue?"
"tried to transition from white-girl dancing to something less reliant on shuffling tonight, but alas..it was not meant to be"
"Gina you are right! New Port Richey was home to Hollywood stars of the Silent Film Industry in the 20s."
"Getting thirsty yet?"
"Circa Survive tickets just went on sale! Next up: Breathe Carolina / Chiodos / I See Stars / The Color Morale next Saturday!"
"Luisa Quintero says, \"I urge this board to remain competitive with other jurisdictions. I appeal to you to correct your decision.\""
"No prob, nice app. We're hoping to be a part of the show by !"
"just give me a call lets figure out what you need to do at this point.. I am the owner 623-255-4088 ext1 mst"
"Performing tonight at 10pm at the Purple Onion, come by and say hi. Then maybe stay for the show."
"VEGAS in 2 months!!!!"
"Lolol oh well,"
"#HowAreYouAThug with no hustle?"
"you're hanging out with the wrong people then"
"Why does everyone have nissan sentra's?"
"It's raining cats and dogs in #Fallbrook tonight. A good night to stay in and crack a nice bottle of #Randydunn Cabernet."
"Yes! RT : “: I'm so glad all the negative campaign ads will stop after the primaries today.” amen to that"
"Did you tell her about the electronic strip search machines? ;-)"
"It's 8pm! Where are you??"
"; you totally do. only time you stop is when you sleep. :P"
"also The Tamale Place on the west side is ridiculous!"
"#california knows how to party!"
"I take time today to quiet my mind. As I create a ritual for myself of 5 to 20 minutes a day of quieting my thoughts, I watch my life change"
"Girls kissing girls, cause it's hot right? But unless they use a strap on then they not dykes."
"UT's DeMaio endorsement equals Dead Tree Journalism meets Dead Political ideas. UT to become laughingstock."
"I've never once been able to get online with a \"free public wifi.\" am I missing something?"
"dwiggins: What do you think? Is Text The Only Way To Hold A Conversation? - Digital Life Blog - InformationWeek #slail #slakm #sla2009 h ..."
"Uncle Tony's Hitch & Truck Accessories in Porter, Texas Adds U-Haul - Sacramento Bee"
"Attempted sleep and epically failed :/"
"Sometimes you need to hear what you already know ~"
"yes sir. I changed EVERYTHING. What I ate. When I ate. Made exercise a focal point. Everything. For my kids. :)"
"Some people say that I'm a bad influence I say the worlds already fucked I'm just adding to it"
"This is what a hurricane looks like!"
"I get it in theory but fucked myself up pretty good last game with"
"you move on quick. ha, what a joke."
"I have no problems with GIRL on GIRL as long as they let me watch!!!!"
"Thanks! And thanks for the great article this morning on the #CES as well!"
"Whoa! That just kinda caught me off guard, but definately somethin sweet to think about..."
"Celtics gettin' worked right now!. Let's go Hawks!!"
"...Thank you, Pratt-SILS, for making me feel awesome. :-)"
"don't"
"Car got picked up tomorrow, should be here sometime next week!... So excited!... Back in bizz-nezz <3"
"On our way to sword fish studios to finish our first record!!!!"
"No employee no success. Don't ever forget that."
"I am interested in this brewery and this beer!"
"ps.. i'm wearing my stinky running clothes.. just warning you"
"Dont sleep on that new mixtape that's bout to hit the streets #DaMovement2 hood certified bangers..street approved!!!!"
"Some pages turned, some bridges burned but there were"
"Time never stops... it's your future"
"This dude said Victoria Ortiz's new nickname is \"Take 2 of these and call me in the morning\" How funny is this?!"
"Dear dance, I just love having sore arms. I would understand the soreness if it wasn't from Sommersaults!!"
"Join us February 19th in Akron Ohio for Debut 1"
"\"Dear tenants: 8th floor patio is temporarily closed due to a bee swarm and hive. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause, -Mgmt.\""
"sorry to hear you missed out on vinyl - did you try on Monday or Tuesday? They went fast!"
"where you at ! imma come in my pajamas :))"
"bunch of stuff, teen site redesign, summer reading pages, etc."
"you've officially graduated! We are into the Cl names now. CONGRATULATIONS JOE!! You earned it!!"
"Omg Jonathan your picture of you and Danielle is soo freaking cute!! (Profile Picture) lol! Aw! <3 (:"
"I'm not falling asleep, I concentrate better with my eyes closed :l"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Hope this day will be EXTRA special for you. Enjoy it! 😁💗"
"It had me at \"vi keys.\""
"Be a singer. That's All I Really Wanna Do."
"As did Junior and Matsui."
"Thanks Breesa! When are we gonna hear a Breesa Track?"
"RT : I've kicked for a cause with Radio City Christmas Spectacular's Kicking Across America!"
"Alright, I'm up, kid fed, laundry started, kitchen cleaned, Emmas room cleaned and its only 10am."
"So glad you are liking it!!"
"I think maybe I do...haven't tried it yet. What email addy should I send it to?"
"I hate mosquito bites on the nuts"
"Im too old for this"
".__. I thought of them but those would just depress me."
"How would you like to be my sexy ass twitter wife?"
"God. Im so tired. And sick. First im hot and now im freezing.!"
"Freaked out by the music in J.Crew. A little too generationally specific."
"Ate a *delicious* pork chop at 12th Av Grill in Honolulu. Feeling sleepy--I thought it was the pork & then remembered it's 4:25am in NYC!"
"sorry , I have to.."
"I guess white people can't hold there liquor hah my boy Josh was super drunk tryna fight niggas haha"
"General! First come first serve! RT : Is Turner and Schneider only atlethic and honors or can general live there?"
"glad to be among the beautiful people 🎶👏👍"
"\"He's nice to people 'n animals... but you oughta hear him talkin' to a #golf ball!\"Dennis The Menace."
"Check out www.theclevelandsportsreport.com for a excellent article about Saturday's show. Mark your claendars for Feb. 5th."
"Fun at the races with !!"
"Registrations are rolling in for summer 2011! Get yours in today and be a part of DWC DC or DWC in the Wild: Costa Rica!"
"Austin I think I wanna marry you. :$"
"We do as well Ryan, We need to make Detroit a better place! We are hearing unconfirmed reports that a 3yr old was shot :("
"“: I have always supported invisible children. #kony2012 STOP KONY”<<<Me too. Ive been spreading the word since 2009!"
"My grandfather told me today its illegal in NC to drive in flipflops. What?!?! I said, do you see the shoes I wear? These can't be illegal"
"heading to bed the twitter app hates my phone and my iPad.."
"When this song come on I'm spending money"
"he said no you have a bf"
"sounds like a plan to me"
"I'm excited for the new Men in Black movie, and I don't care who knows it."
"oh bruno mars u so funny <3 you"
"We're at the BSO eating cookies and looking at #globeposter until 8:30, come join us!!!"
"Can I get some more followers please or some retweets I am such an inspirational artist lol follow me ;)"
"Obsessing over how freaking cute was when she was little!!!"
"Sorry, we depend on APIs that are only in Snow Leopard and higher."
"Actions. But (arguably) you cannot control the interpretations of your actions."
"I never learn in science"
"www.bleachercreaturesusa.com"
"If you live in the Austin area and need new replacement windows put on your home, Statewide is the one and only choice for your home!"
"We love our twitter friends. Here's to insomnia! <3"
"Its 4 am. School in 3 hours. Why am I up? Guess ima watch some ICONic Boyz videos!(:"
"Making #google my homepage was the best choice ever! No more being distracted with the #yahoo \"news\" stories"
"Mikeeeeyyyyy! I know you see this/."
"so what's this good news you said you had to tell us about?"
"I never had a problem with flip phones."
"auditioned for a principal role for the BBC Television Series, The Fugitive Chronicles, in Miami. The producers were impressed with me!"
"Day 3 of \"30 Math Mentor Texts in 30 Days!\" :)Today's pick is for HS. The Manga Guide to Calculus by Hiroyuki Kojima, Illus. by Shin Togami"
"X or die"
"TRAFFIC ALERT: I-90 EB - RIGHT LANE WILL BE CLOSED NEAR MM 163 (EDGERTON) DUE TO A VEHICLE FIRE. USE CAUTION."
"WOW!!! So exciting for you love... go for it!!been here 4 weeks loving Vegas, settled comfy happy, meeting the coolest ppl! xx"
"Tebow? really? Patriots?suck much? #giantsbaby:)"
"ha! It's 10:46 here. Mountain time biznitch!"
"moving tomorrow."
"Excuses Me Lol \"BOSS BITCHES ARE MY PREFERENCE\" 👌✌"
"funny and sick shit"
"Huge fan, wish you the best brotha! Throw BOMBS!"
"S/O to for being THEE best friend EVER"
"mentions the UN universal charter on human rights as an ex of secular ethics"
"Designers: What's the last thing you made that you're really proud of? Go!"
"Sounds fantastic. Making the trek up to Ojo tomorrow myself."
"Honestly, its my body and my cleavage is none of ya business."
"No one really knows whether that page will rank #1 in Google; no one really knows which paid search copy will get the highest click rate"
"word word, in some circles folks said castillo was 'robbed' but it is what it is...floyd is floyd, haha!"
"Damn. I just realized that my life has become a Gin Blossoms song."
"bahahhaha you guys are too much! I love it :) miss you guys!!"
"oh alright."
"#3WordsOfAdvice don't save her..."
"#supportlocalmusic Live songs today only on join me in the chat-room. requests welcome. no promises"
"Who's your money on tonight DW??"
"International Jazz Day--Concerts streaming live NOW from New Orleans...and later today, New York & Paris"
"omg that would be even worse!!!! xD then some one would sue ToysRUs"
"Hmm. Considering switching from Mustache.js to Underscore.js. Same compressed size, same templating features, but _ has more usefulness..."
"thank u so much."
"The Blackstone Hotel"
"great to have u back at #CLA2012. U belong since we have \"LA\" in the name!"
"i wish. you can't edit or delete anything from a former guide. it's like starting on square negative 600."
"My LINdolences go out to Whitney Houston's loved ones....there I'm done with social media for the day"
"RT : I'm going swimming 2moro and working to a more healthier diet. your advice helps!! thankyou :)"
"But Roberts cuter."
"If you're the other person involved in a bad sex session you don't have the right to point the finger (you sucked just as bad)"
"Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention."
"Great day to cuddle and watch a movie :)"
"and the Browns."
"is selling locally made dog treats go see for yourself at easton towns center!"
"Alshon jeffery welcome to chi town! great move emery!"
"There is plenty of speculation about how #facebook #timeline for brands will look and function. Any predictions?"
"He A"
"gracias, for including Mary Oishi's title SPIRIT BIRDS THEY TOLD me in the holiday guide, out now."
"Wow! You have 5 #JAMposters, we are so glad you like Ella and Frank. Thanks for keeping #Jazz alive!"
"I feel you bro... #storyofmylife :P"
"How is Open Graph data affected by sharing through a #linksy campaign (with custom content around a link)?"
"Can't sleep!!"
"Always afraid when I bump into something in this place..never know what might accidentally launch nuclear missiles from the Rose Garden.."
"Looking over conference submission reviews and trying to not get distracted by the one reviewer who insisted on using puns for EVERYTHING."
"5 minutes of Leno once a year is more than enough to remind me why I don't watch Leno."
"\": My favorite sex position is the one where I'm inside a girl.\""
"Schizophrenia beats being alone."
"Curious - how did you explain it to her? What made her finally understand?"
"hey Nick I will be in Cairo March 2nd and would Love to meet for a coffee!"
"Thank you so much for the well wishes! We may need more than luck. We may need a seance and a blessing."
"AFTER BURN"
"The show has started"
"next Friday"
"If it's bad news, I'll work hard to get back to 100%; if it's good, everything will be okay. Either way, this will make me stronger. "
"We are serving our FISH FRY today for #AshWednesday and every wed and Fri in"
"sounds like my kinda night -_-"
"Also notice that I've crept over the 200 follower mark. To those of you who aren't spambots, thanks for listening to what I have to say."
"Stress needs to go away."
"Hey, I just met you, & this is crazy. But here's my number, So call me, maybe?"
"Mom, you should not be out pigging out on chicken fingers and bread pudding!! You should be HOME with US! Feeding us treats!!!"
"just knowing 2 things one chris knows my first name and two hes getting better i can go to sleep happy now"
"Hi Pete!"
"also, did they get the Pulitzer for party photos? ;-p"
"what's that ?"
"The somewhere that it is five-o-clock is HERE! :-)"
"some people just need to move on and not whine about stuff ..... life is way to short"
"hey, you're welcome! Grantland often comes thru with memorable pieces."
"Waiting to board flight on my way home after a great & insightful time at"
"at one point does obama start taking responsiblity for HIS presidency"
"Alright MLB fans -- playoffs are right around the corner. Who you got?"
"My best friend and I'm going to go to mono cafe.... I'm so so happy. We are peasing...."
"This whole not-wearing-a-coat-to-work thing is kinda amazing"
"Its Fucking freezing!!!!!!!!!"
"My boss chose lunch. So I didn't have much choice."
"Gossip Girl...OMFG storytelling"
"Jay Z taught me that my shoulders are fucking filthy and i need to clean that shit up!! :D"
"tellin' you that I've had it with you and your career, me and the rest of the family here singing \"where'd you go?\""
"Bracket is officially wrecked thanks mizzou"
"how's it feel to lose a prop bet?"
"this link isn't working. What's his screen name? And how did you find it?"
"Topic on \"The Five\": Return Rushmore? || I don't know, did we save the receipt?"
"u guys i burned my finger with boiling water while i was making tea and it felt cool should i be worried ugh"
"when can I come in for an audition! I STILL want to be apart of the show!"
"What is everyone doing on this beautiful day in Denver?"
"It ain't your grandpa's data no more. The marketplace for data is maturing rapidly, as we shift from a data 1.0 world to a data 2.0 world."
"I cant wait till show starts!!!!!"
"the man"
"great seeing u too last night...u and everyone sounded awesome.....POOF!!!!!!"
"\"...Morehouse has persevered and excelled.\" - Willis Sheftall '64, Interim provost and senior vice president for Academic Affairs"
"Lexis Florist was honored to work with such a talented team at VISIONProduction Group! We can't wait to see our new Marketing Video!"
"I played Zachary in ep#3 \"loner\". You might be able to find it on line."
"For Booking, Beats, or Info of the YouTube sensation Too Much please contact management at"
"The Calendars are here! The Calendars are here! Our 2012 year at a glance calendars look awesome. Need one? Sign up for our mailing list a…"
"When Our Hero defends someone, you need not even mention his name."
"That assumes they would accept responsibility and won't blame you, right?"
"Maybe LL Cool J was just an avid bicyclist?"
"He didn't love her he lusted after her"
"#RememberThatKidInSchool you bullied? Yeah, he committed suicide. Think of consequences before you do repugnant things."
"I was absolutely in love with Siamese Dream and walked out halfway through that Pumpkins set. Terrible."
"i dont like you you hurt my feelings"
"I hope it was a valuable experience. Tell us how it went."
"S/O to bc i ws really down earlier bt he came & cheered me up iLY♥"
"Lumpy says \"r-ow\" in return."
"no!! i want my #21back xD"
"Trade Shows are back in full effect! Be sure to keep following SolisEnergy and see where we will be exhibiting or attending! See You There!"
"How are these people in Walking Dead still so incompetent in dealing with zombies? It's season two and you still have no tactical planning?"
"hey u working tonight?"
"#ReasonsThatImSingle he hasn't asked me out yet. <3"
"\"the next da vinci is going to give up on being creative because he can’t put his idea for a steampunk RPG about child rape on kickstarter\""
"yeah we are all face the troof but we have diversity I'm Oreos, you nuggets, frosties"
"I miss BC spot prawns, enjoy!"
"i hate the whole financial aid procedure."
"Brooklyn Law School entrepreneur event, free popchips for a year? Awesome!"
"And I just missed my bus while sending a tweet."
"come to saga then!"
"I'd fly to the moon, I'd paint your gray skies a beautiful blue, just to get one step closer to you<3"
"I think we each just described half of twofer. This calls for a code phrase."
"$250! same as the ones for 2012 :)"
"Interesting statistic - I access #facebook almost exclusively on my"
"whats the point of writing a list, if you are going to forget the list (:"
"the judge only agreed to give me time... to compensate for the family's lost..."
"most. favorite. books. ever."
"Yes! I wasn't sure I was going to be able to go, and am so glad I did. Loved the dances. Loved the photos. Loved it all :D"
"imm not even mad"
"Yesterday afternoon with the dedicated teachers at the Sabot School at Stony Point--you guys rock!"
"can you handle it junior?"
"Headed to Mermaid Cafe for Southern Dinner - fried chicken, mac-n-cheese, biscuits, asparagus salad. sweet tea & pecan pie"
"Good morning everybody I need more follows follow me and I will follow u back"
"Thanks to for great #ILMWest this week & to for great video panel discussion - glad you are starting video advocacy group"
"It's never a bad idea to start the day off right, little run with some nice low carb breakfast of eggs and cheese and maybe some meat."
"28 days of school left! #summertime !"
"I want Spotify! I wonder how long it'll be till I get an invite."
"If You Was'nt So Ugly Ill Put My Dick In Your Face !!!!"
"I dont wanna take them off"
"GM. Can the Colts get cap relief if they pay Peyton the bonus and still trade him to a team or does the $ stay on their cap?"
"#GIveObamacreditfor... anything you want to. Obama is big enough to take it."
"yes you do"
"Toe-pick mother fucker!"
"Who was the genius who scouted Pedro Strop? ......I fired him."
"Pizza Hut 10$ box, and watching secret life. Love monday nights (: !!!"
"The fact that it is 45degrees in Chicago is just..."
"Rangers' Josh Hamilton had a \"LeBron\" night. Not 1, not 2, not 3..."
"\"Have you ever talked to someone, and you're not even really talking to them? Actors are the worst for that.\" - Joe Rogan"
"We love your vision and mission of your org! Keep up the good work!"
"Thank god for sun sports cause I cannot stand Reggie miller commentating!!!"
"#civilwar quote of day. Confederate woman. 'I discovered I could empty a dirty hearth..t"
"But the again I wanna go to the penny store"
"what? i'm in class and the girl next to me was reading it too...we're so confused"
"thanks for the follow! Good luck Down Under!"
"is this video online?"
"just got done playing black ops with Justin and Kyle"
"It's in our policy that they can but if it really happened, I probably would."
"Books are an exceptional hangover cure. We're offering prescriptions from noon to 6pm today."
"Xtina's boobs are as big as footballs."
"Asked middle school kids what's the name of the 1st spanish lady on supreme court. One boy yells out, \"Jennifer Lopez!!\" Ah, our youth!"
"Thanks for lunch! Definitely honored to be a part of community."
"Layin here cuddled up with my blankie Sunday night slow jams :)"
"You have to come tonight to help her food truck capital!! Make her Pep Boys visit less costly. Help a sista out!!"
"I got your vote ..lol"
"That's a BS argument and you know it. You are a smart man. Do better."
"who's that?"
"Who deserves turds, who deserves blossoms? You've got three of each. Go!"
"starting to get sleepy at 4pm, not good. kinda wants to see some friends tonight. def wants to see Inglorious Bastarads this week, takers?"
"He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. ~Friedrich Nietzsche"
"Great to hear Ionesco's play read aloud."
"Made a record with the Dust Brothers solely because they produced Paul's Boutique. Spent as much time asking Q's about PB as recording."
"just forget it! Ill move to Ohio nd u can be with him nd by the way I left school and went to hospital js"
"Closed tonight for maintenance, hysterical decoupling."
"Around this time on Sunday Nights I find myself prepping for the work week thinking What Would #RachelZane Wear..."
"A few showers and some fog at this hour but much better than yesterday!"
"We built this city on rock and roll"
"Great to meet u yesterday, ! Congrats on the new gig. :)"
"Whats the point of all this screaming, they dont listen anyway"
"they do!! :D they make my day :)"
"How awesome would a \"You'll 'Rue' Day You Messed With Katniss\" t-shirt be. Huh?"
"Sitting at the pool for the boys swim practice, with the new southern living magazine in hand"
"now following! great meeting you yesterday"
"-- no. Just mike, penner, and russell. Id like to see Colton come back, but he's not quite yet."
"It seems like 2 years ago there were tons of hobby DBs. Everyone was writing dynamo inspired things."
"Hi, St. Francis!"
"so excited for #blameitonseptember :) everyone go buy it! Tonight @ midnight!!!! :) do it for the Los detectivos!"
"Oh, what's this in my shoe? Red carpet insole. Everywhere I go, I'm walking on red carpet."
"“: put ears on that helmet” done!! Thank you you made my day"
"I wonder how much the actors get paid off of al the trillion repeats of Law & Order?"
"And is set in Burbank RT : it wouldn't be the same. The only true Awesometown includes the entire #Chuck cast"
"next months meet-up on Sept. 21, will be about Audio Description. More details to follow."
"We are now hiring!! Come join our team! Send us those resumes!!"
"No, you really should go."
"Nothing like a hot pot of coffee to start off the morning. Happy Friday!!"
"Just read the news...my condolences, Rolf."
"Kerry Wood could be head to the DL."
"no you dont and i be quiet as a Mouse :)"
"Watching Frozen Planet on Discovery"
"Twitter is really only fun after dark when all the wannabe celebs have had too much to drink."
"DLGE is all about protecting our building envelopes from hazards, both natural and man made."
"Looks like I won't be watching Glee tonight. It's all good. My excuse is good visiting my Auntie in the hospital<3"
"How did my singing voice in the shower turn to crap!? Bo"
"how long are you staying in Texas man??"
"Anyone see my new background <3 Luv ya"
"I know. I knew you would see that."
"So is still the best Cory. By far. An inspiration to all of us."
"the hs that built a baseball team for Roy Oswalt to play on...is reportedly being consolidated...thx Dad for calling to share the bad news"
"Tonight @ Nadine Baum Studio: Babyland: A Father’s Survival Guide by Maury Reed (7:30pm) & The Grave Digger’s Art by Todd Taylor (8:30pm)"
"Ig everybody want to listen to starlito now smh"
"RT : planned #LMSunSIG via Google+ ... Totally awesome collaboration between Brown, WPI, Curry, BU, Wentworth, Suffolk."
"Thanks and feel free to check us out: a 15-minute podcast that brings the funny."
"yea yu did"
"thanks gorgeous"
"It’s wise to learn from experience, and it’s even wiser to learn from the experience of others! (via Rick Warren Purpose Driven Connection)"
"Yep! They've been pretty short, although the discussion posts effectively double the amount of reading each module. Verbose class."
"Stupid people that I don't know keep on calling me and I've had the same number for like 5yrs..! -__-"
"Nothing like chasing nyquil with a jager bomb! Though, they do seem eerily similar... Its okay, won't remember it tomorrow!"
"I'm gonna buy my own suite at Lambeau, hell I'll buy 2!"
"Latest endorsements: The Rev. Canon Mary Moreno Richardson an Episcopal Priest, The Interfaith Drug Policy Initiative, and L.E.A.P!"
"What's that black cloud visible from I805 around highway 52?"
"Hey penguins, it would be really awesome if you scored"
"You know I'll want the \"B\" , necklace for sure, got my PayPal all figured out :) Soon, *few months* I'll want to commission you."
"Your My Backround On My Phone......I Bet You Feel Good"
"At Riverwest Public House for $10 all you can drink Sprecher / Great Lakes Distillery with"
"agree with worried about extending into highered"
"is it a comic adaptation?!"
"Even though I handled a sick daughter and put together her big-girl bed, I still managed to grade a revised draft. Woo!"
"I figured you and the mrs would be on honeymoon mode, but if you're offering..."
"Surprised at 1st MLB game. Braves? Phillies? Nats? RT At my first professional baseball game and enjoying it. We need runs ASAP!"
"TRAFFIC - Hwy 151 Between Hwy G & Hwy S (South of Beaver Dam) closed due to a previous rollover accident - traffic is being rerouted."
"Is it nice there?"
"Good morning XD"
"You might want to rethink that gmail profile picture of you, bikini-clad, in a swimming pool, when sending a query. Just saying."
"I am fine w/ it."
"I'm not either. I have hockey till 10 though"
"I just went thru my 1st body scan @ EWR on my way 2 #Vegas. The TSA peep is the 1st woman 2 get 2 see me naked since I came out! Lucky her!"
": im sorry! ): i fell asleep SO early. /:"
"I don't like my enqlish class -__-"
"Soccer at swope tonight 6 pm. I am working again so have so much fun without me!"
"To all followers thanks for the following. Stay tuned for updates on music releases from our artists &"
"Just realized that I understand absolutely nothing about the popularity of NASCAR"
"23rd is buzzing on this beautiful evening -- kids eat free tonight! :)"
"it was good talking to earlier even if it was only for five minutes xD"
"We are headed into extra innings, #Dodgers tie the game in the bottom of the 9th 3-3"
"Maybe... But how awesome is that!"
"Ineed new ppl to talk to the old ones are getting old. Message me n ill see wassup with you n the A.m. night twitter c:"
"So sad about Whitney Houston's passing. I'm praying for her family and I'm glad I had the opportunity to perform with her. R.I.P. Whitney."
"that could be a good thing or a bad thing lol"
"Will do! Having an intense thunder storm right now but hopefully will pass soon. Gracias!"
"I found out that Im getting the Ipad2 next month!! <33 IM SO EXCITED."
"never seen anything like that ever!!"
"Thank you!"
"Not suddenly... It's been a long time coming."
"Glad I have no kids. No baby mama drama or baby daddy mess"
"3 companies and 4 people just paid me"
"Despite the successes I blogged about earlier, this has been a pretty crappy day."
"and Anna Maria Perez de Tagle spoke to ClevverTV at the grand opening of Pink's Hot Dogs at Knott's Berry Farm this"
"There for sure! ha"
"i really harass her family when PGH wins. She wants to be a Pirates fan because i am. She doesnt get it."
"yea yur right that's why yuh should juss try getting over him nd juss have fun living tha single life, dnt let him stop yuh"
"oh no! That stinks!"
"CB Claiborne at camp, won't practice"
"Selling the last of my tickets for the 2012 Spring Fling Festival going down at the Sea Port Marina Hotel in Long Beach ! HMU, (562)205-5349"
"Hell yeah, just hit me up bro bro"
"can any of you hardcore omeka users tell me if the latest version works with the Timeline plugin? We're getting errors thrown."
"Missed the Bus"
"A million congrats!! That's awesome!! Go Brooke!!"
"no problem!! :) check out our songs on our Facebook :)"
"I don't get excited when my phone vibrates bc i know it's only twitter."
"Totally agree!"
"dont nobody wont to go out wit ur ass picieing in the bed"
"Best part of being in Richmond with & ? We have #VASummit meetings while laying on the floor of HQ."
"Everyone next to me is ordering things for the table. Why is it for the table? Is the table hungry? Does the table eat caesar salad?"
"Caught a great Buddy Guy show at Ravinia with & Ala. Beautiful stars, beautiful music, beautiful company :)"
"People of #Newyork be scared"
"Heading to San Francisco this weekend what are some \"Must Have\" breweries and beer spots to visit?"
"Review: NetZero&#39;s free 4G mobile data for Grand Rapids comes with limitations"
"Rich Is For The Moment Wealthy Is ForEver!."
"Horford was the same dude that showed the Ali doc to the #hawks in '08, prompting quite the series."
"it's 's birfday. Shout out to you and good luck w your attempts not to celebrate. ;)"
"May 24th at The Box Office! :)"
"twitter keep waking me up with notifications"
"One tee shirt per whore. I am sure they'll look positively fucking radiant in \"Diablo 3\" attire."
"So. Tired. And hungry! NOMNOMNOM"
"great car"
"the future?"
"sometimes working with producers, especially ones in high demand, can be a pain in the but!"
"Hmm... kinda like Erin or Whitney from MTV The City."
"ladies...who are the hottest guys in Boston?"
"why thank you :)"
"Dear girls, Incase you didn't know ... Your boobs go INSIDE your shirt. Sincerely , the girl who's tired of seeing that!"
"Time to turn the tv off for a week...unless you wanna hear bout Tebow 24/7"
"btw, why must we say \"if I were\" instead of \"If I was\"?"
"A very Gaga Thanksgiving!? Wow, that's happening, right now."
"Thanks -- yep, 7 years ago. So sad. But thanks so much for your well wishes. Tell your mom how much you love her :)"
"NO, NO, NO, they meant to say \"He makes me feel like men do when they watch pudding women wrestling!\""
"it is the #Bobcats u know"
"I have no idea which sport it is tonight, but Go Green!! RT : Let's go Spartans tonight!"
"We're feeling really poetic today. Who can come up with a good haiku about one of our menu items?"
"let's tho it."
"I looooooveeeeee derby time"
"Shale Gas Export Boom: Planned All Along? - Firedoglake"
"WENT TO BED EARLY AND I WAS HAPPILY ASLEEP BUT NO"
"I'm blushing! Thanks for the compliments."
"All day smoke sum weed"
"Sun should be out a little later, it's a Saturday, and we have wine; sounds like some darn good reasons to visit Grove today."
"There were a few negative reviews from critics who couldn't connect with the film. AO Scott from the NY Times gave it a -review."
"Students w/out disabilities can gain from technology for disabled."
"Why not? I mean, you do beat me and everything, so I think it's plenty..."
"Just bought a new CD of Tupac :-)"
"\"isn't that the story of our lives?\" Taking data created for one purpose and repurposing in other unforeseen ways."
"sporting \"a good mandarin is hard to find\" today. how timely."
"Investigation 's in tempe this saturday along with special guest of ABC15 news...will be a great nite.."
"Breaking news: Tupac's ghost arrested for agrevated haunting charges."
"RT : Want 2 make #Greek yogurt at home? Here's how. Thnx"
"Yes you screwed everything"
"I just finished a 2.85 mi run with a time of 32:48 with Nike+ GPS."
"Woke up late shower then school"
"where is my puppy? Cuz I been waitin since last summer honey lol"
"Now Rep. Benson is attacking gambling expansion in Vikings stadium."
"#Merchant_Services Every small non profit today has to fight for their share of the donation dollar. There is another way..."
"Hawks tix. 10th row. Yeah buddy."
"I washed both car today now I'm tired as fuck"
"Happy Hanukkah everyone! May God richly bless u with miracle blessings over the next 8 days! It is the Miracle Season! Happy Hanukkah!!"
"Doors in 30 mins.....Get to Palm Door....GO Go gO!!!!"
"We love you Lindsey, oh yes we do!!"
"hahah yeah it's my gym class"
"I missed it tonight!!!! :("
"I miss him-_-"
"RT : Remembering Donna Summer, Queen of Disco on tonight. #NN (via )"
"dude screws you out of forty bucks when your in line to spend over a few gs with em. can we say stupid"
"Studying for #gre today...taking test on Thursday."
"Waking up at 645 nbd"
"great(: that's good well say hi if you see me (: how's your baby ? N well text me (:"
"Lovin all the feedback thanks everyone! keep sharing, tune in, and stay naughty people!! new music and show dates on the way"
"let's fucking go"
"Jeepers Creepers rocks"
"Finally got to do some injections at work. I love pokin people"
"Yes, I feel good about cheering for Tiger. He's paid the price in spades. He has redeemed himself as a human being. Cheer on!"
"Hell yeah bout to burn one with one of the 36 OG's!"
"What happened?"
"Cotto will be a test for Mayweather. I know he wants Pac-Man, but he better not overlook Cotto."
"Yo I want to the Portal Doorway Shirt! Get it back in stock ASAP!!"
"definitely the third house"
"Keep the faith brother...keep the faith."
"Exodus 22:2-23 \"Do not take advantage of a widow or an orphan. If you do, and they cry out to me, I will certainly hear their cry.\""
"and so much for the follow! Happy Friday!! :)"
":yes there is definitley going to be a repeat next weekend."
"HA! RT : Today must be my lucky day. Got not 1, not 2, but but 4 notices informing I just received 6MM USD. Just have to..."
"and where is that - am I anywhere near :-)"
"Hope all is well with you and your family!!!"
"hey Janneke! that's maybe kind of what I'm concerned about. like, I don't want them to think this is a stunt moustache, y'know?"
"Thank you for the mention Jenn. Blessings ALL"
"Happy World Read Aloud Day!"
"Little guy is out of surgery. Tonsils and adenoids have been removed."
"looking forward to spending the weekend back in the Mitten!"
"Congratulations to John P and Tina K in the #Milw office for reaching two #Kforce milestones!"
"#prayersforjess please pray for a lady named Jess who is fighting cancer. Pray like she's your sister, mother, daughter."
"I can't imagine! Dangerous packaging"
"when did you enter? I've read online that if you wait until the final deadline it takes longer."
"wonder what else is in store for me tn..hmm"
"and thanks :) I'll look into that"
"lol it's Pretty crazy lol"
"And that's a wrap on the forest scenes for this month at least."
"Welcome to twitter Coach:)"
"It's times like these you learn to love again."
"Just for the record I've known 's music for like over a year ....but I guess I can share the love of his talent with u stugots"
"A diplomat is someone who tells you to go to hell in such a way that you look forward to the trip."
"and counted for a run..."
"Thanks so much!! How about you, do you play any music?"
"i said youre!!! That counts as one. Whatever i deleted it"
"my goal is to redeem Bruno Mars in your head by the end of the summer. Since you choose to hate my"
"Anyone have contacts/referrals to either Offices of (Juvenile) Justice? or Chicago ?"
"anybody!! watching the DUETS show!!"
"#SongsPlayedDuringSex dear mama"
"i bet yours is better"
"Oh twitter, how I've missed you 😍"
"Thanks for the shout out and the support. Hope you had a good afternoon at the show."
"big sunday for the stable on stars lets go"
"ya :( but we meet him at the end. Im jealous..."
"Nope. If it happens it happens but the chances are slim and getting slimmer lok Xx"
"I just made a dinner reservation for next weekend at Flying Fish Cafe. Fingers crossed we can sit at chef's table!"
"Are you assuming or implying that I pay zero taxes? If so, wrong."
"I just liked the response. I'm sure you learned your lesson. :)"
"Well thankyou! - but reaLly, the silence is essential for you to pull all your feelings in and settle within yuorself the beauty of your ..."
"thank you!!"
"It's always a great feeling when a movie based on one of your favorite books doesn't suck."
"wats good bro'"
"A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song."
"Good morning! I woke up craving chocolate...does that ever happen to you? #SUBWAY cookies & coffee for me this morning. Breakfast of champs!"
"You're suppose to dislike him. You watch BECAUSE of him RT : oh god I hate Pete Campbell....I watch in spite of him"
"Mehh. hope i make it in time!!! :("
"updating resume, portfolio and website"
"Remember the tea kettle - it is always up to its neck in hot water, yet it still sings! ~Author Unknown"
"This worksheet just said how does the president exercise his powers? And I answered \"in the gym\". This is how I do my government work."
"well other 25 $2 bills my parents found"
"assembly hall downtown! I forget where exactly. It's on April 20th hehe"
"Hey!! All New Live \"SINGLE CHEF\" show. Monday night at 6pm Pacific Time. www.theroomlive.com I'll be whipping up Chicken Teriyaki!"
"RT : spending 10% of marketing dollars on digital to engage/grow audience, build social audience, test/learn"
"oh, I'm not complaining"
"At sams club waiting 4 tires to be put on. One guy working on 4 cars, not very efficient..."
"Reaction to the #Wings being in a 2-0 hole to the"
"Browns fans that don't like all white unis need to look at 86. They wore all white at home"
"Good luck to El Cajon's own who is racing at Pocono currently underway."
"Happy Holidays sports fans!!!! Have a great day!!"
"#20ThingsAboutMe even if I say I don't like someone, it's usually just temporary. I get along with like everyone."
"The country of Honduras has its own laws and statues that deal with immigration and deportation situations"
"Figured I'd throw a tweet your way too just to cover my bases... no puns intended. Check your facebook messages! Thanks!"
"You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind. This is the great & first..."
"Cant send DM says authentication failed?"
"2 trucks today Wisconsin and Schmitz park!"
"Laughter is the spark of the soul"
"So umm, something has been bothering me as I watch Mavs vs blazers here...WTF happened to Brandon Roy?"
"Coming down with a cold, yay. Just what I wanted."
"I need to buy 10 homes on West End of Galvy. Pretty or ugly!"
"The sacred King and Queen are magnets for ordered space (cosmos) in the chaos."
"\": #Aries have the best hair of the zodiac.\""
"We pause today in remembrance of the lives lost on 9/11 and hope for comfort & peace for all on this tragic anniversary."
"RT Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did - Mark Twain"
"found one a mississippi recs last week.Vol 2 at the dug record show a few months back. So im On a new Orleans tangent right now."
"Uncle Curtis is money!"
"sorry doesn't cut it..."
"At the convention, a kid comes up close to me, whispers \"Your face looks really dry…\" and proceeded to run his finger down my nose."
"God, I hope you're right."
"Bah. Missing #mw2012 sucks. Wish I was there in sunny San Diego with all you museum geeks. <3 you guys."
"Did it! First retweet of my life ...feel special lolzzzz"
"Back in the states and it feels so good :) Israel was inspiring to say the least"
"Bynum doesn't step up &help on Young's dunk-In fact he backed up-& just cherry picked for a dunk.Ton of talent-no mental toughness or hustle"
"Need 1 more follower for me to get 150 Followers..."
"this team cud be dangerous RT : Marquette: 1-10 in their last 10 three's. My fear is this might be a recurring theme this yr"
"I contend."
"Facebook buys Instagram, the app that makes bad pictures look cool."
"2 more hours until we open our doors for the GRAND OPENING of the BRINK!!! Ill be spinning all night along with free cover!..."
"Im always the bad guy, but somebodies gotta do it."
"They moved so fast with the demolition! One day the bank was here, the next, gone."
"how quickly i forget im Yours."
"New newsletter up!! Check it out at triskelionsociety.com/tssmain"
"at work. Hi Michele!"
"Happy Mother's Day"
"follow this fine man on instagram 'TheJakeThrupp'"
"Go rangers!!"
"Let me pull you close to me, let our bodies touch & 1 2 3 4 SEXIN ON THE DANCE FLOOR.!! xD"
". A demographic data analysis showed that the majority of respondents were female (83%),"
"sometimes, I wake them 4 school & they look so cozy I remember the nights they woke ME up, throwing up all over"
"i think you smell like a roach"
"Hope you saw us looking pretty in \"Weekend\" section today, pg 22. Thanks, Amy Orndorff, for the scoop on 26 great gardens!"
"Can I have $5,000? I'll buy you a fathead. One love bro"
"We're instituting new practices this year to use less paper. I'm done with filing boxes of docs and throwing them away a few years later."
"i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 14"
"These velvet-laced bananas are a real classy bunch"
"ha yeah it's great. Learning a lot of useful information... Not"
"yeah is werid"
"#YouWereCuteUntil you lied about your age."
"Tweeting about THATCamp Columbus?Use the #thatcamp hashtag. Nice and short."
"Gizmodo: As had been expected, Facebook will debut on the Nasdaq tomorrow morning at a price of $38 per share . What's th"
"Major Russell's father only had a 6th grade education and worked his entire life with 2-3 jobs. His parents were a big influence on his life"
"If there is a god valverde closes the door here!"
"The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it. ~ Norman Schwarzkopf"
"AH EYES OPEN ON THE RADIO!!! OOOOMMMMGGGGG!"
"sawwwwy. I'm on my new phone and im trying to figure out how to private keek you"
"UUM I paid em jkjk i just came back and there was all these followers"
"We play Rock and Roll. are very good friends that you should give a listen to."
"Painted my nails green but ewwww I look like hulk 🙅💅"
"I'm not the one you wanna win. Its a losing game and I'm losing it."
"I dont mean to brag, but I take huge pride in my lemonade vs tea ratio when it comes to creating an Arnold Palmer. The combo is crucial!!"
"that makes u...um... RT \"When asked if I'm tech early adopter, I replied \"I won't be the first, but I won't be the third.\""
"I'm not sure....maybe he is pulling his groin."
"Cleaned my whole apartment yesterday. Not fun but always feels great afterwards"
"the site is close to relaunch bring on the linsanity...stay tuned and let's feel some linsanity in the fourth quarter of this game!"
"guess what? I'm still watching. I can't help myself."
"Did you twit about me today?"
"you should follow cuz she absoloutley loves you"
"Follow fina get this ladies night jumpin!!!"
"School hasn't even started yet and I already want it to end."
"Are you looking to expand your RoR expertise within the a large enterprise? Contact Jennifer at"
"I will give you a shot-out this weekend I got you, haha."
"boyfriend is way more"
"the look holds up better than I woulda thought... but id still prefer it handdrawn...this will also be the style for the next batman"
"That was a seriously fun time'"
"no doubt i read a retweet earlier that made me sad. I'll try and find it for u"
"Mumbai Bistro's website is live. www. mumbaibistro.com"
"Singer-turned-horror-movie-director Rob Zombie started out as a production assistant on 'Pee-Wee’s Playhouse.'"
"It seems that we all agree that the first step to change is educating and empowering your staff. That bleeds to your customers"
"i know i know and i'm not wearing a seatbeLt so if the car stops fast i can die im scared D;"
"Thank you. Read your article on the $700 Hyperdunks. Sick shoes."
"Every time!!!!! Ugh stupid train"
"Off to the new house to paint and all of the other stuff."
"When I cry I feel like I'm showing I'm weak.."
"I see the number 123 everywhere.. ._. Which is the bus number my crush rides... ._. c:"
"fuck no you sound stupid af"
"I've been using an excessive amount of :) in my emails today... must be trying to beat the #CaseoftheMondays on behalf of my recipients!"
"TUPAC HOLOGRAM IN THE HOUSE."
"Kind of excited. First webisode comes out Friday for the Madlo Show & same day, featured article on Kid Star Interviews site."
"Good morning, everyone. Wow, what a day. I think lunch outside is going to be a must - at least a walk."
"Whatever it's called, I just heard what boogers sound like on the phone."
"\"in 2 days Justin will be Adultrauhl!\" No, he will always be KIDRAUHL."
"Called 5yo nephew to tell him happy birthday. He said, \"Can't talk now. Too busy making fart music.\" And folks wonder why I don't want kids."
"Ah man!! Just heard...rest in peace Adam yauch. Jamming to #BeastieBoys all week."
"1 final to go. Summers about to be crazy"
"no she wasnt"
"So many new tweeps from - thank you! Looking forward to tweeting with you all :). Good luck."
"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.- Pablo Picasso"
"Oh well, live life with no regrets."
"This is cool. Related, doesn't Captain America seem like he would be a DC character?"
"Mom is home from the hospital! WOO HOO! I told everybody she'd beat cancer, she's a Woman Of STEEL... She's from PITTSBURGH, BABY!!"
"Holy crap. I love your photo."
"#20ThingsAboutMe 7.) I have a really big red birth mark on my thigh -__-"
". We're so excited that you're volunteering for ! Don't forget to tell all of your friends!"
"Chrysler will not repay U.S. taxpayers more than $7 billion in U.S. loans it received earlier this year and as part of its bankruptcy fi ..."
"I'm so jealous right now ..."
"IF THE HEAD RIGHT ANDY THERE ERRY NIGHT !!"
"Honestly, I don't think this was the crews best week :\"
"So torn... do I go to the and concert at tonight, or Name that Tune #NTT trivia at ?!"
"It is someone at Marie Robinson. I've seen her there before, and she has gone to the same woman for years."
"There it is Angels score, that's all they will need. They just scored 3 more. Damn I miss playing Baseball."
"Hanging out with , trying to figure out where to go from avnet party."
"RT : Cat Power puts me in THE mood. So relaxing."
"yes, but have you gona at 2:30 drunk? NOPE. we can be those girls!!"
"getting 5 more minutes in, in this bed & to the tub I will be!"
"nm sittin here bored :p you?"
"haha. Thanks. I was so annoyed. Experiencing major #autocorrectfail this morning. ;-)"
"i agree 100% I really hope everyone does to"
"1st sign of the upcoming apocalypse: Today the employees at the DMV were nice and courteous."
"Looking for a Lenten Challenge? Give up saying \"absolutely,\" \"literally,\" and \"definitely.\" Your colleagues will thank you."
"He has such an awesome self-deprecating personality though!"
"i think i make the easiest things seem hard"
"Happy Valentine's Day!!!"
"I'm responsible? Umm...."
"Reimold out on weak grounder down first base line for first O's out of the season."
"\"Here's my Blackberry Pin\" - things you don't hear often."
"Yooo I love surprises ☺😏"
"Using my voice. Awesome."
": yea sound cool with me// k"
"Headed to a librarian meetup at skinny's still 8, will go wherever after. Let me know where you're headed."
"The World Health Organization went on high alert, dispatching top experts to the United States and Mexico"
"good busy you?"
"Thanks for following ! Looking forward to tweeting!"
"Thank you!!"
"The Pioneers claimed the No. 3 seed in the SBC Tournament. They will play the winner of No. 6 South Alabama/No. 11 Troy on Sunday, March 4."
"lol! Have fun in school"
"What Olivia is not gonna do is cry every episode. C'mon Shonda."
"check out I'm addicted to their deals! For real. Great outdoor adventuring stuff. And credit me if you buy anything!"
"Holy hell, Daniel Quinn. Ishmael has *wrecked* me."
"You're so nice to answer to your fans! :) But no Hart of Dixie tonight!"
"uuhmayzazingcee: this gold velvet ski😍😍😍😍"
"I love my boyfriend, he will break every bone in his body just so i can be happy. =)"
"Victim's wife Suzanne Borcherds, is testifying: Def. \"was saying that he was going 2 take care of business .. gng 2 shoot tht fking bastard\""
"The ostrich is in the nest, though. Who/what is flying over it is up to interpretation.;)"
"Nice work man!!!"
"Time for some soccer"
"hopefully we'll see a heavy dose of isaiah, since he's about the only one athletic enough to stay in front of"
"Just finished \"The Reeducation of Cherry Truong\" by LOVED it! cc:"
"Writin lyrics at lifetime!"
"Momma, I understand why you're mad and I know it's hard to accept who I am and how I live.."
"Such a great weekend with fam n friends finally home to relax ! W"
"AND I WONDER WHY I'M SINGLE11!!!!!111!"
"ARE YOUR EYES REALLY THAT BLUE!?"
"I want a change of pace lol."
"Wishing all my followers a safe, enjoyable and happy weekend!"
"Just how hard is AP English >.<"
"those storms were crazy!!! I was by myself at first scared out of my mind!!!"
"Congratulations to Katrina and Abdus our new clients. We are looking forward to planning your wedding!"
"I love how some women turn 30 and get all insecure about themselves so they post nekkid pics on Twitter to get male attention. God bless."
"Its so gorgeous out. Why am i stuck at work?"
"is taking home the machine which has the installers after taking 2 hours to download. New software to play with YAY."
"THanx. I try to keep my pics entertaining! RT love the monkey!"
"#CIO: why do we need these new servers? IT staffer: \"because what we have is old & outdated.\" Bzzzzzt. Wrong answer."
"Nice shot and article ;)"
"thanks for the @ mention"
"aww girl im not gonna lie i don't miss the place but i miss the people:) and dude i was a great teacher.."
"Good afternoon everyone! How was your holiday weekend? Nothing too crazy I hope!"
"Auditions for the upcoming Broadway Auditions Seminar in Charlotte, NC are on Saturday at 1pm. Do not miss out on this wonderful experience"
"Never judge a book by its cover, because looks can be decieving. <3"
"o I just had geek spring break, now I can have geek summer camp. :)"
"See you soon, #NathanFillion!"
"YES! The all new ATL Local 404 shirts designed by will debut and be available for purchase at Web Afternoon."
"Thanks for being part of our national broadcast this week! Tell your viewers they can use code #pohponpbs for 15%off our DVD!"
"34 away from 1,000 people I'm following! If I get to 1,000 by St. Patrick's Day, I'll give away an iPad 2."
"I feel like there were so many other better ones...Something something \"kegel exercises\""
"everyone will be dancing"
"my sexy leprechaun! is Forever Young a cover or not im pretty sure it isnt but theres always that little chance #love1D perf!"
"Ooh...if that's the lead...we've got a lot of work to do the rest of the year!"
"Love that the 'Nats renamed the Philly Cheesesteak sandwich the Natitude Steal Sandwich ... Also Bryce Harper is gonna be a stud"
"I gotchu. Any place in particular that you see yourself taking up?"
"What do alcoholics do the day before St. Patrick's Day that requires them to take the day off from work?"
"I am you are doing well old twitter buddy"
"yes! Please talk your parents to bring you or just come by yourself or something I just want us to have a chance and to hangout"
"Thanks for the mention!"
"Eating salad while listening to Christmas music is a horrible mix. Switching to soups tomorrow."
"I saw a very ethnic Lady today and I thought of you"
"Excited for tonight's #Portland opening of #CirqueDuSoleil's \"Ovo.\" I've been looking forward to it since I first heard about it in 2009."
"“: She will, she will, she will.” lucky u"
"Checking in at the Taxonomy Bootcamp in DC"
"he is SO cute! And I like his profile pic :)"
"i thought that said names lmfao"
"Another big OAC game tomorrow vs. Otterbein at home at 3 PM. Let's pack the house"
"Are you still spending huge dollars on SEO. Well, my advice is you need to redirect your energy into a more comprehensive Internet strategey"
"Damm its hard to get him mad, he has no social networks lol"
"goodnight & sweet dreams and plz follow me follows me"
"thanks for following!"
"Siga-me! :D"
"You guys rule, keep being awesome!"
"\"The last taping of Oprah and the end of the world in the same week...Coincidence?\" omg I <3 the soup!"
"Just saw Limitless...great flick"
"Actor can't stop feeling, what is it to be a performer? Dies when not emotionally involved."
"What you meant the story to be and what the story is are two different things."
"have you looked at YouTube to see if any one had made tut's for it?"
"WE here the NEW York Audio & AV Show is going WEll. Good for you guys!! Our own Marjorie Baumert is on site as well"
"Related: Just got a penicillin shot to relive symptoms of this awful benedict cumberbatch I've been suffering from."
"did you see frapp happy hour starts Fri?! Made me think of our Starbs runs this time last year!"
"I do to in school my class only got to watch thriller"
"How much should I worry about Strasburg's IP limit? Just got offered Grandy for him ...think I'm gonna take that."
"NHS essay was the biggest BS I've ever written."
"Did anyone hear that fucking thunder last night?"
"Bitches is mad"
"Happy Thanksgiving! #TurkeyTip If frying turkey place your bird in the pot and then fill pot with oil to avoid spillage of hot oil"
"I wrote a song it's called This is my life ... I'm gonna make a video of me singing it and put it on Yayy!"
"Chee, now my mama wants to hug you, too! RT : [bows] It was really my pleasure."
"To all the PLL fans...Mona is A..but also keep in mind, theres more than one A..oh and aria and Ezra finally made it public 👍💜"
"what does everyone think of Jeremy Lin lighting up New York City?"
"I can't sleep ahh ."
"can't say i watch much NBA anymore but from past experience it all depends on the ref ...they all call it different"
"#FF Sending some Friday love to our favorite tweeps! Cheers!"
"When you have a flask, every hour is happy hour."
"Just four new Twitter users at this SIG. Interesting."
"On the plus side, after this retirement shenanigans blows over, I will not have to look at Tony LaRussa's face anymore!"
"It's going to be a good night..."
"It is amazing how much crisper the general experience of life becomes when your body is given a chance to develop a little strength."
"70 parents and 500 students later...hello, laryngitis! I had an amazing time getting it though ;)"
"“: Zubrus on the ice now...” he'd be good at soccer."
"alright man, I'm ready when you are."
"Been listenin to that new track all night"
"#WhenABoyFightThey Always Pull Up There Pants And Take Off There Shirt"
"Had a great time handing out fliers..."
"I'm the background on your phone? I don't even wanna know what picture"
"'s repertoire includes Toxic by Britney Spears using 4-8 cellos."
"Hey check out brand new tees just released at www.deadburydead.com"
"User:Ovejordanv - trend analysis"
"#RHOA needs some now!"
"thas wasup... Wat part of the town u from"
"I don't see why not haha"
"oh yeah. Billy... I..m not about to spoil it for you"
"My mother my mother..."
"#BOYFRIENDReview u did it J!! i'm so proud of you!!! boys were listening to it today in class"
"recall: Another dog food w/ Salmonella- Solid Gold Health Products 4 Pets(El Cajon, Ca)- WolfCub Lg Breed Puppy & Solid Gold Lg Breed Adult"
"So cool hospitals are using twitter. Maybe patient care will benefit."
"I guess so .. on that note I'm going to bed ."
"Yesterday the #city was so"
"The radios feeled with garbage over techno beats"
"-- Don't people know what Happens when you assume?"
"Acting like something doesn't bother you"
"No lies its written in my heart of Austin Love hahaha"
"Idiot. RT : Happy Birthday"
"But did you see my elephant friend?!"
"“: Good Look!!! Im coming back weds.!!! That's cool?” bet. It's goonna have to be when I get outta class."
"Damn portillos drive thru was too crazy tonight..."
"#CallMeMaybe is stuck in my head i can't stop singing it I just LOVE IT!!! :)"
"Wow. What a play - thought Denver was going to give it away for a minute."
"Ah! Real Monsters, season one."
"well i arrive just in time for MAndy to get himself 2 match points. all the fun - none of the angst! er, he better take one of them..."
"Hood morning Queen"
"Don't miss Zara's Acting For Film workshop at SOURCE on Monday!! It's gonna be cool."
"Knicks/Rangers/Mets....FAIL"
"Two more hours to vote for Ross! New leadership for a safe SF. Endorsed by current sheriff, democrats and bay guardian. Vote now!"
"Don’t let someone else’s opinion of you become your reality. -Les Brown"
"Still up.... Sleep soon?"
"did you and your girls have fun last night at the NFL Draft party at Bounce Sporting Club?"
"Ha! Agreed."
"wow questionable call there...did Waltman have possession?"
"OH in VGW chat room: \"Diablo 3 beta is up and includes Macs. How do I play\" | \"Click on things till they die. Pick up stuff. Click again\""
"lol, mom didn't entirely agree. But oh well."
"exploring pottermore, nbd ;D"
"#Pens power play sets up for 30-second intervals for the one perfect shot & that shot usually ends up not even going on net."
"LMKasprzak re: CMC -- voluntary commitment to excellence + demonstrated results + high professionalism (ethics and professionalism)"
"living Sucker Free"
"For attention they wear less. They`re just mad because I still get attention wearing sweats LBS....."
"that link you just posted was dead"
"The lady in front of me at starbucks paid for my fruit & yogurt parfait. Thank you so much!"
"I'm neglecting you again. /:"
"Happy Mothers Day! Where did you take mom for a delicious \"thank you\" meal today that she didn't have to cook herself?"
"I always think I am at the beach on my roof.... Nope just Harlem"
"Just went to my sister's soccer game. She won 9-5. she scored 1 goal."
"I'm not saying I need a guy.. but damnit, they know how to pop your back."
"Bottle of wine, rotisserie chicken and the Canucks game on TV in 30 minutes."
"let's just say not many ladies take rides in his dodge lol"
"that sounds like a lovely morning."
"An opportunity for those of us 12 years old and OLDER to run the bases is a much needed promotion at Safeco."
"Bourbon vs. Scotch. Where do you fall?"
"I feel good when I hold your hand, but when you're gone it's not enough."
"#Rush's 1st Tweet! RT : Here's how the opposition astroturfs advertisers. Smart piece from Pls. Retweet ht ..."
"yeah i know but oh well"
"Congratulations on ruining your show. Karen is not Marilyn. You just lost a viewer."
"AT&T customers can also text 'Vote' to 3405"
"I'm wearing green b*tch don't touch me"
"I'm at school gunna take a huge test! Wish me luck? xo"
"Women r just as bad as men, caught a chick starin at my jeans yesterday. I felt like a piece of meat, but I liked it. I WAS CTFU!!!!!!!!!"
"who won that game?"
"Hmm, next week is kinda packed already. Wanna shoot for the week after?"
"Good so far... (#Royals #Rangers)"
"rofl gross"
"Pretty mad that my sister has been home like only two nights this week -___-"
"Yaya! It's New YearS Eve! I love this Holiday =)"
"Apparently DMCA's long arm also keeps you from hacking your computer."
"a monkey shit in your mouth? how do you figure? lol"
"What an honor to be part of such a great group of chefs. Thank you."
"I'll see if I can find that article"
"yay your on twitter!!!!!!"
"RT : Doing a class about SEO around early-Feb. Does that interest anyone? Contact Matthew"
"the is the one that so many would be great individuals break their necks against"
"In regards to same sex marriage, which thank God was voted out in N.C. yesterday; please read I Corinthians 6:9-11."
"I am thinking of starting an anonymous Twitter account solely to quote my mother-in-law."
"HIV is the human immunodeficiency virus. It is the virus that can lead to acquired immune deficiency syndrome, or AIDS"
"oops i should've looked at who you were talking about, but Fieri isn't part of the local Fantastic 5"
"Outta here! New York Mets owners and a trustee for Bernard Madoff's fraud victims have settled for $162 million."
"Thanks -- hope you get there soon!"
"Minivan gang."
"i love you so much it's unhealthy."
"Who won the In Memoriam award?"
"Only rappers you listen to is E-40 & Pac? RT : right here Precise I bought all 3 of those albums I love E-40"
"Tired from a long day at work and then gym :( Going to bed good night guys!!!"
"Ugh my tummy hurts"
"oh yeah lol, best phone ever but blackberry need to step up they app game"
"Thank you for all the information shared this morning! I learned quite a bit!"
"Getting my dog cleaned up so he can go visit my aunt"
"is one of our favorite clubs to play at! Made our trip to Montreal perfect! Can't wait to sing there again in the future..."
"About to go tanning with my baby! I love that he tans with me, haha :)"
"lmoa ima insert like a coin in the casino"
"thanks to everyone for supporting Bloodycheckers !!"
"wow, still $109 million less than the broadway production ;)"
"Related: When you put melted chocolate on ice, it will not stay melted."
"Started reading \"Little Brother\" today cuz Amie told me to."
"should follow me back <3"
"follow please"
"traffic has poured over onto Rainier ave. wow."
"we are. king and queen!"
"#Scandal season finale!"
"listening to 2cellos makes me want to play my cello again."
"English teacher is late"
"go and have fun you deserve it."
"just stumbled upon a real gem with ...friendly service, great prices. makes my life A LOT easier!"
"lol that's pretty gross ^.^ dontcha think ?"
"Great pic! That bacon sounds out of this world!"
"do it girl i wish i could"
"Yeah both of you are really strong!"
"whats your wii characters name?"
"Tee hee LOVED THE RANT :P I'm A #Hufflepuff and I freaking love you <7 MAGICAL LOVE"
"So proud of you, POTUS!"
"This Day in History: May 10, 1994 Nelson Mandela is inaugurated as South Africa’s first democratically elected president. RT |"
"almost. better than nothing!"
"Dunno :/ I think the follow messed up (if you followed me?). I don't see you anywhere."
"Hey old people, cut out the winking"
"Kari Allen of Groupon: in 46 countries 500 markets. For users it's not the discount but thrill of doing something different"
"countining down the days!! Hurry up and get these dawg-gone finals out da' way!! ;P"
"waz up peeps, i gotta go find some fur for lady loki =)"
"CO has more than 120 'structurally deficient' bridges, and 52% of our roads are 'poor,' sez CDOT. We're #proudtopay to fix 'em."
"Then I was referred to Car Crafters. The people there were so understanding and caring."
"Hope everyone had a great thanksgiving. A lot to be thankful for."
"yeah kill it in D town. I will be there watching."
"boah where tf u been ? I been textng u tramp !"
"happy mother's day to everyone"
". Follow Me And Ifollow Yu Back ."
"yeah u have to let me borrow that"
"base god nigga"
"this shit right here this shit this is a love seat I cnt even sit on it if I aint in love omg"
"It takes money to make money. #factsoflife 💰"
"This Friday the 13th, join us at Sean O' Callaghan's for a boondoggle of mind-boggling soul joggling."
"Join OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani 4/9 6:30 pm @ Central Library auditorium 820 E Street for An Evening of Persian Poetry and Literature!"
": The Online #Poker Act: US jobs, money for #deficit, & consumer protections! Pls hold hearing on HR 2366."
"LSU's Book Bazaar begins today! That's cool, I didn't really need food money for March anyway."
"You're welcome, Melissa!"
"\"Everybody hears, but few listen.\" - #BobKnight or #HanSolo ?"
"Cried my eyes out. Omg."
"Back in KC"
"LMAO, ok well Happy Birthday anyway my friend :)"
"Happy Thursday to everyone!!! What exciting plans do you have this weekend?"
"When Becky makes Dirty Bananas before 5 >>>"
"follow me back"
"I just came across your blog - such a great resource for introverts! Have u covered networking for introverts?"
"\": This wind is trying to fight.. I see you dawg. #iseeyou\""
"Best Whiteland Baseball Player Award goes to (:"
"I can't seem to multitask. #Brewers have 100% of my attention."
"Can i possibly be in love with being me as a famous singer songwriter for a very long time or can i just be me as a crime scene investigator"
"YAY JUST DON'T PISS ME OFF"
"which space is that? Very nice."
"YES! #Cataloging & #metadata Invaluable for anyone interested in tech services, archives, digital librarianship"
"could you please send us more info? We'd like to get this straight. You can email me at thanks -Jill Ryan,"
"Having a RT contest tomorrow for free admit/lunch to next month's event. Thanks for leading the charge!"
"RT : \"Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.\" Unknown ♥"
"“: #UFF Warning: Pick it up! You're not posting like when I followed you!” // wow. Work happens UF. I did."
"I wud freak the freak out if followd me"
"A bit brisk out there this morning. At least there should be heat in the car on the drive down to Urbana."
"Thanks for reminding me about the Olympics! Doesn't it start at the end of July? Might book tickets around that..."
"That awkward moment When a completely random person likes a photo of you, and you're just like \"WHO THE FUCK IS THIS?\""
"Saw the trailer for #KKTNY & cried. I'm such a sap. But seriously power to you for always being open with your fans"
"I have to buy wrapping paper"
"what the flying gammebrs"
"heard some tracks im an a&r in the A we need tracks!!"
"nah i feel you.. just had to call it out it was sexy tho lol"
"No work for me today"
"J. Peterman is narrating this dog show. Where is mr. pitt?"
"I m addicted to the song thug le <333"
"well that sucks"
"Work dont stop. I move according to the work"
"It is better to be beautiful than to be good. But... it is better to be good than to be ugly. - Oscar Wilde"
"Heard Tea Obreht read tonight. She balanced excerpts from her novel with backstory about writing it. Great way to engage the audience."
"starting my GGS smoothie today only green I like is lettuce hate veggies will I like this..bought vitamix pls RT back super fan"
"[This is Good]"
"OKC is an exciting team, but you got to respect Dirk. When he's on the floor you can never count his team out."
"#durban can you give me tips on what you recommend to do in Durban, So. Africa? Where to go on a safari? Where to shop for gifts? what to do"
"I am completely fascinated by Betty White. The world is so lucky to have her!"
"Looking at the art & architecture in Spain makes every notion seem possible. Alhambra to the Prado to Gaudi. Stirs the soul and the mind."
"Not weird at all! RT : is it weird I am still talking about Stanton Social??"
"are you going to classes tomorrow night???"
"#askalexconstancio Do you love your life???"
"Finals is going to be the death of me My autopsy will say \"cause of death:Biology overload\"And here I was hoping it would say something cool"
"DA Pat Lykos done! FBI!wouldn't that scare u if DA investigated you just for serving your community?”"
"Pretty good crowd for tonight's Franklin Township Community #School Board meeting. Have a feeling many will weigh in on pay-to-bus issue."
"If I have to miss the Vikings/Packer game at least its for HANSON AT THE RAVE TONIGHT!"
"IV been wanting to try that and the method with the gummy bears to and skittles"
"Started a new contract with Arby's to update 14 of their North Texas Restaurants."
"well i guess she fell asleep on me on well! (: her and her naps haha lol"
"No! Its the cutest!"
"At the crib lol can't wait for nov6 Iam going to NYC =]"
"#IORMB the music video extravaganza!!!!"
"My index finger is killing me :("
"Your avi is really pretty!"
"Agree! I have students tell me these stories. Some teachers make calls during class. Sabotages the rest of us."
"I'm sick of this feeling I'm done"
"You can rely on the old man's money. (2x)"
"Ugh I hate morning breath...."
"I got a lesson in flood planning, as well as neighborhood organization at the WNA meeting today."
"RT if u wish austin was your boyfriend :)"
"for what nigga!?"
"Higgens is one of the best restaurants in town, hands down. I'm jealous."
"Guys are lame ... except"
"when are you gonna go to florida"
"I just finished your book crush it... Loved it! Look forward to meeting you one day."
"Haha. I now have a very vivid idea of what downtown Northhampton must be like."
"Yooo we c u doin ya thing my nigga down here in the Southeast #VA #757 KEEP GRINDING"
"We are not human beings having a spiritual experience"
"RT I am a bad person. A very bad person. Bad, bad, bad. This is why: www.bodyforwife.com/anonreferral.html ...brilliant."
"Having a convo w/ my 70 year old mom about POTUS & gay marriage. MOM: I don't know why people try to run other people's lives."
"I didn't know there was an art to it!"
"How is #GreatBoobs trending & I wasn't notified?? That's like great ass trending w/out Kim K #my boobs fuckin rock"
"you taught me great things over the years, like not to hot glue feathers to my fingernails anymore"
"Today in Literary History: On April 21, 1816 Charlotte Bronte (author of JANE EYRE) was born in Yorkshire, England."
"that is JUST what we needed to #themuppets are on the holiday schedule now! cc:"
"Who needs pumpkin pie when you can have Panettone? We are your Panettone Headquarters. Stop in & pick up a treat for your Thanksgiving host."
"GUYS. MY PERSONAL ACCOUNT JUST GOT FOLLOWED BY AUSTIN MAHONE<3"
"every day is a struggle"
"just accept the fact that they are human like you"
"58% of WVians give WV public schools a grade of C or lower"
"Wtf is a"
"Just because you were worried and concerned for me, doesn't make what you did okay."
"Helping my Dad do yardwork. This rocks."
"Have you seen today's Your Turn? could air your comments on First at 4!"
"If u know u wear a 2x and u always squeezing ur ass in a Lrg. Girl js stop and"
"Why haven't they installed a mirror on cars that only cover your blind spot??"
"sorry i missed yesterday! i was sick, and unfortunately still am."
"They sure do talk a lot In woody Allen movies."
"You are the bestest EVER!!! I think it's working!"
"I don't own one but have test driven. It'd be tight to sleep, and there are better cars for mileage depending on your budget."
"Little reunion with Jessica and the crew:) hella missed them!"
"Tired & headachey. Want to sleep."
"LMFAOOO (Anthony laugh)"
"did u get a new phone?"
"KHALED Take It To The Head is classic!!!! go get that #PIL2 by Ja Rule for me my brotha i know you loyaled to rule"
"Today is FCAT day! Good luck to all!"
"I don't think i'm gonna get either of the projects that are due monday done.... -_- my partner doesn't even care and the other one is lame(;"
"I see everybody talkin about twerk it from VIC is it bumpin"
"Busy, fun day: 's chapel talk, Reagan (and cupcakes) in Presidential Rhetoric, Baldwin Oratorial Contest, & play rehearsal!"
"Off to Miami bitch"
"It's been overcast here most of the day and occasionally rainy. Good for reading, for sure!"
"“The scientific name for a western lowland gorilla is 'Gorilla gorilla gorilla\" #formbanana #PeelBanana #GoBananas!"
"is awesome. Follow them for opportunities for undergraduate poets."
"today i'll be testing my theory that pizza pie for every meal = a more productive work day."
"Thanks Google+ for shoving that Time magazine cover photo down my throat."
"Good move #Bears acquiring Brandon Marshall!"
"I’ve had enough of your crap~ toilet paper on strike."
"The answer is ALWAYS Theon. Always."
"O: someone has the username ManuelFool."
"NAH! That young character was so short!"
"nothing like sitting in my office over hearing a fellow coworker sing Christmas carols #holidayspiritscomingout 🎄🎅🎁"
"My career makes me long for death."
"Thank you! Nice for the next couple!"
"Thank ya"
"that would be sick bro."
"Always happy to help."
"The Economist: \"In Homs they are burying their dead under cover of darkness, for fear that the mourners...will become the next victims.\""
"RT : Note to Photogs: use a small watermark on your images, put a photo credit and link on all your photos too"
"hey i am the hugest fan of you, no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back. =)"
"guys that fuck like they scared<<<<< you sure straight nigga lol"
"Great morning... Two More Days of school left...yes!!!!!!"
"thank gawd we happen to bring the swagger to swag. I'll bring Sloane some during my office visit!"
": thanks n bless you sir"
"I feel ya"
"um do not try to replace ryan gosling ever."
"Yo mama was a extra on the Simpsons and shit nigga"
"Back to the vet today, this time for the other dog. I am expecting bad news. This is the bad part about having pets."
"i completely agree! There is nothing worse than emotional abuse and people who do that are very messed up and cruel."
"Open Tues-Sat 11-8 & closed Sundays; private parties/meeting space or catering on Mondays. Winter hours until April."
"like a villain? :-)"
"Hanging with the family... Having a good time love them so much"
"People from #Newhampshire, You have less than 2 Hours to Vote for a better America! Get off Twitter & Vote for Ron Paul"
"RT : I don't trust these bitches🙅"
"Please return soon Josh, I'm missing you!!! Much <3 always xoxoxo Tiffy ;)"
"Incredible move right there by Giroux. Short-handed with a slash."
"or you could just wish for Lebron to do better. but you're black so continue on."
"RT : \"Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.\" William Shakespeare"
"I wonder what he thinks every time he looks at me."
"So choose more often to enjoy, and happily experience life on your own enjoyable terms.— Ralph Marston"
"good, just hanging out with my kid. We went hiking yesterday, it was fun but exhausted. What have you been up to?"
"Could not be happier to only have 2 more days of high school left!"
"One of the #rwtastingcrew wants to know: are there any indigenous grapes to Israel? Why or why not?"
"Thanks for the retweet. Where do you practice ?"
"i hate whn ppl say dey gonna do sumthin and whn its time for them to do it they dont even pic up da phone...mood:"
"Pizza and a soda with Lisa Giglio at gibbys pub"
"It's mostly a $$ decision for us, but I'm looking forward to it. Feel silly that it's taken us this long to get one!"
"#imA Normal girl, Living life to the full, No one's better then anyone! X"
"Home brew entrants getting Brown Ales ready for judging next week!"
"“: I tried caviar tonight and I liked it!” Man caviar?"
"I live in Chi-town and if it wasn't for twitter wouldn't know about Humber. Hate when CWS get the FOX game. Rather watch anyone else."
"Tyrone outlaw 26 and 6 in the big win for garner road 16s. Over dreamvision"
"Remember, the root of ignorance is \"ignore\""
"I might go to Chiki&Pete's tonight with my cousin....."
"Things change. People change. Feelings change. It's a good thing that memories never do."
"I really want a party like the ones they have on My Super Sweet Sixteen."
"What have you been listening to this month? Tell us what you've found inspiring recently."
"PLZ RT THIS CUZ I LOVE U SO MUCH!!! :)"
"Hello! Do you have any cute rain boots in stock?"
"Dude, just started following you. You're killing it on the Jets beat, keep it up. CC:"
"Check out for the Newest releases from Neal morse..."
"OMG, just finished a string of big projects and now breathing. Ahh, the relief! (Relief will last day or 2, then antsy 2 jump in 4 more!)"
"high ponytail w/ fishtail braid 😁"
"Just saw \"The Entertainers\" @ #WIFilmFest. Got to meet a few of the pianists beforehand; one played me some Hoagy Carmichael. Amazing night!"
"cool, So you better not die Mar. 23 because i want that hug (; hahah"
"RT : Traffic safety enforcement right now in GP & - run stop sign & meet our today."
"Friday!:D"
"Welcome to the paaarrrty"
"Just saw Return of the King extended edition on the big screen. Such an awesome movie, it didn't even feel like 4 hrs went by."
"I've got a little crush...haven't had one of those in forever"
"#BandsILove One Direction duh!"
"I always say I like Kentucky and Baylor, the most talented teams in the #NCAA but I chose NC to win it all this year!! #FinalFour!!!!"
"Ron Brooks Bills Jersey Nike – Buffalo Bills select LSU CB Ron ..."
"#aboutme i think penguins are adorable"
"Zero-Sum arrangement, no bargaining with #zombies!"
"i don't believe you"
"maybe I should jump on a place to #Nashville its 34 in Seattle."
"admit its an acquired taste...I hated raising Arizona first time I saw it but like it now"
"u got a fan and a follower here!"
"\"Through conversations you build relationships. #socialmedia is a tool to for this\""
"So many gaps in the Nuyorican story!Nothing on 'bodegueros' the first urban mercados1940s onwards @ Centro archives. But Not giving up."
"W/ casserly's definition of OER, a cc licensed work with 'no derivatives' doesn't count. #SXSWedu Is 'sharealike' required?"
"Dr. Baker-Schena gave a lot of work, whipped my writing into shape and gave lots of hugs & laughs. Wouldn't be here w/o her."
"goodnight and happy friday ^_^"
"Thank you for the RT and the always talented Special shoutouts to"
"They can't login without logging in, yes. To report, just email and point us to the spam."
"Late night calls with the bestie >>> because we can't go a day without talking :)"
"#design+tech"
"yeah, too bad it's not mine..."
"Sure, *now* dinosaurs are cool, but when they existed they were dreadfully unhip."
"#betterwithdetroit Rocked! I think Mom had more fun than kids!"
"#sun7 the young teen mum interviewed by did really well on the show and made some valuable points. Good on her!"
"I don't know who opened up this free Android Hotspot on this Deutsche Bahn train, but it's teh awesome. Produktivität!"
"I'm sad I wasn't able to come to the LA Actors Tweetup."
"The awkward moment when you have a Facebook friend request from your parents and they ask why you haven t accepted them yet."
"You'll probably never find them and die alone, but they're out there"
"nobody wants to be the face of golf."
"Just finished the Godfather novel. Now to watch the film in a completely new light"
"\": I wish I could trade my heart for another liver... so I could drink more, and care less.\"<<<I think we are soul-mates?"
"Coaches come join for free today find the player you are looking for no cost"
"is it time to start planning THATcampVA2011, yet? How about now?"
"God is especially faithful to those who are faithful to Him!And we can always count on Him,though others may fail us.He never will!<3"
"True! It's easy to get an idea and then be making a crazy deadline. \"I'll query this in 3 months!\""
"PA PA PA PA PA ♪ Las verdaderas Jonaticas entienden :D"
"loved it! “: The dress worn at Pitchfork Festival was by Elina Sheripova, for all curious.”"
"First Boulder DA to ever be honored for anything!"
"too bad they can't put the dancing baby from the 90s or some other character on the screen when they talk"
"Good nite my followers"
"This big black guy is teaching my \"booty bouncin workouts\" at the gym right now... Don't know whether to be amused or scared. #bootywork!"
"LMAO! your mass hungry...here we go again lol"
"Absolutely! Caramel and chocolate and nuts and more!!!!"
"He should have stated away from Glastonbury. That did them in!"
": Heyy I saw you today :) haha"
"i was expanding possibilities of resolving the challenge ;)"
"web designing and creating!"
"Little late to the party. Wiley come down this weekend. will snag the boat for Sat."
"has such a great blog! I love her Paris pics! I had no idea the Amélie café was real!"
"I <3 those and save for the \"other\" days"
"Come on #MiamiHeat! Let's do this! 87-MIA vs 89-NY"
"ran in 40 degree Chicago cold a few miles!! I am a true California Girl now & ready to be back at least in the 60 degrees but workout great!"
"What is your idea of summer fun"
"Coming up on Jay Leno: Rick Santorum! I am staying up!!"
"hi girl! hope is your December going?"
"I had \"Sexy and I Know It\" stuck in my head earlier, I feel your pain"
"Jenn ur a very important part of my new alter ego"
"RT Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant."
"I don't know what to do with my life now that the Kentucky Derby is over. Thanks for nothing, Calvin Borel."
"lovin the avi... In the future literally everyone will be a DJ (we are nearly there)"
"I am starting to think that #FloydMayweather is scared to fight #MannyPacquiao; he seems to have an endless amount of excuses."
"Mujicians Debut Album \"Feel Good Mugik: Full of Cliches and Replays\" out August 9th! Everyone pick up at Itunes and leave a nice review ha."
"I wasn't sleeping, I was In a meditative state awaiting the return of my love... Ugh, never mind Naps are good!"
"i'm a #GMIC newbie. looking forward to meeting everyone & being a good member. good to see so many friendly names on twitter!"
"We think smart planning can outsmart nature's extremes+poor driving+insufficient transportation opts+jacknifd truck on 695?"
"I see you!"
"#Kony fizzled. (Sounds like a line from Snoop Dogg)"
"“: Congrats to my franes & :')”quiet over there (:"
"You can't believe a rumor!If you think something is true about me and it really isn't,don't you think you should ask before assuming it? O_o"
"I love taylor swift"
"Could u talk to Victoria for me and tell her igot a song that i wrote and its copywrighted its really nice and she sing plz!"
"does it bother you when people mix up your and you're?"
"Great read! I'm a sucker for a well-written profile piece. I stuck around for the Harrington and Gira Q&As, too... cool pub!"
"---> This!!!!!!! MT : #petpeeve conference sessions with lots of time spent going over univ fact sheet data. Don't care."
"That goes against one of eReader's principle selling points, and makes no sense. I pay happily for physical books all..."
"That sounds like a sad family memory. Love Airstreams (though from afar...no experience IRL outside MOMA exhibits)."
"Please check out my firm's new website, let me know what you think, and refer me to clients!: www.madisonpllc.com."
"Twitter jail"
"What song do you got stuck in your head?"
"Still #reading Cleaving. Trying and failing not to hate her. An ounce of remorse would be helpful."
"Bria's interlude"
"I'm having a blast🎉🎉"
"If you haven't already, get your FREE copy of \"The Conscious Consumer's Guide to Supporting Black Businesses\" supportblackbusinesses.com"
"Can't wait for my new #michaelkors glasses! I feel like damn Velma from scoobydoo 😖"
"We help to fund investments through our events Life 3.0 and Do-A-Thon, that's how we connect people"
"#np: , Everything in it's Right Place"
"Yes. Grand opening is May 5."
"how come you aren't in the running for the A-list awards?!"
"that google guitar is plucking crazy.. i been trying to play twinkle twinkle for the last 15 minute.."
"I agree"
"Thank you for following us. We have developed a computerless, digital textbook and wonder if we should collaborate."
"\"Big Nigga\" is back and I can't focus."
"Cheesecake making session is on your, calendar! MUAH."
"Jammin some Katy Perry feeling like a g right now"
"Hiya new #VINTAGE luvbugs"
"That amazing moment when you realise its Monday which means YouNow' on!! <3"
"FRIEND HIM!! Seriously! He needs more friends in his feed!"
"Looking forward to my day at tomorrow!"
"about done for the night...it's hard sleeping right after you work out."
"RT : \"Are you the drummer for Cee Lo Green?\"- guy in the elevator"
"Planning on making a cover. Time to take out the keyboard<3."
"She going thru something"
"I thought I left the Windy City on Sunday..."
"I'm done."
"riot fest is on my birthday fdsajlkfdsalj"
"4 more hours to kill"
"yep colds can be sneaky"
"Awesome slides!"
"never say that to me again."
"No thanks."
"Laying up with your boo watchin a movie >>"
"FDMF huge sub penn play now in effect"
"I can't even pay attention when I'm tweeting -.-"
"Thanks. She was a sweet little lady."
"Do any of you know what's going on with the Admirals and their goaltending decisions?"
"Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.54"
"has the most followers on #GooglePlus. In case you were wondering"
"same as , i made it an option, but didn't require. used Flash."
"Please go to my site www.normanrayfitts.com and click on \"The Sentinel\" and let me know what you think of the cover for the book. Thanks"
"Dery From jakarta RT : my word who is this?"
"What restaurants would you like to sample on February 24? Suggestions welcome!"
"you have no idea how much it delights me to see the Vitamin S campaign slogan. Visionary leadership for sure."
"oh my god... my body is ready XD lmao. ahha, guess what?! :)"
"Have A Great Day N. A Good AM to all my Followers....."
"More of whatever you want, Dave."
"IM READY FOR SUMMER"
"DOUGH RAISING NIGHT FOR SPECIAL OLYMPICS! This Wednesday, all Papa Murphy's locations donating 20% of Wednesday's sales to Special Olympics."
"All these chicks they getting raunchy at the same damn at"
"With every award Adele wins, L.L. Cool J's dimples get bigger. :)"
"It sux that that I fall asleep early, wake up 9 hours later n still tired as f**k...wats up wit that?"
"Still musing an article about teen fashion blogger with 400,000 hits a month. Maybe we librarians who blog need sexier shoes."
"Its funny, not once as a kid did I watch The Muppets and noticed the strings."
"Thanks for the follow #voices #voice over"
"I know the feeling - can't wait to hear how it turns out"
"so far so good. I will keep you posted on the progress. Next round is Thursday."
"ATTN!> SXSW Promoters/Organizers etc. We are currently lookin for any other open time slots @ any show/after/houseparty/pool.. hit us up!!"
"Haha - it depends on which album. Overall, I agree though: NIN is much more conducive to data analysis than writing reports."
"Thanks Brian! We are looking forward to an exciting 2012 event. Hope to see you there!"
"I'm a young, educated black man and business owner. I own two media companies, & give us a shout"
"wen does fantasy football season start¿"
"MT : Good luck to everyone taking #FoodStampChallengeNYC this week ...you can do it!"
"So fed up. I'm about to be done."
"RT: go rolling out 1080p streaming in next couple of days - via 's"
"Tyler is too funny"
"Still learning bird speak but I think I can safely say this whole thing is tweetalicious (and healthy). www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com"
"We misschu too!"
"...and to have had the opportunity to love her in return. After a long and happy life, she passed away today."
"I love working, but if I did this it would poison and cheapen my brand. Money isn't everything plus Wife ain't having it!"
"Happy Birthday <3333"
"#Wisconsin #scottwalker #republicans #teaparty snatched the #panties off #unions #publicemployees #middleclass - #Democracy to"
"Back to the Fort!"
"no, what if they kiss?!"
"ok i'll be famous someday too :) jk jk"
"Everyone's raving about GERHARD RICHTER PAINTING: “Thrilling…akin to being in a museum that’s come alive.” - Film Comment"
"Thanks for the mention!"
"I cant wait to see N tonight!!!"
"Happy birthday to my favorite twins James and Evelyn!"
"Will be posting an article that was done on Somaphony and the development of the brand with a few tidbits of word from an interview."
"been a playya since forever fool"
"Who wants a shout out???? Must be following me & ! tell me if you want a shout out♥"
"thats for sure everybody thought thatwe wuld die when the ball dropped"
"\"It Started to Rain\", Amos Lee. Very very sad song."
"Hey, are you coming to reunion Kelly?"
"Seems like we keep saying the same things over and over"
"My wife and I shared a nice lunch at Pure in Fountain Square yesterday. Looks like you've already eaten tonight though."
"Whats the difference between a knife and a girls argument? The knife has a point!"
"Just saw Gov Kasich walk by our office. I don't know if he's had a hard week or bad lunch, but the dude looked haggard."
"Looking forward to starting my Masters program in a couple of weeks!"
"Great time with Awesome Genuine people Thank you for being apart of my life."
"\": if dunn hits for cycle, i'll dye my hair hot pink.like to see that happen"
"My grandma has not moved off that couch yet. I'm about to flip that shit over!"
"I was totally thinking cookies."
"Happy Birthday to our intern Tudor!"
"Why did the monster go into hospital?To have his ghoul-stones removed."
"thanks for following me, good luck to your sister in law in the Nat Geo competition & for plugging women in science."
"Do you go out of your way to learn about your habits, relationships and strengths?"
"It's alot of coonery on the Expressway today! Dudes getting out of their cars hollering at females walking like they won't get ran over!"
"#MXpresidentialDebate Josefina: \"I'd like PEMEX to be open to private investment, that families could buy public bonds\""
"OK, officially obsessed with \"There She Goes\" by the Listened to it on repeat and it's all I can think about. Love it!"
"Check Out Official Clipper Anthem \"Fresh Like Me\" on YouTube featuring #JonnyTee New Single \"Friday Night\" June 5"
"i must have \"fuck me over\" sketched on my forehead."
"Free Beer Friday: Come up with a new ESPY category and a sample winner! Call in 303-297-1510 or e-mail for free beer!"
"I Have Not Heard One Thing From A Laker Fan All Series Until Today Haha.. Hope Your Excited , OKC Is Coming Out The West"
"His dad told him to focus on college or find a shop& move out of our garage. From then on Jim pursued his love for repairing cars."
"can't complain. Where ya been?"
"Barack needs to wake up and fire this idiot TODAY"
"pretty good Jimmy. What's up with you?"
"Congratulations Whitney Houston! 8 weeks sober today!"
"come back hooker ;)"
"It's the little things and all the Joy it bring."
"you too? Whats up?"
"I am on my way to the fire in Columbia Heights. Some members of my staff are already there."
"If Cotto wins I'll buy you all ice cream."
"#Obama issues warning for"
"Great rehearsal today. Thank you guys! See you Friday!"
"Beautiful Sunrise, it's gonna be a great day!"
"Hey how's next week for you? Coffee? :)"
"wats up wit ya get back at me"
"...agree completely, including the necklace...."
"I dream to humungous heights; You dream in a minute manner"
"Coaching 1st and 2nd grade boys baseball. First practice today. Prayers appreciated."
"It will be interesting to see how physicians will be compensated for time they spend reading/sending social media to/from patients"
"This game probably means I won't be ironing my shirt tonight...hope my Godson understands."
"We just might have a surprise for to show them how much we really love them keep your fingers crossed ;]"
"#YouWereCuteUntil i found out you talked too alotta girls."
"Congrats to 'Briefcase' actor John Zderko for his role tonight on 'The Mentalist!'"
"No milk will ever be \"our\" milk."
"have fun you guys! Hope to see you both soon!!"
"RT I wanna dance and love and dance again :)"
"Porshe won Part 2 of the HOH, so it will be Rachel vs Porshe for Part 3 and the winner decides who they can get more votes than."
"What would happen? Coalition undermined, bloody war, and high costs."
"The Heat couldn't get a rebound if they were playing middle school girls."
"So was it Bush who is responsible? Seems like not all the snipers are in Tripoli..."
"Good Morning! I LOVE YOU! I really do and sincerely mean it people!"
"Look out world... another Hinojosa has joined twitter... welcome"
"1am, pitch black in my house, I grab my lightsaber for self defense and go downstairs to get juice. :)"
"True giving is giving when you have very little to give. Love and Light"
"MR (): \"We try to use mobile, texting, social media as a means to push brand message or interact with fan in some way\""
"most elected officials are. I commented on yesterday. He is so proud to sponsor border security bill."
"agree! health is the key and x factor in all sports--specifically baseball though because of length of schedule..grueling season"
"so funny."
"Sad to see Man on a Ledge debuted so poorly.... it was a really, really good movie."
"Thanks for the kind words. And I'm really sorry to hear that. I hope things are going OK for you."
"okay I may need to drop Valverde from my #fantasybaseball team.."
"Whoa. Just felt an #earthquake ."
"didn't change it"
"mine too. I have never been in a stadium louder than Wrigley at that point. Chills just thinking about it."
"pack your bags! :)"
"1.i love being naked 2.not for long"
"i wasn't worried he would be 0 few the rest of the season. i was more joking with all the raburn RT's you had recently"
"Mike, you might as well give up. Davis is showing to be an ironically close-minded individual right now."
"Nine more hours..."
"The Grand Hyatt San Francisco will begin work on the final phase of the $70 million dollar renovation"
"HEY JEFFERY...WE LOVE YA UP HERE IN NC...F/S..."
"what are you jealous ?"
"Gringrich is at it again! Master of misseducation!"
"I know, right?!"
"Whole ? of dig tenure/promotion metrics cld be helped if we just wiped out paper journals.When is the last time you read one?"
". maintenance staff for 6K acres of #Baltimore #parks has dropped from 500 to 50 over the last 20 (?) years."
"Profit in business comes from repeat customers; customers that boast about your product & service & bring friends w/them. W. Edwards Deming"
"#lastagetalks Review vs criticism. Very interesting responses."
"Saw another teacher tell his students to avoid Wikipedia, but the World Socialist Website the kid went to instead is better?"
"Move was successful - now i just need internet and TV set up."
"Stinky dumb mayo."
"Lady Rose is a DIVA!!!! Love her!"
"- can't believe you joined...FINALLY!"
"#MiamiShared: The kind of #office where no one EVER asks if you've \"got a case of the #Mondays.\""
"RT : YES! Q3) IDs need not only content dev skills but data hierarchy management skills - and perhaps .xml"
"I don't know about you but if trav's happy I'm happy. It's about time he deserves something beautiful in his life, even if it's not forever"
"Rainy night, I'm missing the time of living in the garage with sand bags and duct tapes outside but still worrying about the flood"
"why are you so damn adorable?"
"If you search for God or the devil under every rock, you will surely find them there."
"Q3 Would you ever lend money to a stranger in need? Have you?"
"blistered my own feet walkin barefoot so she wouldnt have to"
"I'm back home skanks"
"Daly - How many companies would say goodbye to customer to keep an employee because it is culturally right? Southwest Airlines will"
"You're very welcome, Jason!"
"#Betatesting Star Wars: Knights of the old Republic"
"“: Great to visit right before this road trip! Best deli in town!”"
"Our thoughts and prayers are with the #OkState basketball community"
"Can I use my napkin yet?"
"RT need to get more vocal tracks. either that or more acapellas and come up with more ideas. i have too many instrumental tra..."
"Thank you for viewing tonight! We pray that you were blessed until the next time Heaven smile upon is our prayer. See you Sunday at 1115!"
"Would you like to join the movement ? Join it by following !"
"Edge of my seat on Drag race!"
"Q: What is the difference between an illegal immigrant and E.T.? A: E.T. eventually went home!"
"Thank you so much. Every once in a while I have to get on my soapbox. LOL"
"It's my birthday today. For my birthday, I'd love for folks to send me flyers from their bowling alleys!"
"Thank ya, kindly :)"
"JET Terry rockin' his flashy championship ring on right now. That things SHINES!"
"yes sir. Search Ryan Estes Podcast."
"I know you never notice but it mean so much and make my night if you would please follow me back tonight<333"
"Just saw a white family with an adopted black 3yr old on a leash. Beat that."
"ok collier... do 2 in one month average to one every 2 months?"
"#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 63F FOG/MIST"
"really if you want to fight im almost 17 you can fight me not a 14 year old when ur 17 and a fat b**** ."
"New fresh salads start today . There great!"
"RT : Thanks to for inviting us to health care affinity panel! Great discussion on #Medicaid & #HCR in"
"f you!! Sometimes you gotta bend over lmbo"
"Knitworking. Today 4:30-6 in Bistro 151. Wearing bright red jacket! Bring business card and win some fiber."
"eeekk I'm bored"
"Who doesn't have an open bar at their wedding?!?! WHY wouldn't you??"
"Thanks for the RT, ! Hope to see you on September 11th!"
"Pizza and ice cream? Oh yeah. Cc:"
"For Italian week, J.S. Edwards will donate a portion of sales on Saturday, November 14, to the Children's Guild of Baltimore."
"Stopped in traffic this guy just got out his car to piss and a cop rolled up hahaha reminds me of that Nola trip"
"you are sexy(; follow? Please"
"Me. I can't move anything but my fingers lol"
"hahaha how in the world does that happen?! Maybe a heart attack from the stress of having to choose"
"Take care of those pearly whites and make sure your kids know how to brush properly! www.ada.org"
"wouldn't be valuable otherwise. Heartbreaking as it is, life is a beautiful truth, not always pretty."
"Gluten free chocolate chex I see why you cost a dollar more than all the other chex"
"It feels so wrong cuz it feels so right, but it's all right it's okay with me"
"Looking for folks in SD who are bringing their kids to work tomorrow, DM me or call 619-293-1350."
"It's coming along...put out an EP a little while back (just some acoustic tracks), and working up some new songs for another..."
"Keep trying bro u know how may of these questions she gets?"
"Are you a travel agent/agency?"
"#vsa2011 the closing session already?!? Time flues when you're having fun! What a great first VSA!"
"Yep RT: Great conflict of the Big Dance: I have Mizzou in Final 4. But how can I root against Norkfolk State now?"
"I don't give a sh*t - go home and play with your kids!"
"Jeanne Weinkle & Don Leeper are representing BookMobile at #toccon. If you want to get a hold of them, let me know & I'll make it happen!"
"Yeah I'm sure the dogs are ok.. #ThatsMyDad and his buddy, they're out in the garage drinking beer & singing along with the radio..."
"representing this morning"
"if we can do nothing else, let's empower the peaceful by watching them stand for what we know in our hearts we all need"
"Well great."
"Talking about music is like dancing about architecture."
"Bruce Irvin may be the best LB drafted by Seattle since Brian Bosworth."
"ill bring the ruffies;)"
"oh Steveth how we miss you. We shall be back soon with no promises of being the amazing rockstars we were again"
"My giant pink post-it for Shared Authority: That orgs realize good ideas can come from anywhere & anyone."
"Thanks Rick. Great site BTW"
"Love our walkers! RT : HeyLupus, ur starting 2 weaken, more survivors have failed your plans of destruction. WE WILL DEFEAT U"
"Can't lol sorry"
"You sure?"
"I'm proly at your Girl's house twistin up and blowin stank..."
"I wish I could meet again and get another photo since my old one got lost :,("
"How about both are great RT : Hm..I'm doing ACC..but thx! RT : Best thing about the Pac10 tourney"
"KARAOKE at Vintage Tonight!"
"lol but yeah"
"ohh ok that makes sense :) yeah it could be them, but what makes them so special that they could pose a threat to Klaus? Idk :/"
"HDA's Amy Zimmerman moderates #disability & the #law panel at today"
"I am thinking that my granddaughter may be born tonight or very soon :)"
"we should compare notes ;-P"
"I'm in a workshop today with just in case you didn't already know .... She is brilliant:)"
"right back at ya! Are you a #modelUN fan? #delegate?"
"If Christ rose again he'd be ashamed of Perry and the way his \"followers\" oppress & hate gays. There's nothin christian about it."
"Our Clark County Store is bursting at the seams with BRAND NEW CABINETS!"
"Shut the fuck up about the damn bad girls club DAMN , it's a Fucking SHOW ."
"HATE AND LOVE THERE REALLY IS A THIN LINE THERE"
"congrats! And I wrote a blog and mentioned YOU!"
"yo bet I will"
"great, can i have your contact info? thanks"
"I'm afraid that my daughter is growing up to be a Guitar Hero groupie."
"Need web, design, video or mobile apps? Let me know."
"you're a loser, because you never get on twitter, haha did you know you're one of my best friends?"
"My new commercial agents, Niche & Greta at Bicoastal, are totally understanding that I'm vegan & don't want to support McDonalds."
"omg! I told to put tooth paste in an oreo and she did! yeah! :)"
"Leaders talk so much about being innovative & focus on user centered design but when it comes to learning they forget about it."
"#coldageddon is right on the nose! Well done."
"Life is nothing but a series of crosses for us mothers"
"alllllllrrrriiiiigggghhhhttt.........why am i still in this house"
"the Pussy and Cock Fest 2012"
"good morning #Bestie:-) Work has been crazy, long as they pay me I can deal with it. Dating game is ova before it begun"
"IF JUSTIN BIEBER, KATY PERRY, & MILEY CIRUS CAN HAVE THEIR OWN STUPID TOUR MOVIE IN THEATERS, WHY CAN'T ?!"
"S/O to for helping us out with our website."
"yes exactly!!!"
"Oh thanks. That's music to my ears!"
"Almost ready to perform the 1st act of the play all the way through. It's a 25 pg monologue, you understand. Christ."
"Oh yeah P.S. lolol happy 050809 Lilly. ;D"
"11 Months Old"
"if I made her big titty ass squirt in the pool... I shud have cuz dats big titty money lol"
"These refs are terrible. Every replay shows Davis getting hammered with No calls"
"When you are having casting for a video in Miami let your Miami base twitter fans know!"
"Yum! Can't wait!"
"in dallas?"
"fo.low me"
"then come see me!!!"
"The Grammy Awards are bullshit u know!!! They're just a group of old-bitter-men but Mtv awards… ppl gets to vote…………………………………………………!!!!!!!!!"
"#YouKnowBritneysALegend when she's 30 yet still looks sexier and younger then your fav thats either 19 or 23..."
"One more minute for Halo Reach. I've been listening to nerd conversations this whole time.."
"Heading out to hillsboro farmers market. Thankful it's only sprinkling."
"I love you too <3 xx"
"Hahaha, I have the running ability of a sloth with four broken legs. Well..hopefully a little better than that, hah."
"A big win for US Soldiers coming home from war. Fucking VA should be ashamed it took so long to recognize these kids need a support system"
"Aint nobody checking for your garbage a lot of intuition I aint never finished college."
"Very excited for the Super Bowl because the Packers aren't in it"
"too many relevant lyrics in these songs. should I switch to a dubstep station? =_="
"aww serious? thanks so much! our EP will be out soon we'll have more videos! check our website for updates: www.icicledust.com"
"ANOTHER DAY ON THE GRIND FROM SUN UP 2 SUN DOWN MY BROTHA DA EARLY BIRD GETS DA WORM BITCH IM FEEDIN U BREAKFAST"
"who were you workin with?"
"actually I'm at home...almost got me though... Speaking of that. Do your best Jagger :]"
"OH MY GOD. I just read your Larry one shot thing and I was CRYING. magical♥"
"If you want to join #conchprobs, we are focusing on Ch 1-6. Although, it has turned to an odd fixation of my footwear."
"I'm pretty much a pro at ice skating;P"
"WOW over 110 retweets for today's #SOTW. We're feeling the holiday love! Ok, first $25 winner is.... - congrats!"
"Q this Election season, Do like your wings naked or breaded, hot or mild?"
"Actually, I thinking more Kevin Matias when we used the PPT on TV, but the Corey Ward comment was funny, too, haha xD"
"I was there for a wedding. Wife and I spent two weeks in the Kenai. Better question is what brought you to IN?"
"no sorry"
"My family loved Face Off. We're sad RJ didn't win, but Rayce deserved it just as much. Hopefully it will be back for another season."
"I hate brand whores."
"right on"
"I don't think we've spoken before. What's up? I'm gonna do \"Judas\" tonight at karaoke :)"
"my lover, my life."
"ha! smartass holiday greetings"
"Grandmas are the BEST"
"Everything has been figured out, except how to live"
"Blah Blah Blah Im Just Haven Funn"
"WE BUY GOLD & SILVER ! WE PAY MOST IN KENDAL !"
"And happy Grand Floral Parade Day to You Too! :)"
"No one is home and I'm starving to death waaahhhhh ):"
"Your jersey says your last name but your mine son! #iBeInTheGameOn4th&Inches"
"last chance for complete nudity around the house before guests arrive."
"On adiet no sweets and no fried foods for me!!!"
"I believe I got you a few vanilla lattes/coffees when you played for the"
"The GOP wants a brokered convention because they expect a miracle like Reagan to come out from the grave & save them."
"You're welcome! It's always good to share some blog love!"
"Ah! Well, if you're ever looking for someone to workout with, let me know."
"Oh yeah. I forgot about that. Coming right up!"
"#training2012 stedman graham...first step to transformation is love"
"We're there!!! // RT: 1/2 price burgers all night!"
"More NEW beats coming soon..."
"Yay for football 3 times a week!"
"Are u down with the get down???"
"Jerry!!,jerry !!"
"\"#Mom I'm sorry if I over-task you with bedtime ice all the time\" says a 9yo HamSter. The dudes like ice at bedtime..."
"Wow! End of an era as legendary Top 40 WABB/Mobile is sold to EMF; format flipping and staff will be released. Details in RAMP."
"Love that Morgan has no idea what Braveheart is when reporter asks about his Usain Bolt arrow pose. #fearthebeer 7-6 bottom of 9th."
"Now here comes the story that I mentioned....the music fades away"
"#ItsAwkwardWhen you plan an office birthday celebration and the person does not show up."
"almost 500 people follow your bed but you don't...whats up with that? ;)"
"Right? Its a match made in heaven~"
"please contact me directly and I'll get the recipe to you. Thanks!"
"5 followers away from a #GEEBZ giveaway! Follower picked at random. Help us get there!"
"Funny how a good bag of popcorn can change your outlook on life"
"Am I the only one who's surprised the Olden twins haven't made a creepy murder-suicide movie yet? David Lynch could direct..."
"Choclate tarts are my favorite!!!!"
"Kodak easy share aint so easy.."
"was i close?"
"Hamas' escalating attempts to force Israel into war are becoming irresistible. How will the world, Egypt in particular, respond?"
"lol. I do that! Hold it up myself, but same thing!"
"yea lol and oh iight :) So this kid i kinda like salls me like every night and were talking righ now and hes so random !lol"
"UPS came back! Lily Marie got a book too: Eric Hill's SPOT'S FUN FIRST WORDS! Wonderful gift from wonderful Amy Comito! & cool"
"hahaha its your dream girl!! Red head, kinda thick. If only we could confirm that she is in fact a she..."
"um no who told u that"
"Latest wx model still projects 12-16\"+ snow from SW to NE WI; Blizzard Warnings in effect thru Weds night"
"I love when we get surprise visitors in the studio! It was great seeing and Les from #Hardcore Pawn!"
"Watching the fight. Let's go Sugar Shane!!!!!"
"45 min left of HAPPY HOUR!!"
"lol yo fam did u play college ball or something?"
"#TrayvonMartin, Sgt. Robert Bales, anti-Semitism, etc. all current and top news. Why isn't Rick Santorum vomiting because of ALL OF THAT?"
"ok we here!"
"My sister and mom party hard apparently"
"I would never stress my self for anyone other than my self"
"- definitely.. That's no doubt.. Sometimes we complain because we're just human... But we'll be just fine, infact we'll b great!"
"Well I want to do a small run of the first year of Jayce's \"Sex Drugs\" column. 52 blogs, 5 exclusive, photos, & cover"
"I sent you an email about filming in your conference room soon. Did you get it by chance? :)"
"#TurnToYou is such a cute song <3 love you Justin :* is proud ! (:"
"Your welcome :)"
"Not just u. tech moment @ #Cwcon online--clearing caches and re-setting crons"
"Question: What makes you happy."
"Happy Hanukkah to all my Jewish friends around the world!"
"...oh Golden Compass references, the current bane of my existence at"
"I know we do & me either.. we have to restart our game... I lose count haha."
"i am tweeting u so u love me yeah"
"Thanks to all who attended the #kickstarter & indie publishing panel today!"
"\"bread is the paper of the food industry. You write your sandwich on it.\" did you write this coz it's brilliant"
"Day three of Decem-beard. The evo-lütion of The Stache. Photos to come. Let's drink to a hairy face!"
"You are doing it Carolyn! Congratulations!"
"That would mean interrupting the most important topic of his show...it's the same one everyday...himself"
"suggest reading Clayton Christensen's \"Innovator's Solution\" for understanding corporate innovation."
"what was it"
"Alright. Have a spot across the street from Met Gala. Here we go. Nina Dobrev just arrived."
"Celebrate suds! Today is International Beer Day! Our craft-style beers are only $3 ea from 5-7pm"
"#whitesox hitting coach Jeff Manto and White Sox 3rd basecoach Joe McEwing were both born in Bristol, PA. Imagine that! ."
"money over men, oh yea"
"Make sure you fill out our Cinco de Mayo survey to win a cool prize like free Sopaipillas a week until Mexican Independence Day in Sept."
"Pizza on jeans from last night bad idea"
"yea thats wassup!!! I ain't even going in expecting nothin I ain't lookin for no money!!! All I want them to do is expose my music."
"hey. not sure if I know you :p whats up?"
"we don't have any -.-"
"WHEN IS MY KITTY READY? I WANT IT NOW"
"Happy International Women's day to all of the beautiful, strong, and independent women in our lives"
"When your peeing and there's several open urinals and that guy pees right next to you."
"Congratulations to Brianne Grant! You have won the Facebook iPad 2 drawing!"
"Susan has officially lost her mind"
"Remember beta latch discount now through oct. 15 don't miss out!"
"Hm do I want Argo tea or Starbucks today!?!?!??"
"Thanks for the Twitter love guys, just gave your music a listen, great stuff!"
"I really would love to know what happened?"
"RT : Chiarelli said Seguin is on the path to \"becoming a star in this league.\"^BISH"
"I'm trying wunderkit now. I like the promise for teams but stability has been an issue in their beta"
"They were the #Cardinals before Albert Pujols, they will be the #Cardinals after Pujols. Thx for 11 great yrs, we'll move on and win a WS"
"If free agents all ready didnt want to come to cleveland letter just sealed the deal"
"doesn't everybody?!"
"RT : Amazing take-aways from Session 1 of the 2011 Christian Coaches Telesummit! God is up to something BIG!"
"obviously the #UnderratedEP duh (;"
"not yet trying to start"
"please justin follow me"
"Gotta love Chipper!"
"\"Come on Blake, dunk the free throw!\""
"Welcome to Twitter!"
"Hoping for a quick recovery so you can get back to dominating."
"I swear, I can't stay out of the doctors office! 👎"
"So hungry! Trying to decide what to it, but everything sounds amazing right now."
"I'll stab you in the front, never in the back."
"Hard gettn baq with the past if u had a planed on them being in yo future"
"I hope your party goes well! Wish we could be there to celebrate with you & C. xo"
"we've got joe cockers mad dogs and englishmen up ... But only because the cover is hilarious. Might need to reconsider that one."
"Florida Native Plant Society Conference will be held at the Sheraton Maitland-600 N. Lake Destiny Drive Maitland, Fl 32751. We will be there"
"That itch right in the MIDDLE of my back o_0!!!!!"
"I am going to check this out. I have been all about but the UI has changed a lot since I first started using it."
"morning all hope you all had a good time last night"
"Turned out to be a modem issue. I'm glad I had a spare on the shelf."
"unfortunately no. how's the fest overall?"
"deadMau5 n00bs have swarmed the twitter."
"#fitness kickstart your metabolism in the AM with a cold glass of water, juice or milk and some fresh fruit."
"There's always time to go fishing !"
"O shit I didn't know it was so late"
"It's such a bitch resetting. With the Xbox 360 controller, I just remove the battery pack."
"I'm getting my belly button pierced , bring kelsey up here"
"Phamaldehyde&heroin on cigarrette,with monster drink ,I'M ROIDED"
"Not happy about this losing streak caps are having on the road."
"I miss you"
"Good morning Brian! RT : Good morning to some of my radio east coast tweeps. & miss the morning crew."
"not really.."
"Desperate times calls for Desperate measures... #39 "
"Wisconsin Republican Senators issue orders to arrest 14 missing Democrat Senators...stay tuned."
"Went to the movies and the boys who sat by us looked exactly like One Direction(:"
"DC Choir Directors!! Learn how to pull the best from your choir at a \"Master Class\" taught by **JUNE 21** SAVE-THE-DATE"
"the premiere was Monday!"
"great flick. Great books too!"
"Our dogs seem to think alike..."
"represent true independent film have #lloydkaufman on, why not?"
"To my sportswriter friends, my buddy has officially tied DiMaggio's 56 game hittimg streak on MLB2K12, this.is worth covering, right?"
"I did it with my evo. Just wondering if it is possible with the galaxy s2"
"We haven't even settled on the phonetic spelling of the Law & Order sound, Louis! First things first."
"Mi phone so lonely! >.<"
"Seriously. It was a significant effort."
"Thank you for the mention of ISE!"
"lol, I know some people think he is talented but some people also like nickelback"
"What are they cosplaying? RT : We'll be hosting our first #cosplay #wedding this week! Very exciting :D"
"Had a strange \ fun dream ♡"
"Pizza and Sierra Mist with (; <3 #Scrubbin'"
"dating because we are kissing a lot & holding hands. But, the mall was supposed to be closed & we got trapped in there (c)"
"miss you too!"
"Hey i know that kid! Doesn't he go to our school? Haha jk!"
"so dreary out -- on a better note -- flyguys tonight!"
"This prom shit zoning me out ."
"It's hard to get out of bed when you know that all you'll be doing is studying all day"
"Sacha Baron Cohen is a tool. I get making a statement but he's just an ass."
"I haven't lost faith. The next episode, for sure"
"THANK YOU. Wonderful news, IT'S NOT BROKEN. God is so good and we are SO thankful. Thanks for your prayers. 😘"
"Are we living? Or are we just a figment of imagination."
"Emcee communion Party done..back at the radio station working..goal is to be home in time 4 apprentice . Lisa goes all the way?"
"do we have a test or quiz or w.e tmrw?"
"They probably all have Occupy Portlanders. #occupypdx arrest them all!"
"Craving grits..."
"ARIANA<3 u should give me a henna tattoo,haha <3i have 3 real tattoo's,but i want one from u !make me a walking masterpiece"
"That used to be my song lol"
"At Firestone puttin new tires on my car $2000 P Zero tires. Blessed 🙏"
"it would really nice if you would noticed me!"
"I think the Marshal's Service would be a better fit, already a part of the Federal Courts. US focus is presidential succession."
"Girls Feelin Groovy Disco Costume"
"When you are down and out something always turns up - and it's usually the noses of your friends. -Orson Welles"
"where you wanna meet up ?"
"thanks, it was great meeting you!"
"Real bishes follow ... she will not misguide you"
"The Music deauthorization limit is bullshit. What the hell Google?"
"SomeBody....anybody...please text me, I'm so bored, I have 85 minutes to waste."
"Happy Birthday :-)"
"RT : Fantastic! MT : We are planning a Personal Digital Archiving Day. Hope to host one in the next few months."
"Stanley Rosen from Santa Fe proposes \"prefigurative relations\"--a model for better communication and understanding in society"
"Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. Numerous showers and thunderstorms in the evening. Then scattered showers after..."
"What a great weekend! #ExploreFultonMarket was awesome. We'll do it again in Sept. It was just a great time."
"Friends--Alabama Mission Team on WOAI and again on Morning Show--set your DVR NOW!!"
"“: If “plan A” didn’t work, the alphabet has 25 more letters. Stay Cool”.. WORD!!"
"Shopped, walked the dog, and had a cookout with my family. I'd call that a pretty great Saturday."
"is going to bring it 2/17 at The-War-Eagle-Supper-Club, be there"
"thanks miss!"
"im bout to drop slyder music 2///and the last legend im working"
"Special deals on any pick ups in La Mesa, Lemon Grove, or Spring Valley today."
"how? you dont even know me"
"Hey twitter fans, take a minute and sign up www.iBand.me if you love music you will love the site!"
"“: Now that she is leaving the CBS Evening News, I'd like to see a show called \"Katie Couric's Alaska: with Books!\"”"
"I don't live in eagle, but I can meet right outside the door :D"
"It's so hot in my house that I'm contemplating turning on the AC. Thoughts ??"
"Will the free time gods smile on me tonight? Depends..."
"all good keeps have a bad spell, remember this is his 1st full season"
"In the weight room bOut to work heemington"
"The weather is not cooperating with my shopping plans... Looks like my typical Christmas Eve freak out is on schedule"
"ironic… I had to come to Phoenix to try a Pyramid beer"
"aww thank you so much."
"appreciate the Government Non-Court Library category"
"IDKS THEN. IM GONNA SLEEP THOUGH. NIGHT MRS STYLES LETS HOPE WE'RE IN THE MAGAZINE"
"we al three is ahahhaha . (; & we dont give a fuckkkk!"
"Brandon is looking at me like im crazy because im dancing and singing too N'Syncs \"just got paid\". This is when i need"
"Why hasn't thrown her cheeseburger on the Presidential menu? What is SarahPAC? Save money now and spend in June?"
"Happy Birthday"
"did he really drop ur phone"
"we're going in tonight. #TurnUpTime!! You better hit me up sooner than later or you getting left!"
"The despair of #poverty led to an aching heart and hunger to find a #sustainble solution. ~ #M121 CEO Brad Jeffery"
"Last puppies for sale.. Selling them cheap"
"yup. Faculty get more leeway, but anything social networking or video related is generally blocked. Kids still get around it though"
"haven't seen you in a while. Hope everything's okay:)"
"bruh we would stay on one.. ha"
"Read the first chapter of *Home* for"
"HEY SHOUT OUT FOR ME PLASE?"
"what up"
"gonna go jeans warehouse in a little bit :)"
"Pins and needles in my butt"
"I'm looking for a GOOD resume writer for a friend. Who do you know? DM me! Thx!"
"when do tickets come out for your tour? :D really excited about it <3 xo"
"lol I need a BB. Do u kno somebody who got 1"
"definitely pumped to see you throw down on 's stalker tonight. Could this be the best Shore ep ever?"
"If they cancel Awake, I'm holding you personally responsible."
"-thanks! You gotta be getting anxious yourself, eh?"
"Wad up TWITTER!!!!! lol"
"we'll keep an eye out, thank you!"
"we can never be alone cause we have our friends.. and finally, you ditch me like 6 time already, so yea"
"Next time! :)"
"perhaps something along the lines of your poor workload allotment does not dictate my course modification. ;)"
"I just doing me bitches going to get chair to the face(:"
"I just saw a guy without a nose.. no lie. he had no nose."
"thanks for following me too. I have 2 girls as well, 9 & 5. 5 yr old has multiple FAs (pnut/egg/soy...) EoE & few other things."
"that Laura Douglas girl on Facebook is a slut like damn."
"Excited about tomorrow!!! Brand new new line Silverflower Jewelry Designs and new restocks from Ttereve <3"
"#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout X"
"im boutta really diss both u fags"
"when is bacon day?"
"Me and are rooting for you !!! Good luck on tonight's #fashionstar!!"
"i haven't been on here in a good while"
"Thank you for the follow!"
"i need a summer job at ritas, forreal."
"So it looks like I'll be joining the engineering team over at in a few weeks!"
"or Brad Pitt in Fight Club"
"I KNEW IT"
"Meeting with Italian designer, Davide Nanni today for initial planning of our cart design. He's a mad scientist in the best way! Stay tuned!"
": What year did Rollins give his 3 wishes?"
"thanks for discovering !!now I don't have a life(;"
"Correction... Dr. Wood presents the candidate and Dr. Magruder confers the honorary degree."
"\"Curating my Twitter\" will be my new"
"This just isn't the same \"Top 28\" feeling anymore!"
"Erica did, & course work went quickly but dissertation has taken a while - but that's life, kid, work, move, etc."
"Connect with me on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Youtube! All links are in my profile!"
"Abundance is about being rich, with or without money."
"true true! :)"
"All this anti-KU schadenfreude I'm feeling will no doubt backfire on me when Jeff Withey inevitably ends up on the San Antonio Spurs."
"Last night I dreamed I bought a beemer. It was black and oh so shiny."
"Got a haircut. Hopefully people will stop asking me for Crystal Gail's autograph now."
"plus they missed something - dinosaur gas that bad would've meant it was very loud in the Jurassic period. :)"
"Vince is the best what a sweet guy."
"i followed"
"Peter Facinelli, a.k.a. Mr. Kelly Taylor, is on the show in ten minutes! and tomorrow, Tommy Wiseau! it's exciting times, folks."
"it cracks me up that folks are writing pieces now saying \"something's going on in NYC\" as if it's breaking news... :)"
"Been on a RAMPAGE givin' chicks their \"walkin' papers\". I know what I offer, but do you? I'm taking NO SHORTS & the bar is raised...meet it!"
"I am officially ungrounded. I think."
"we're coming to Pittsburgh April 28th! Get ready!"
"oh, DUH!! im a lil retarded. haha, how old are youu? sorry for another question bahah"
"\": american politics is such a childish game…smh\" ... <As Rodney King said: \"cant we all just get along?\"..."
"Sarah is having withdrawals lol"
"Peyton Manning is headed to Denver!"
"Sending in a rookie to close it for Venturas first win as a manager. Ballsy or crazy? What a game. #whitesox. ."
"I've had heel savers as a kid..but not taps . Grew up on stride rite .RT Man the roc really held us down for years"
"oh man, great shot!!! May I please use a version of that?"
"A little late-- but Merry Christmas from Occupy Cinema NYC."
"thnx, got u*"
"Thanks for the mention!"
"Thanks for the RT's yesteday! Did you guys buy the Starbucks deal?"
"thanks for the follow never met a link strategist before..sounds fun!"
"I need sum sleep"
"Today is book writing day! Working on chapter 8 of 12.... I can't wait for you to all read it! :)"
"Individuals who deliberately decide not to take offense lead happier, more productive lives."
"My ringtone is still the Crispy Chicken cover version. I'm colored jonesin' outta style that fast."
"Oh my gosh! That's minutes of fun for Lucy! (For her minutes are like hours.) :) Adding to the pro-iPad column."
"#Huguely attorney: we have evidence the couple was friendly two days before Love's death."
"congrats on your first half marathon !"
"OMG!!!! Let's go tonight and watch the stars!!!!"
"I happy heart them too! Thanks so much, and thanks for the follow!"
"iMold: Steve Jobs current physical state."
"I Don't Like Joshua... Don't Know Why. I Just Don't."
"Hi Barbara! So glad your friend is excited about ICTC! Please feel free to send my email:"
"you suck!!!"
"Bob Fosse? He's the only choreographer I know:)"
"Thx to for talk on & blending eternal verties of journalism w power of social media. Thx to too!"
"Happy Birthday young fella!"
"Sounds great. I love to experiment when baking too. Suspect it has a lot to do with wanting an excuse for my abundant sampling"
"Late night Walmart trip !"
"no porn for you tonight sir"
"Ladies: What's a good mother's day gift? i usually grab her perennials but need some advice for this year"
"your mom is the biggest SWEETHEART ever :) can't wait for"
"\"\"Romney To Tiptoe Into Marriage Debate\" #huffpost Will he be wearing Jimmy Choo pumps?"
"is shaping up to be a pretty awesome can't miss Con. Getting pysch'd for June!"
"You're welcome and same to you. Love, many blessing and have a great week!"
"#BeenInLove wit him, Loves when he calls just because he is thinking abt us, I will nevA evA stop loving him, I can't, its not in me!!!"
"can't wait for #believe!"
"<333 i'm all smiles now(:"
"I want a cake!"
"Newbie no more! :) RT : Good Monday morning to all our viewers & welcome & to the team!"
"You're the only one who can make the difference. Whatever your dream is, go for it. -Earvin Magic Johnson"
"Change of plans. just got the best news ever when i walked into work today. on my way back home soon to move everything out. going to be a …"
"the necklace I bought at broke the second time I wore it :("
"hii bud I'm using my twitter"
"Work out time"
"Sure, next time you're in Ohio would you like to go out?"
"i'm sad for you. so sad. misguided fan."
"no you bought it so i didn't take it haha it was quite halarious"
"Dont forget there are no games tonight. Get your teams together for suicides, kicking practice, or partying."
"oh! And Zach Morris, so I can borrow his phone."
"Thanks Katie, now I'm drooling. Love the idea of Spaghetti a la Caputo. Cracks me up every time I read it!"
"Cupid by Lloyd is my #1 favorite song <3"
"Develop success from failures. Dale Carnegie"
"I just hit a 100ft. Birdie on Tiger Woods PGA Tour '10"
"I'm sleep deprived, people are stupid, & I just wanna go to kings island. Rocky start to this wonderful Wednesday. -___-"
"13 days until Copenhagen...!"
"love it! I really enjoy how drunks are brave, as long as they're 50 feet away. Ha ha, I deal with a lot of CUNTS! Ha ha!"
"Agility for Dogs & Cats helps my cats arthritis. So does Sealogix Fish Oil."
"I like to call myself a \"good repurposer\" instead of cheap. Got a better ring to it!"
"Watching the Big Ten's Greatest Seasons - 1999. Plenty of time spent on Paterno, Sandusky and the PSU D. Very odd to watch now..."
"Nite nite Harlem see u tomorrow"
"wanted to say congrats...."
"You got the wrong Keith"
"After seeing billy kick off I like the call to go for it ...BUT u gotta get it."
"If you ask for strength, God wont directly give you what you strength, he'll give you the oppurtunity to demonstrate strength"
"“: i got da baddest so I'm cool !”"
"Both teams starting to get some shooting momentum - it was looking a little scary there for a while!"
"Need some CLI utility to clean up S3. I have been avoiding s3cmd, but I think it's what I am going to use."
"I kinda did."
"fog in caledonia and we are just waiting for the storms to roll through. Too quite right now."
"this is love, this is war, its insanity"
"lol I'm just sayin man. Fuck that. Wouldn't be me!"
"RT : we have a new look: check it: www.starfishgirls.net"
"\": Humble yourself to God's will, not yours.\""
"Going on 1 hour now waiting to see the doctor. Z......"
"I Walked Out From The Shower And Moms Yelling ? What Did Do ? -.-"
"sorry...Hyatt wants $500 for Internet access in the room. Doesn't make sense for 3 hours."
"Let's get a win! Here we go. Fire up Sporting Explore."
"sounds about right. I just told Desperate Housewives to go eff itself for making me cry."
"Have fun!"
"Seeing the guy you confessed that you think he's hot when you were drunk at school >>"
"Hey so my birthdays In 4 days & I'm hoping I get noticed by you(:"
"watching Father Ted. forgotten how brilliant it is."
"Right on. The new people you form relationships with during the search process transform into an incredible post-success network."
"Just saw video of the rigging fall at the #IndianaStateFair. Incredible and tragic. Prayers for victims and families."
"Happy new years , im happy for u from all of ur bieber fan, i love u!!! <3BiEbEr*FeVeR<3"
"im going to class"
"AND you gave me an idea for a blog post :) i appreciate you for that! will give you credit ;)"
"Can't take anymore of this D':"
"Cool. I have nothing to wear tomorrow -_-"
"Sounds like I'm going swimming (:"
"My name is Victoria Farias, and I'm addicted to shopping."
"100% agree! “ ... needs an unabashed leader column! We have too much modesty, too subtle language #erl12”"
"Men in Black 3<3 I'm excited (:"
"Spyware at work. Nice. As much as I love the idea of porn sites popping up at random, it's making it difficult to get anything done."
"#maestrosays get up to the studio. ASAP."
"Thanks! Needless to say we're pretty excited!!"
"hi cuzz!! What u up to these days?"
"Why do I always see a black midget at pet palace?!"
"Hey, so really skinny ppl can wear a big belt buckle & sit at a table for hours, and not have it hurt them?"
"not liked you hoped it would be."
"\"Sometimes I think that no city, before or since, has been so full of color and life as was Chicago in those years before the 1st World War\""
"Tactics: set every home page in the apple store to my soundcloud."
"A couple of unexpected losses put me at an L5"
"just received my shirt and will send the one for asap! Thank u I love it Julie :)"
"Just watched 50/50..I recommend it."
"There's no way this PR person's name is real"
"Lmao!! Ok, I wanted to avoid this convo but why don't you like it and who's mixtape is better??"
"Just made aware of widening gap in the appreciation of east coast hip hop & southern hip hop"
"Any rumors on when they are opening nats park?"
"yeah, to me the bowls conclude on September 2nd. But maybe LSU will beat Alabama so badly their final rank plummets!"
"You're not allowed to stay forever. Unless we get to come and visit fortnightly!"
"I'm real"
"Oh boy. Wish I could cruise by."
"Lil wayne: in 3 years holla at me Miley Cyrus Miley Cyrus: in 3 years I'll be happilly still with Liam lil wayne: damn"
"Ha. You're so generous."
"321: I'm thankful to the security staff in my Portland office building for working with police to keep me & my co-workers safe."
"My route home is black and red on the traffic map. Looks like I'm gonna get some work done tonight. Fire up another K-cup and get cozy"
"Believe me, I agree. And yet I still tried to save you!"
"Sucks that I don't wanna go swimming because I don't wanna get my hair wet.."
"Thanks for the order and lead!! Hope you like the banner!"
"Holiday parties are right around the corner, let Amber host your party in their private mezzanine for more information call 206.728.8500"
"Was just informed that the B&B we're staying at is having a tango tonight in the hall."
"if she roll a good blunt, wife that bitch."
"my guy friends just told me they remind me of u. Biggest. Compliment. Ever. You're beautiful."
"thanks for the info! Super duper!"
"there weren't many marines then, so I bet they had a great story! My grandfather won a soldier's medal and a silver star."
"haha thank you :p happy Monday to you too."
"If you're walking down The Avenue today, follow your nose straight into B and order yourself one of our three Chef's Special!"
"Now back at home enjoying the rain and watching movies the rest of the night ^_^"
"I have the TV on mute. It quells the rage some."
"The sky looks angry right now.."
"People go hard for what they wanna go hard for."
"look this way then! ;)"
"The expo in #LosAngeles was awesome today! Key notes were great!"
"Shit I fucking swear right know I'm abt to beat this bitch down.!!!"
"My best to Tiger Woods."
"I was mystified!"
"Come visit us for dinner. :)"
"Clapped too early clueless Sox fan."
"Flying to Austin today for #TCEA12. Will I see you there?"
"At Iwo Jima Marine Corps Memorial with former Marine John Justice! Semper Fei!"
"I hate always having to say, \"I can't. I have to study.\" I wish people would stop asking me to do things! 😠"
"RT : #isastc Enter into difficult conversations with that attitude of curiosity & communicate respect & love"
"code - carson1111 - major discounted price for tickets at the Toyota Speedway at Irwindale!"
"Hehehe I did too a little when I say it."
"wow smooth move sir..."
"Nicholas Vester, Craig Rogers and Brandon Largent all plead \"not guilty.\" Each of their bond set at $10k. More updates at 4 & 5."
"9 courses - impeccably timed! Each delicate and delicious..."
"Back to training after an unrestful but solid week off."
"few members of @ divineadonia will be in the building"
"thank ya sista!! I wish you could be there!"
"taking a break from studying tonight #libr283 #libr228 #SJSUSLIS indulging in #socialmedia, might try out #Google+"
"two hands on the back? Got to make that call......just saying!"
"I shoulda bet you double or nothin with the Mavs this year, my man!"
"You are so amazing!"
"Sweet! Thank you!"
"Good luck!"
"Ha! No! Either your image or my monitor makes them look red & green. OK … good shoes for … working near traffic?"
"Of course, the big thing is if anything goes wrong w/ the pump. They're like $1500. :) But that is the only moving part."
"I intend to spend as much of the rest of the day as possible sitting on the porch reading the new Caro book"
"Back home, suitcase still just inside door. Was kinda hoping fairies or elves would have unpacked it while I was out... no such luck."
"Wait Glossybox in the US is twice as much as Birchbox? Are the products a lot bigger?"
"OMG 20 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CONGRATULATIONS!!!!"
"I love family nights."
"Thank you to all who follow. Change CA'S fam/law system is crucial. The corruptness between players has to end. Children's voices..heard"
"queer brown female is not what you want to be when stopped by the police"
"We didn't get rain either!"
"I love it! Let's make our own!!"
"I'm about to travel a 1,000 miles just to see u at a trampoline park."
"That's rough... maybe you should get that fixed before you get a ticket :)"
"AND THERE'S ANOTHER LITTLE JUNIOR BABY SON OF A BITCH DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF ME? Lord Jesus Christ, I need your help."
"awwwweh thank you."
"watching CSI (I'm Eastern area) great!!! Its amazing!!! I have a greater appreciation for the Deaf Community!! Thanks"
"Were I very rich, what difference would it make? I am what I am. What else can I be? I am neither rich nor poor, I am myself. That's"
"Daddy I miss u already I Love U wit mind body and soul c u wen u get bacc RIP OHead NEVER FORGOTTEN"
"no but embrace the craziness -- i try lol"
"Half off EVERY bottle of wine tonight! Come on by! St Rose & Bermuda. 1 mile east of the M Resort."
"Chicago has the best fans by far."
"I am such a lucky girl to have you in my life."
"Pita chips with hummus!"
"Had the pleasure of speaking with last night. He was somehow even nicer than he is on The Best Show. How is that possible?!"
"Baby girl!"
"235# max PR tonight on deadlifts. Feel great."
"people saying \"hoodrats\" really irritates me. The are 0 hoods in maine."
"Thats not too bad ;)"
"Follow back? :]"
"Each day gives you an opportunity to change something in your life. I use that opportunity to change my underwear."
"The imposters sitting in seats don't have the home-run reflexes I'm accustomed to, watching on"
"have a good weekend!"
"Aw! LA Misses you! :) Hope Berlin is great! :)"
"We live thousands and thousands of miles away. I want to see your smile everday. Lexi misses you, i miss you, Taylor misses you."
"Will be updating the online store this weekend to feature a few new products"
"How will today's Obama campaign kickoff rally differ from the \"official\" taxpayer-paid White House events? Balloons?"
"yes sirree bob. Want to come to a party this evening?"
"Any good man would want the teachings and blessings of God on his household and family"
"I wish everyone a great evening! I will do my best to enjoy me. I can't wait to hug my hubby and spend time with my babies!"
"Bring on the"
"Steel Magnolias!!!"
"Gotta give my dog a bath now ... hopefully will be following me when I get back <3"
"Don't F w/ the person that signs your checks!! A concept some pro athletes don't seem to understand!!"
"needs to be weekly and needs to start selling merch online!"
"you're welcome :)"
"Again, a big THANKS to all who greeted me on my special day. Turning 17 was azaming! :) Goodnight!! :))"
"I just thought that exact same thing.... 100% chance RT I predict will play some Kirk Douglas clips tomorrow."
"Kudos to for finding the craziest addicts. Woman who's addicted to drinking warm pee just made me throw up in my mouth a little bit."
"Not a great start for Tiger. His second drive was into the woods"
"Let them hate you continue to love"
"Im glad im done w/ you and your life filled w/ drama."
"I mean that's terrible he needs to ask for help"
"Just got through dropping baby J off at school. ALL THE REAL DADS RETWEET! \"LADIES STOP ASKING WHERE THE REAL MEN ARE BECAUSE WE OUT CHEER!\""
"hahaha okay.. And that's how I beat shaq"
"Have a great New Year Ford!"
"wait I saw that picture. I may have known one."
"I am oddly jealous!"
"ok then...goodnight Brad"
"Many succumb to despair and fail without knowing that they really possess all the tools required to acquire excellent wealth."
"#herworld we know you will"
"yess that's all I've ever wanted in life"
"Thaanks Pauline fer comming by . Had a good time , dyed her hair and she brought me hair stuff . Lool"
"for comedy nite,4 dollars long islands,2dollar well drinks all nite. jazz band on deck, and dj cousin kev on the 1's and 2's"
"the biggest problem with most math teachers is that they love math."
"the Moravians were really passionate folks. Love to read about them"
"Awesome! Love it! BTW, hello and thanks for the follow. :)"
"*yawn* guess I'll cuddle up to the cute cub next to me and go back to sleep. Morning sex is hot too ...later men!"
"it's next on the list. May save it for tomorrow night."
"On CQ.com now, CQ Today tomorrow: Congress and Obama officials lay out some plans for chopping, managing, keeping parts of the spy budget."
"Wow! What an awesome #ABAchat thanks to for facilitating. Signing off. Goodnight all."
"It's like you're in this world and theres no way out."
"infrared is naked to the human eye. you'd need cyborg vision for this too work."
"I really should. No joke."
"Also, kind of missing pager code. 55378008. or middle school calculator code. Doesn't work as well with text messages and #realnumbers. 5417"
"thank you c:"
"your name is eric"
"Cool, thanks! Looking forward to a good season."
"Just because you're in your car doesn't mean i can't see you picking your nose :d"
"You do fantasy on ESPN?"
"well done today. Didn't know you lost Luca months ago. Stay strong mate. He's in a better place! All the best!!"
"you need to make one on that eyrda server"
"Catching up on #Justified episodes tonight. That syrupy Kentucky way of talkin'! I'll be taking those drawls into my dreams."
"Someone said Ariana can't be on Ellen cause Ellen is allergic to oranges. You seriously think you're funny? Imma put an orange in your ass."
"30+ years! Ca Ray Zee!! Congrats and cheers to adding the \"hair\" category! : )"
"Watching the Super Bowl at Sagos!!!!!"
"luuuul my sister just said \"Zayn Malik is not a god\" can you please come to my house and beat her up?"
"order them from the Internet.. I won't tell"
"Taking the kids to get their sports physicals at Saint Mary's Clinic at Walmart on Kietzke. Such an easy and quick option."
"Thanks for the mention"
"' I love wen my followers speak the truth about the situation."
"To all the people that called the police on me when I was just tryna make some money to feed my daughter"
"Small circle cause niggas a merk you"
"lol. coffee is my best friend right now."
"Hope people recognize you at games and treat you like SHIT!!!!!"
"Have to give it to the #Raiders' fans for having great costumes."
"West side! NYC is so messed up today! I'm going to be so late!"
"To be honest, we'll constantly push this question since we're a weekly podcast."
"It's so cold. Ugh."
"Hi ! All fashion types check them out!"
"it looks amazing there,of course I'd love to come up with something for your office! Might have to come take a look over lunch ;)"
"Thank you Souplantation! Beth Deja won a drawing for free cookies for the office! M...."
"eww High Tech :) loser Land."
"watched it once while I was at the gym....it was good....sexual hehehe"
"So , I write books . And I'm writing one right now . 5+ likes for a sample . :D Love you Mahomies <3 -Jordan Blaze <3"
"#follow my homeboy :D he's a newbie!!! haha"
"in the Bowery Ballroom of course."
"what a cynical answer"
"extreme oversight is due to problems after games, not before."
"I don't shit from shit when it comes to twitter but I know when u figure it out you'll blow it up!! Yeeeeeow"
"Thanks, Pam! Did you try it out? Hope you had a fun at the game!"
"You ask me!"
"Merry Christmas Everybodii #A.$.$.B.H.H"
"I'm giving new meaning to labor day. And judging by the number of email responses I've had today, I am not alone."
"that place good? I work right across from it"
"aye bruh did u ever get that beat that I sent to yur email?"
"Happiest guys after 2012 #NFLdraft: players occupying roster spots 48-53 for Saints & Raiders. No one drafted by them is taking your job."
"OK, did you see that Sealy commercial? Hi. Larious. :)"
"aha the wachovia. They let you play for media day? Haven't played that course in looked 16 years"
"Great but where were you every time I walked into a McDonalds?"
"You Rock! You Ride! You Love and You glide across the twitter skies!"
"LET'S GO HEAT"
"strippers dont do that your silly"
"UR SOO AMAZING SO PROUD OF U AND IT WOULD REALLY MAKE MY WORLD IF U WOULD PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK. IT BE A WISH COME TRUE <333"
"The track \"Neck Bones\" is some serious Fonk make that Bass Talk Wayman!"
"i have a serious problem with her neighbor"
"Aha! RT : Been up since 7:30am YESTERDAY and NO NAP!!! Just got home and my alarm is going to go off in less than 4 hours...."
"Q3: One of the virtues of PR is its versatility; one of its vices can be superficiality. \"Defining PR\" can tend to the latter."
"REMINDER....Bloody Brunch is still on the look out for promotional goodies for our swag bags! Shoot an email to ! :)"
"MDR!! YESS!! hahaha You're Only a Cool Kid Once ;)"
"RT : I remember when I was passed over for Rookie of the Year. History did not record who won. This is because I shot him."
"Thanks for inviting me to speak earlier today on #mobile. Had a great time and met some fantastic people."
"High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation. -Jack Kinder"
"dont u hate it when hair products dont do what there suppose to do ? :b"
"Not sure what we're naming it yet. Maybe \"Testing the Rail.\" We're putting every ounce of energy into it."
"#ThrowBackSong like you- bow wow, ciara."
"l need new txting buddies(:"
"Only 1 hour and 6 minutes until the Big Announcement!! Ahh, I can't wait! So freaking excited!!(: <3"
"I only got 3 and they weren't real good. Wasn't much fun."
"#Bad Luck"
"Good choice Major."
"Some corps are trying to make mentoring part of their culture for both men and women."
"Just bought 15 songs on ITunes... #oops #mybad #addictedtomusic ☺🎶🎵"
"Just too bad he didn't keep his $AAPL stock instead RT Steve Wozniak says he'll buy Facebook stock regardless of the price"
"how happy are you?"
"RT : Be careful posting on social media! Too much info will result in violating patient privacy. Read the white paper......"
"Did you catch our founder on BET tonight???"
"you better hurry"
"Winners will be announced on Sunday, January 15th."
"Happy Birthday Miranda hope you have a great Birthday with your family and friends :)"
"really Bennett was a decision to make??? There only one school right! Lol"
"ah, springtime in manhattan. it never ever gets old!"
"Morning Twitter World - Last week there was a good game between Herndon H.S. and Westfield H.S. we saw some very good players."
"C'est un grand honneur pour et surtout pour"
"& any #feedback on either #dumbsearch or #dumbseo should go straight to #app #developer // :) #enjoy!"
"so these komos is are trying to talk blakc nd she cussin to damn much"
"Thank you so much for suggesting folks follow us. We appreciate the support"
"The first 5 twitter followers to come see me at the show will be entered into a drawing for a free subscription to MSDSonline.com (#543)"
"“: Is anyone else's instagram not loading....?” mine isn't ."
"Might actually stay up for the whole game"
"4chan community threads disappear after a few hours."
"yea like saturday"
"Lovely day to be out on the Hamptons for a private party. Sort of."
"RT : Illinois among states making 'significant progress' on #health insurance exchange: AP..."
"thanks for following!"
"you wasn't playing huh LOL"
"Toot toot beep beep Bad Girls! RIP Donna Summer =-("
"i love how they all doubt me"
"Out of control emotions kills so much of our time"
"you follow?"
"Dallas!! New show added for next THURSDAY May 10th w/ Sparks the Rescue and more!"
": Haha. So true!"
"Duke and UNC is one of the greatest rivalries in sports. What's your favorite sports rivalry?"
"Hiking Oak Hill Mine Rd. in beautiful Calistoga. Highly recommended! Next up"
"dudette here :-) happy for you I'm trying to keep up with all the things I should be doing and I'm not! Have to get organized"
"Good bye ms given!!!!"
"hahaha! you know me to well!"
"Glad I ain't gonna be there for may day I would of chilled with the babe like last year ."
"New b.o.b cd is too nice"
"Everythings always my fault in this house."
"Just to let u guys kno, in the song/video does 80% of the singing so we schould be giving most if the credit to her!!<3"
"//He does em at the crib..."
"It *must* be an alcoholic ingredient that's making you do the evil laugh."
"RT : How to Use QR Codes Effectively-The difference between a useful marketing device and a gimmick is that ......"
"#twinstatus haha. Haven't heard that new on. I'll check it out and get back to ya"
"it's sexy though"
"The Pharisees had a problem seeing beyond the law. Jesus challenged them not out of spite but out of love. He wanted them to come home."
"Tweeting while in school(:"
"You still have time to sign up at the Eggsplosion info table to enter the drawing for a free tour!"
"me too, but we will be ok!"
"Last Year Alive!"
"\": Doing defensive slides on a slippery court... #BasketballProblems\" these are the WORST!"
"Dinner at the MG Invite, pulled pork sandwiches, worth the trip."
"61 hours until the #holidays and we're STILL short on presents. Any last minute frantic shoppers coming with us to Fashion Valley?"
"Everyone is talking about it & it's a trending topic :0"
"Yes, we are off to Spain tomorrow and then France in June! We would love to meet you!"
"xoxo It's good to be back."
"#Ravens have a ton of options tonight: Konz, Upshaw, Hill, Glenn, Randle, Martin...sleeper pick, though: Amini Silatolu, Midwestern State."
"Don't forget the show next saturday! Know one of us? Ask for presale tickets! We gots em."
"Listening to paul revere! listen up cause this ain't funny, my name is mike d and I'm about to get money!"
"Celebrating my mother birthday :)"
"How is it warmer tonight than it was today?"
"How much $$$ would Santa get if he actually got paid for all of his endorsements?"
"Google Law: an open and easily searchable law database that would empower citizens to be their own lawyers"
"Thank you for the follow!!"
"Another weekend, to much running around just usual!"
"“: NONONO I HATE THAT THEY JUST KILLED OFF MY FAVE CHARACTER NONONO! FUUUUUUUUUUU THE WRITERS OF #GREYSANATOMY -____- I'm pissed”"
"Getting ready to sell my current iphone on ebay!"
"i love to become an actor but u cant find nothing in here and i was going to see if i can have a interview with yall"
"I'm a little drunk on you and high on summer time"
"DC: MAYOR GRAY/CHAIR BROWN. it won't be long before you get down to the business of uniting DC. We look forward to the change.."
"Im not allowed to say hi ? I"
"I just got soaked by a 3 year old."
"So of course Kenny Brit decides to surpass his SEASON TOTALS against me. 225 yards and 3 tds WTF IS THAT"
"Can't blame Liz Lemon. If Paul McCartney forgot who he was, I'd tell him he was my boyfriend too."
"Now flying LA to home!! Always interesting people to watch at LAX, hah"
"its coming soon!!! ol :) be patient dear lol"
"what go down homie"
"I cut my thumb....how ever will I tweet?"
"I'm back to focusing on me again tired of being pushed to the side so I'm doing my own mixtape called \"SELF MADE\" BY DJ DONTE GREEN"
"Checking out Obama's \"first-ever\" virtual interview. Google+ Hangout. bit.ly/wo2otj"
"Honey is the only natural food that is made without destroying any kind of life."
"Yo I want a LOVE Poster. Put them back in stock please!!!!"
"For fast-acting relief try slowing things down."
"Congrats to the recipients of the 40 under 40 Rochester edition!"
"KEEP IT HARDCORE"
"Excited to start the day at the -"
"Not sure what it'll cost, or what you need to do? Ask around. Get quotes from reputable studios or designers. Give yourself some time."
"I been in here a lot longer than I expected..."
"No sins as long as there's permission"
"I know! its not suppose to be out yet.... but he doesn't have to knoww(;"
"Just got two new bracelets from claires!"
"Dame Edna on talking about the royal wedding. Love it!!!"
"Our Hawks won ,now its time for our Braves to do the same."
"Playin till I get my gold gun"
"check out some of our disney videos and music videos we hope to post up soon"
"do you have a brick and mortar location? If not, any plans for one? Many antiques dealers could learn from your photos"
"you tell them girl bloody hell, they have a huge chance to jump up to 4th with tot. Draw. I can't believe this play."
"my sister made baby pictures of the boys her cover photo on facebook... why am i related to her.... ew."
"in all actuality its envy. They wish they had what you have. That's what drives haters. Keep doing you my guy."
"Other revelation: Rochberg Sonata for my competitions/Junior Recitel is FUCKING HARD"
"Travis Porter feat Tyga - \"Ayy Ladies\" >>>"
"Katie, is it for professional athletes only? Are you in it? Hope all is well with you."
"leave it hol up"
"Anyone did the Info Conference Call? I didn't get a chance to call in. Anything important I missed?"
"Found my phone in the hood of taylors car? Haha"
"When it hurts to look back, and you're scared to look ahead, look beside you. I'll be there forever no matter what the circumstances are."
"This is going to be a fun project - so many amazing peeps the hard part will be figuring out who to start with!"
"or to a cancer patient"
"My prayers are with you and your family"
"- Yes it's the Ravens or Yes 4 a potential sideline pass hook-up? ;) re: Beau Brinkly workout"
"“: How is it that 's app understands him when we're all still trying to figure him out? #bhds12”"
"hm, might have to actually go to the store to check out... Gap fits me inconsistently."
"That akward moment when u go to certain laredo bars. See a girl u like & u say to them \"Can I see some ID\""
"dude that was weeks ago! You better not be bringing something new into the station!!"
"wow, there are some fucked up cat noises going on outside my house"
"Oh, i hate all my teachers!!!"
"Thanks for this link! This was the exact same search I was going to do on if I ever got around to it. Hah!"
"On the grind. Working on ptn"
"Do what says ... Got to go get #ushers new cd (; so hot!!! Love it!!!"
"mane bitch fuckin match!."
"How u guna have karaoke when the nuggeta are on."
"The comfort adults feel when dancing in a large circle"
"Thanks for the follows"
"same here"
"oh yes were ready... But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;) #follow?"
"If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking."
"Perhaps you should consider hair extensions — they can add volume and texture to your hair to reduce the appearance of hair loss"
"I just used Project Vote Smart’s VoteEasy tool and it’s a fun way to compare candidates. www.voteeasy.org"
"Is it an app!?"
"Insider V Day Tip! If you waited until last minute to book, go to this weekend for $39 Date Night. Includes bottle of vino!"
"Best Bodybuilding Diet | Pregnancy Health Guide"
"everyone runs around saying how tyler perry must be stopped; my vote is solidly with russ parr, lol"
"yea I know .. Lmao"
"I need to pop some popcorn #LOST is on in a few!"
"I live literally right behind that :)."
"Thank you for the follow! Green Consulting - may stop and see you in Seattle sometime."
"Mentioned my new treat is a grapefruit juice slushee. I've eaten it everyday for over a week. Boring? No..."
"#SometimesYouHaveTo show people better than you can tell them..."
"Sushi samba followed by Tao and Tao beach then onto marquee..... Yeah players...!still going"
"that quote from #NightsInRodanthe is so true for me."
"Just doing some research for the business. Semester still going on?"
"Rich, love the podcasts, so far, you guys have kept it visual free. Gracias!"
"I just saw the most beautiful girl ever and i didnt grow the balls to say more than just \"were not in line for tickets\" fucken dumbass!"
"Leaders dream big dreams and then have the determination and enthusiasm to make those dreams reality."
"analytics idea: count the number of \"conversations\" that happen?"
"We have a beautiful new patio in front of our space in the Murphy Building. Come check it out and grab food/drink next door at La Margarita."
"OneIMS Launches One-to-One Learning Center's New Website - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)"
"People loving this picture I put on Instagram."
"Coke up your nose, a ho on your hose, and Michael J. Fox"
"We just saw Columbiana! Bad to da bone!!!!!!!"
"I surely did. I gave it up, but the damage was done."
"Do I get to count tweets ABOUT my paper in my word count? It's practically the same thing, right? Ok no. BRB writing/editing till I pass out"
"Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get - Dale Carnegie"
"Point about diachronic aspects of models links up with talk yesterday about looking for historiography of models"
"Tongue kiss her other tongue, skeet, skeet, skeet, watergun!"
"The effing autocorrect version of brass"
"Congrats guys!"
"the one with the blue ribbon in the chain? I just saw that too. It's beautiful."
"Was a bit of a relief, actually, to hear European voices/guests on your morning show-pls book more!"
"not feeling the Ep either... :/"
"you need a hug or something? Geeze lol"
"I wish! Finals and summer school got me bummin. I really wanna catch you guys (plastic smiles) and TCC over summer though!"
"One of tomorrow's #Tcamp12 morning sessions is one by about #Wiki VoterGuide :)"
"lies the stars and stripes on a pole in the front yard"
"We should not only use the brains we have, but all that we can borrow. ~Woodrow Wilson"
"I hope you didn't mind me speaking for you, haha."
"I need to start a garden."
"Thank you, CC. It has been like that of late. I hope all is well with you."
"the whole article made me think this is clearly just a British thing."
"- Couldn't agree more!"
"In keeping with my positivism, I'm going to say,\"have a lovely day, everyone!\" We all know what that really means. Teeheheheh >;) <3 xo"
"don't worry, I'm #foreveralone too."
"There's a band with a tuba, trombone, and bass playing at this thai restaurant. Love DC."
"pray you don't have any flight delays or there won't be any trips til after college!!"
"Beer > Vodka"
"Seriously, must people use speakerphones in a farm of cubicles???"
"So I guess I'm nothing but drama...well if you say soo"
"I feel like a ticking time bomb...this baby could come at any time (according to signs leading to labor). The waiting game begins...."
"message my fb cause my phone diedd"
"Is she writing me a letter too?"
"Idek what to do anymore ... I'm so lost.."
"he cracks me up to :D"
"Free shuttle to the UWM game today Bus leaves at 2:30pm. Buy 1 get 1 free appetizers also. Come for lunch and go see the Panthers."
"“ Some things are just better left unsaid..”"
"Good to see so many people out at for"
"Those nights where you have second thoughts about everything & nothing feels right anymore."
"Yeah, it's hard to be a casual Associate, I'm afraid (typed while teleworking in t-shirt and shorts :-)"
"And shout to everyone supporting"
"Waking up to a delicious pour over coffee at"
"My mom is gonna kill me when she gets home lolol. So I might as well make the most of the time I have on the earth :)"
"UH HUH YEA RiGHT!..."
"So tired. I'm ready for bed already."
"As noted on FB, whoever built that base needs to learn2play, or at least to choke off their ramp with a pylon or something."
"I was told I needed 2 work on forgiveness & I've realized forgiving some1 does not mean they still don't have 2 face the consequences."
"Do you have plans next weekend? I think we need to golf."
"Best thing about being right under the roof: I get to hear every bit of this wickedly awesome storm!!!"
"Sen. Risser in red beret working the crowd at reclaim Wisconsin rally."
"Happy Holidays to all from the Traveing Guardian Angel wish the Best to everyone, Follow us into the New Year"
"I went to last 2 years, so effing good, I'm jealous- the lineup this year is great"
"100 years was played at the very end of Graduation today."
"Wish my mind had a switch... Or a zipper or something."
"'Magic Mike': See new EW cover!"
"Thanks again all followers!"
"So happy to be talking to Sarah Fantasia!!!! Finally!!! <3"
"i dont believe in 11:11, i believe in having faith"
"why. Youre just gonna break that one too(;"
"Tickets are selling fast. Get yours now."
"Still in Virginia!!! We just got to Papaws hotel and we were about to leave and he locked the keys... In the car..."
"did you get more ink on your arms is that the healing?"
"hey can you follow me back?"
"Hangin out at the HOB, it'd be cool if could come out and say hi"
"I'm so proud of you. <3"
"During the last of MANY Nutcrackers this season, one of the truffles peed on stage. Twas a nice Christmas gift for the next group of dancers"
"#HappyMothersDay! I love my mommy<3"
"#NoDikkride but bouta be one of the best things that happen to my city ATL... 👍"
"lol u gotta be smart to prove those .. haha jp"
"\"One day of practice is like one day of clean living. It doesn't do you any good.\""
"That would work for me."
"Good morning world -- •• god bless •• <3"
"Laidback Luke After Party tonight & bring tix stub for free cover at both venues!"
"Is it the Knee?"
"I always seem to give up on myself (Emarosa)"
"right on!"
"Will Ferrell is a fool!"
"well done today!"
"Just saw Sarah Silverman, memorable joke of the night \"biggest problem Jews have with the Holocaust?\" \"What?\" \"The cost!\""
"Watch me fuck around n get fired Smh..."
"i dont wanna talk so stop texting me."
"Ha! Me too. Or I think if they primarily work from home that they need to be above average computer literate."
"ayo i need my follows up so get with it if i am following u follow back.."
"LOL I hope you miss it! I am assuming it is airing today, edit accordingly plz!"
"You bring the heart and I'll bring the beat."
"LOL sounds good to me ;D"
"Good Morning! We're happy to help! Simply email us ur order confirm # to: or call 888.718.4253 for assistance :)"
"You're not the only one....."
"lol... Thanks for that visual! I needed a good laugh! :)"
"RT : 90% of America is working class"
"Patriots hire Bill Belichick's son, Steve, as assistant coach"
"I blame Andy Reid. RT : Tough loss by Philadelphia. I blame Ryan Howard."
"rule #1: there are no rules"
"Yo mamma is so stupid she sat on the TV and watched the couch."
"thanks boo :) ."
"thanks for the #followfriday love! #twitterhug!"
"what it do"
"Wow, if u were from Oregon, there is no way possible u would be that tan! Unbelievably Beautiful!"
"Good morning, world. Thanking God for waking me up today."
"hello stranger"
"lets stop the bs and get it poppin."
"SO DID I. & I don't even wear them anyways. HAY, that might be why I still have then. DUR MACKENZIE. "
"I can honestly notice a difference from last week though:)"
"Dark Magic."
"So we travel every 4 years to Hawaii for marching band & this kid asked of we're taking a ship there?! Um, really?!"
"\"One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.\""
"The American with George Clooney was the #1 movie this time last year."
"get rid of the first one this is the new one......long story...."
"cry me a river so I can swim around and laugh in it hahaha"
"Thank You to everyone who participated in our first MDA fundraiser. We raised $300 before first break! GREAT JOB JAILBIRDS!"
"Back in my office, for the day."
"Any interest in 25% stake in bus company operating between Hunan and Yunnan provinces? Exclusively licensed. 10+ yr operating history."
"nice job!"
"RT : Keep all alert! On 4/24 all shd visit website for a nice surprise!"
"Reporting live from Uncommon Women Series where the topic is non profit work."
"it is me its Mason . asked if I wanted to guest tweet. Heck ya! It's been awesome"
"Really did not like the pilot for the HBO show \"Girls\". Couldn't relate to any of the characters. :("
"Ross: modders as a \"recursive public,\" one that manages to avoid dominant discourses through modding"
"Let the work begin! Unsigned Artists boot camp May 28th at the ABC offices."
"#ThankfuLee I will have help tomorrow Cooking Thanksgiving Dinner :D"
"I'm chilling reading a good book can u request me on Facebook hakim coombs"
"time for chuck and wickett now get too the studio."
"interviewed a really interesting and thought provoking film maker yesterday. Alex Rivera, check out his debut feature film \"Sleep Dealer\""
"I would have gone"
"how many classes need to learn? :)"
"That's been sitting on my queue for over a year...is it worth finally watching?"
"Convinced that the only time people use LinkedIn is at 4:50am."
"I love it! I never practiced safe USB removal until this year. People need educated about that:)"
"Not minding the #CUSE draw at all. #FloridaState and #ohiostate could be dangerous and of course they put #Cincy on our side. Not bad tho"
"“: #Favorite2011PackerMemories Technically I've got 15 of them.” yep -thanks guys."
"So incredibly excited for the season 4 premiere"
"It's that time of the week... Happy #FF! We like"
"\"As God is my witness, I thought turkeys could fly.\""
"Thunder Cake by Patricia Polacco: Early-age emotional eating..☂"
"High Dive on Morena Blvd. has a profile in Oct issue of SD Home Garden magazine. HD knows craft beer and their food menu is tops."
"We’re all addicted to something that takes away the pain."
"why so happy witz?"
"had fresh #brutwurst from #mariano's fresh market and side of cauliflower with Big Fire Pinot Gris. Best place to buy brutwurst in"
"MarshaFutral756, thanks for following us on Twitter!"
"Hit up our facebook to check out our single \"Carnival\" and like us to keep track of the progress on the new EP! Also"
"#GreysonMMag What's your favorite drink? ;)"
"Need logo design, marketing consulting, social media assistance, e-blasts, newsletters, brochures, etc - reach out to"
"#MTBlowout tonight for at"
"if I wasn't in school I would have been out searching"
"presented at #paconferenceforwomen on \"creating my brand, mastering my story\" with"
"I'd say it was less than a week....but I was in the first session, so it was a quick turnaround. Give it time."
"When I play \"HISTORY\" unfolds....really!....this bass is my life..listen"
"No. Brendan stays."
"Well I am not evil. Tilly is evil."
"Where are you having your martini(s)?"
"Trying to figure out exactly what all I'll do today- Cinco, Derby, Nationwide Race, Braves/Auburn baseball. Lots on sched!"
"Snooki from “Jersey Shore” Lied: She Really is Pregnant!"
"never been to one man. Looks like I gotta check that out soon. Any recommendations sir?"
"We've all been there before, except for the countless obvious differences"
"Happy Monday, follow your dreams."
"Let's see what part of the crowd can scream the loudest. May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14 #1Dtourusa We love you! Love, Alexi and Tabi!"
"Watching some NBA playoff basketball on this bubba kush"
"We're number 84 on the ReverbNation Hip Hop charts for Chicago, IL. www.reverbnation.com/smitty"
"phew! I was hoping a little extra kindness would be the answer."
"At bigs burger joint with my brother!"
"Our school is buying from local organic farms now for veggies and eggs. Longest lines for fresh made to order sandwiches/salad."
"Do not be proud and arrogant with yourr knowledge."
"my collection of tour shirts!"
"This is"
"it's highly possible that we could be of assistance :-). Even for a browns fan. Will call you later today."
"who is tamron?"
"The Bob Howard Toyota Tent Sale will be transformed after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club."
"Clairmont Chung's W.A.R. Stories #WalterRodney was screened on Friday #bocas2012 -- Wonder what folks thought about it...???"
"Shooting for Teen Vogue!!!"
"maybe she's illegal. But Martha said, ”technically, it's not illegal to illegal in Massachusetts”"
"Great.. Mixed signals.."
"Goodnight tweethearts! Tomorrow is one day closer to the weekend!:) woo hoo!"
"Narrow line of showers will make there way towards #rva in the next 20 min. Low 50. Gusty winds tomorrow with gradual clearing. Hi 70"
"some in one sitting...=)"
"BRUINS SCORREDDDD!!!!!!!! :D love ya Marchand ;)"
"Yes. Without a doubt, yes."
"I've got big plans this weekend! Going to the Capital! Tried to think of a Hunger Games joke to go here but nothing is coming to me :("
"ah im sorry im still working on it :( busy busy bee. promise itll be done soon! don't worry im not forgetting (:"
"BTW the return of DAVID WALLACE to #theoffice (which may autocorrect I just discovered to throbbing- watch out) has me looking fwd to show"
"locked and loaded ~ ready for anything ~"
"that's for sure my dude"
"Here's an #FF for you, Maria. You're awesome!!"
"Big goal late in the period by Boedker. Phoenix does not go down easy."
"How ya been, man!?"
"I Need Ta Stop Tearing My Car Up Dis Time It's Costing Me $237"
"Feel better Justin and crew <3"
"ofcourse, I look forward to your tweets!"
"Simplicity is the key to brilliance. -Bruce Lee"
"\"Writing is more enjoyable than enjoying a basket of... and beans; more enjoyable than a mother's giving birth.\" Can't really argue w that."
"Are there any working examples for the Views book. The code samples are disorganized and non functional or am I missing something?"
"to dude thx for the follow. Need to catch up sometime."
"\"Chloe in the afternoon\" baby"
"we need to take more pics lol"
"TIP: if your lush soaps ever break and you want to feel a tad like a compounder, put some wax paper in a container then add the pieces and-"
"I see Time magazine is busy trying to make itself even less relevant. Looking forward to their vampire/alien baby cover soon."
"Did you know that Mexic-Arte offers FREE admission during the month of December? Come check out our Mix n Mash boards and do some shopping!"
"I promise u if i get a hole of ha im not lettin go"
"yes! Definitely want to take advantage of the GA & Cape properties. Using my points in Orlando for spring break this year!"
"Essent Guaranty Vice Chairman to Discuss Future of Housing Finance and the ... - Sacramento Bee"
"What is your email address?"
"They say the best part of a stripper ran down the side of her mothers leg..."
"Can't wait for that game tomorrow, that's going to be a definite WIN and I'll be sporting my new Vick jersey I got for xmas!"
"game recognizes game...you know that!"
"you kiddin me?"
"Anyone interested in becoming a Promoter/Host? We'll show you how! GREAT PT/SIDE JOB for quick cash! Shoot us a DM or RT :)"
"Its HOT AF outside.!"
"haha u u cut out the #Milwaukee n the drunker city in the"
"I gotta say, I fucking LOVE your bio. (:"
"Not sure about that. But it's irrelevant. Any legitimate Court would say \"this is not proper to put to a vote.\""
"Hahaha tru that's wassup.(: I'm on the school bus rite now about to make it to school in a few. Pce take it eazz."
"RT if you follow back. :]"
"Join us for one of the best happy hours in DC in our fabulous louneg! 4-7pm, $5 sushi, apps, drinks; great deals on signature cocktails!"
"Thanks for the follow Tuck! Right back at you :)"
"After a nap, i'm still so tired from mijas bday. But i'm so happy she had a great time :-)"
"how did blazers look? I don't have comcast!"
"CRIMINAL MINDS IS UNBELIEVABLE RIGHT NOW 😱🔫"
"“: She ignores all the guys who want her, because she's too wrapped up in the one who doesn't.♥”"
"everyone keeps unfollowing me on tumblr..."
"The best advice I've found is don't look down"
"Shoutout to thank you girl!! ;)"
"Busy writing some new tunes - both exciting and frustrating."
"I like purple unicorns"
"i told her to clean and she was like \"You dont do shit im the one that finds the money\" i wanted to slap her 😱"
"91 yr. old woman murdered in her home in Georgetown, 2 blocks from my old apartment. What the what?!"
"All your #NBA & #NHL playoff preview and reviews here-USSportspages.com"
"My dogs 7th birthday is on Friday. Do I need to warn him about his impending midlife crisis? Will he always be able to get by on his looks?"
"A second #Liveperformance by A Thousand Shades of Cold on"
"Add me on Facebook as well Brandon Burkholder"
"What would RFK thought of today's Presidential campaign?"
"Guys that are too emotional give the rest of us a bad reputation"
"I need new people around me. I need to get away and never look back, My heart is very troubled"
"#TheThreeGoldenSisters that are on Access Hollywood right now are hysterical!"
"And you have one of the best looking and classiest biz cards I have seen. srsly. I might borrow that format."
"Nana dont give a fuck I put the ass in assassin....smoke you childs like a blunt then its ashes to ashes..."
"Nerlens Noel Picks Kentucky!!"
"I applied at Yogurtland, Menchies and Fresh and Easy. Mm, so many more to go. ~.~"
"me too, it's one of my favorite albums ever"
"And she miss me do much that she pee in the bed"
"Self-doubt and home canning don`t mix well."
"Lol when do you get out?"
"Jupiter .....RT : Pluto “: Im gone too the moon”"
"haha it's on YouTube now tho:p"
"1mil party people in Boston... Join us for a live performance by & Tour DJ tonight"
"Saw them with Tribe Called Quest, HelloNasty 98, best thing I ever saw."
"LOL. I'm a big Maybelline/Covergirl fan! But I don't need Ulta for em, that's why Sephora has advantage. Many brands are exclusive"
"Choice btwn productive and service industries. Where does the importance of good, practical self-management begin? A) Here and now."
"This is really annoying me -.-"
"Yes, videos will be posted to FOSI YouTube channel soon after the conference"
"Good news: I'm in love! Bad news: I got fired. Can you say \"mixed emotions?\""
"awww that's a bummer! We love and miss you all. Best of luck at your show!"
"#BlackMamaQuotes \"I SUGGEST you shutup and sit down somewhere talkin to me like that!...\""
"What you talkin' about Willis? You're at Squaw! What, theres no snow, or you're not a skier?"
"im sitting here drinking a mojito :)"
"thx for the suggestions, more names to be released soon! Keep em coming as vendors will be bringing in guests as well!"
"Congratulations to my friend, , elected today as Kentucky's new State Auditor. 1st of many victories to come...."
"Warm weather just makes me want to day drink"
"Tragic indeed. But it is wonderful that these pros recognized him like this. Class. And as a father, can't imagine."
"Very sad to hear that Cy Twombly has died in a hospital in Rome, at age 83."
"I think the economy is turning around. It's been a great first two months for"
"Attending excellent but tiring #allergy #boardreview in Chicago"
"Zach Tumin (ZachTumin) thanks for the follow."
"I'm great. I'm in the office rather be enjoying this great weather :)"
"Gotch ya. The one I have is more IT, than dev"
"I agree definitely liked the contents, good catch I think Halperin took him up on their offer..."
"using a laser arm scanner, photos will be taken for color via postprocess"
"stop spamming, spammer."
"is the only person I know who says \"many happy returns of the day\" when he wishes someone a happy birthday. <3"
"Just saw this, how are you hun?"
"First time having candlelight wings,wow"
"remarkably good job - staying in neutral areas and using lots of change of subjects. that is a success indeed."
"lol hockey is awesome especially if your there..."
"This is the scariest movie I've ever seen. #foreignfilms it's called \"Rec\" and I think I'm going to have a heart attack before it's over."
"THANK you so much! For stoping and taking pictures with us! Love you!!"
"I feel like the Twitter prodigal daughter. One day, I will get back to annoying those near and far...but it is not this day."
"all i want to do is run in the sun. biking is no fun."
"“Why do elephants go swimming? To get their trunks wet.” | #JayLeno (b. April 28, 1050)"
"great series, good luck to the caps =]"
"I hope you got that joke lol"
"#nsta12 #edtech #scichat #edchat I have a few complaints about nsta, but you should present. It is awesome. San antonio 2013"
"STOP & PAY ATTENTION Soul lives in connection Whenever we r present & conscious soul emerges B present & u'll know the contentment of soul"
"Tyler Kennedy scored, all of a sudden i want a TK burger"
"I shouldn't be riding my bike in the street yet. Says the guy in the car behind me."
"LOL! : Please do! RT : I have a cousin who has 8 kids & is younger than me! I threaten to place anti-freeze in h"
"Thank you"
"Rumor will win #corporate 5k in #downtown #Orlando tonight (walking division)"
"Thanks for the follow! My wife is a 1st grade teacher so I'm looking forward to hearing your stuff on kid's education."
"KD they only shot now"
"where did spring break go?"
"I'm actually working in the Bronx. No Marriotts there, you know."
"So bored wrestling is almost over"
"\"Feel like I'm Martin Luther! DREAM big until the DEATH\" -#Avenue snappin!!"
"I'm not even latin king bro , chill out lml"
"great (: how is fly?"
"Zou Bisou Bisou is stuck in our heads now thanks to the season premiere of Mad Men. The tone of the show feels so different now, no?"
"OMG STOP BLOWING UP MY PHONE. I JUST WANNA LIVE MY LIFE."
"get better fast sir!"
"it's their problem not yours!"
"Join our facebook page to keep track of our sales and give aways at www.facebook.com/LVHCG"
"#PotatoWeek begins tomorrow. I'm going to talk very frankly with you about it. It's my job to keep you informed & give you the facts. [1944]"
"Holy shit. Just ran 8 miles. Bring it on, Broad St. I can take you."
"Fact that last night's bus home broke down (twice) and this morning's has taken an hour to go 4 miles does not bode well for rest of week."
"Happy mothers day three times over!"
"Today's Special: Boston Cream Pie! Yellow cake filled with pastry cream and topped with chocolate ganache. Slices are only $2.00."
"only Wednesday??.....well time to get #humping and #humpday!"
"lmao, i would. his security would have memorized my name by the time Ed left the state. lol"
"good night Austin(:"
"Jammin that \"legendary flow\" while sketchin these urban dreams, and blowin on that stank."
"RT : bartab will be undergoing maintenance for a short time as we update our platform - stay tuned for a big announcement!"
"anyone have a spare google+ invite? ! i want in!"
"Day in the life of Administrator: coffee, answer 50 emails, coffee, answer H.R. question, coffee, resolve computer glitch, move paper, 11 am"
"Wow! RT : RT : The only way this game can get worse for the Lakers is if Kobe breaks down and rapes one of the Mavs."
"u promise who"
"\"I believe in the power of public schools.\" Arlene Silveira, canidate for Madison School District at noon Rotary"
": was definitely on the job today. Seems to be fighting the good fight for #Detroit (I hope)!"
"Poo! It's a shame we aren't there. :("
"I always will !❤"
"I'm sorry.. Just keep your head up(: and look at the positives"
"Looking forward to returning to a climate where a scarf is an unnecessary and slightly effeminate accessory."
"back is killing me i need three"
"Due to jobs, kids, TV, the Internet and more, the average married couple spends just four minutes a day alone together. Make it special!"
"#cody what's one of the coolest places you've been on tour so far? :D"
"yeah music wasn't paying the bills...and the opportunity was presented to my in a time of weakness. Been here 3 years."
"now its even hrder or u to follow us :("
"better go with a night with girls. JS"
"48hour film project comes to PIttsburgh. 36 teams, 48 hours, 1 city."
"friend of mine did"
"Shawty got potential I can be her sponsor"
"You too! U r great! RT : Whoo-saaaa! Y'all have a blessed one. I'm stepping away from twitter for a minute."
"loll, well we all know you would! jk!"
"would u like to be in a video shoot with me and for our new video rainman check it out on my page then tell me"
"When & I started a co yrs ago, Ross Levinsohn was great w/time & advice as Board member. Excited to see what he does as Yahoo! CEO"
"I'm your hooker ♥"
"In the temple of flows hahahaha"
"Wishing a happy birthday is not at all what I am doing right now. #oramI?"
"gotta be up by 7:30"
"Walking the dog wouldn't be so bad.. If it wasn't for OTHER stupid people's dogs! ;)"
"i remember the days when everybody used to pronounce \"deadmau5\" like (ded-mah-five) haha"
"My tweets were answered."
"1-800-PRINTING IS NOW GIVING AWAY 5000 BUSINESS CARDS FOR $75 DOUBLE SIDED COLOR.....ONE SIDE YOUR AD, THE OTHER SIDE OUR AD"
"Thank you!"
"things are a happening, progress is being made, more soon!"
"Hairy Christmas"
"These 7th graders are freaking out cause someone said cunt ! Shut up !!"
"Digital age can be good for journalism, but also problem. Ppl you intv can tweet about it, alert others about your story."
"So funny! Have you ever listened to her show? It's just so over-the-top, I can't get enough of it. The callers crack me up."
"Who is your favorite Survivor (winner or not)? Your favorite season?"
"HE'S MINE “: = perfection.”"
"A-Rod is on fire."
"#askryan follow me? and hahhaha fave justin bieber song :P"
"I'm about halfway through business school and still haven't learned how to be an undercover boss."
"Oh i just love getting up at 6 30 to go to chicago..."
"To everyone who has already met the New Year and for those who are still waiting to do so, I wish everyone only the best in 2012!"
"#IDBmtg 44 million Brazilians have joined the middle class in recent years."
"lmaoooo! I can hear you now lol"
"she wrote and wrote and wrote until her hand disjointed and fell off, she was obliged to visit the hand boutique, and pick up a new model."
"I'll take 80s if you can get the humidity down too. I can bring you a case of beer (your choice) for your trouble."
"How did I get to work this morning? Just hoisted the sail is all."
"Same here man. I freaked the fuck out over that snippet."
"Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Plak Smacker Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products."
"I can't believe the 76ers beat the top seeded Bulls in a 7-game series. I look forward to their 2nd round elimination. :P"
"be glad you're not here. This is legitimately painful to watch."
"Dos Rios Elementary fifth-graders get a hands-on education about archeology - Greeley Tribune"
"Just found out I am rubbing one of our network set-up people the wrong way. Well, stop being incompetent and I will stop complaining."
"or a damn ugly crain"
"good luck, ladies."
"women do to ma"
"Have a safe flight :)"
"Now I'm not one to brag, but this sopa de pollo y pozole I made for the #mexicancookoff today is amazing."
"my family is too sweet"
"there was a word blank section, the little math part, and then you just had to say whether the things decreased or increased!"
"How is Young fitting in with the Coogs?"
"Everyone go follow and get her to 36k!<3 :)"
"Just signed up for a floral trends class at Phipps Conservatory!"
"Ok. To all the students of MHS. Yes there was a bomb threat. BUT THERE IS NO BOMB! Thats why its called a bomb THREAT!"
"Wow, just read your blog post from June 2011: PR tips for indie filmmakers and PMDs. Very informative and helpful. Thank you!"
"I wish bitches would stop telling stories about their experiences. I'm here to learn about and leave. Now about your life. #ok?"
"It's funny to me ... When someone says they don't like getting disrespected!!! Welp learn to respect others than foo"
"Who said i cant be single and have to go out and mingle<3"
"When I Get Rich, I'm Make A List Of Hoes That Talk To Much & Just Throw Money In They Face One By One So They Could STFU."
"I hate competition - more than anyone I know."
"Sarah I just fucking love you to pieces, okay? <3 xD"
"you and good friends now?"
"This Fucking jackhammer noise this morning said fuck my sleeping in plans 😠"
"RIP MCA. Keep Fightin' for the Right to Party"
"Entrepreneurial Lesson #8: The ends not only don't justify the means, they don't justify the work. The work justifies the work."
"dont hate , she BAD , she gets down :p"
"Can you imagine Paul Martin playing for the Rangers? Think he would have kept up with the rest of their team tonight?"
"Order Pizza Shuttle wings for the packers game. Fav sauce?"
"Once a mahomie, always a mahomie (:"
"Lol at John as he's being a pleb .that makes me feel better"
"San Francisco - Audition/Cold Reading Technique Workshop - Sat. July 24th & Sun. 25th, 2010 - 10am-5pm www.actorsintensive.com"
"i always seem to miss you when you come around"
"You say that to make people believe that you can DM them and make people to follow you and reach more followers, isn't it?"
"I hate #sprint !!! ughh"
"My bracket is beat"
"I'd recommend 1-3pm est, or be like and repost at different times of day to reach different audiences"
"Things that are built quicker usually fall apart faster it seems"
"This is about the time of year people begin falling off their fitness resolutions. DON'T GIVE UP. Results around the corner..."
"can't thank you enough for your support dude, and we know you all are going to love this shit! You got a GP shirt?"
"Method or Meisner?"
"thanks. i guess i shouldnt do anything for you anymore cause im gonna ruin it."
"i don't need to be a supergirl, as long as you will always be my biggest fan.. </3"
"You'll have to keep on following to find out. :) Sushi will prob be next week."
"i did."
"yeah yeah blame the spell check, you go boy! Hahaha"
"After i leave here i gotta go here & there again ugh"
"MT Lieu To my lib friends Cheney is human being. Pls stop hating on his health. Wish him speedy recovery: that would be compassionate."
"Definitely, look forward to reading the great content you put out there!"
"I would've written \"Thanks for everything, Captain Tightpants!\" <3"
"Nah, I just look like one. RT Ain't you a model?"
"C'mon you Reds!!!!"
"let me guess, little boy with magical shoes morphs into superhero cabbie?"
"Me, too! Especially when it's not associated with severe weather!"
"Still high bidder on that Rapunzel? :D"
"ah poemas album is out on itunes!!!! itunes.com/poema!! get it get it get it!! :) :) :)"
"New England is the only place that have consistently delicious Dunkin stores."
"ppl that tweet faster then they reply to text >.<"
"#TastemakersKS As entrepreneurs we need to be comfortable with failing. That’s how we learn, it doesn’t mean anything else but how you..."
"Wow Johnny"
"np! joined as soon as I saw the hangout. Wonder if there was a glitch with google; how long after u started it did i join?"
"What do you think about the new Avacyn Restored spoilers? I think the miracle concept is an interesting one.. we will have to see!"
"where are you going?"
"After practicing tenths and fingered octaves, my left ring finger, like my left pinky, is now freakishly longer than my right"
"#IfWomenDidNotExist ............ Don't ask don't tell"
"Who says bassplayers lives are not \"exciting\"?....try living mine for a day or two!..I need 26 hrs a day!"
"I have 19 days until TEXAS so I can completely understand how ur feeling"
"Do any of you want two tickets to Fitz & the Tantrums tomorrow night @ 8? They're playing at the Regency Ballroom and totally rock. I pai..."
"It does have me thinking more than usual about the resolution of my JPEGs."
"where did you go?"
"dude if you fine a girl like that propose on the spot she has been blessed"
"Last NYC thoughts: Best looking men are in TriBeCa & West Village."
"Chicken & waffles and Grace's Song are calling your name!"
"Just like Air Force is a passing team, right D? RT: Did Stanley just say he thought Braxton Miller was the same QB he was last yr?"
"30 April 1862: “I hear that hot water pipes are arranged so as to ..."
"#cantbuystyle INDEED! One-trick ponies!"
"there you go! Well put!"
"How are You today? :)"
"Excited to see on Twitter. We've added them to our buddhabelly NOLA list. They have delicious food for your healthy lifestyle"
"Newt did not mention anyone but white men."
"Up this morning off of the brown and white from last nite"
"Like for some reason I can smell #oomf but they were never in this room😳"
"In DC for the mtg for policy update, incl research &ed issues & AdHocTax Group Retreat to hear about tax concerns for FY12"
"she definitely put on a great show"
"Would you rather be something to everyone, or everything to someone?"
"I'm going to think you're a whore if all your tweets are about your fails at relationships cause i'll assume you've had plenty of them."
"What a great idea to #KBFlashback! Wonder what other designers have images to tweet?!"
"im booked for the next two weeks. How about you tell me what day works for you and I will make it happen"
"Never let something that haPpens in a minute destroy a lifetime of strength."
"I wish was on 's ustream today!"
"people are immature ha"
"It's all an age thing, I think. In the construction biz, we had to make our prints on a huge machine in a cloud of ammonia!"
"Jealous! I didn't get one!"
"excited to see you there!! #tasteofdc !!"
"The peach milkshake from is the saint's Diego of all milkshakes. #Outtasight!!"
"WILL YOU STOP ALREADY. I can't right now. I will when I can. LEAVE ME ALONE. You seriously don't get it.."
"it's not complaing I'm statein the facts<33 haha but u try writing without ur middle finger"
"do your students have iPads?"
"Ya will never hear me say that EVER! Lmfaoooo"
"If God has said it God will do it."
"How does a normal conversation with about the zoo turn into let's give everyone Elisa's phone number...?"
"\"May the bounty of this great nation bring blessings to all!\""
"“: speaking of dream phone and sleepovers... We are overdue!” agreed lets pick a date ASAP !"
"#Nf thanks for the Follow Brutha!😊"
"glad you agreed Steve! It was the best and most powerfully moving film I've seen in ages. Saw it 4 times in the theater!"
"is a man of ambition."
"Agreed! : And I don't think most restaurants use it to its full potential Re: Opentable"
"Lost in this whole Randy Edsall transfer debacle is that he's done this before. Just ask Terrence Jeffers-Harris."
"STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP !!!!! FOR REAL!!"
"Dying of laughter while on rides with and >"
"To be honest, I got not fucking clue what's going on."
"It's okay. Just us drunk night owls."
"come stop by my house in Cleveland I work and can't make the show"
"I'm going to miss all my friends!"
"What? Beauty stores have WAY more variation though."
"I snoughed! (sneeze coughed)"
"Glad to hear it!"
"New nationally distributed mixtape coming soon featuring yours truly #BoonDockKingz dont worry! I wont let you miss this one."
"I use to want you and her, and her, and her"
"What are you doiing for THC?"
"when you have a great anniversary with your girlfriend >"
"late night coffe! keeping me up!"
"No, you didnt get 28582972 likes on you're picture cuhs your pretty, you got it cus your boobs were hanging out."
"...maybe I should shave to."
"Eating lunch with friends at #MTSUCampus <3"
"carlgrending thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!"
"perhaps u should help him fix it rather than tweet it to everyone"
"La'kee gave me 2 bucks for my nutella sandwich haha ;b"
"Looking to get the Kickstarter project 2.0 launched by Tuesday. Initial content almost ready. :)"
"Ugh #printers make me want to chuck them thru a window. Does anyone have one they like?"
"his huge teeth get in the way"
"Andy Pettite to start in Rochester on Sunday. Hells yeah! Frontier Field here I come."
"Goon squad"
"Virtual worlds create new design (\"policy\"), release it in test environment, then iterate until design meets standards."
"Die hard... #Philly stand up RT : wait... yo is a sixers fan too?"
"People often want fame & glamour but really don't want to work for it.\"They just want it for fun\".WORK FOR IT, N WATCH U APPRECIATE IT MORE."
"Charles Barkley just said Trail Blazers are the best team in the west he's seen so far.. I know it's early but that means a lot..."
"Thank God for letting me se another morning."
"Lol RT : That awkward moment when kids see a toy they want on TV but the can't get it because their parents must be 18 or older."
"“: Smiling in the middle of a kiss .. ❤” You kno ur happy with them"
"in japan there are vending machienes for that :-)"
"when is the big day?"
"Getting my butt kicked in spades... *sigh* gambling and losing"
"I was brother! Lets get it! RT : wow! U was there this weekend think I saw u! ;) yup see u in LA"
"Go Pack GO? YES!"
"Great 2 hang w/ yesterday in SanFran. Sorry 2 miss your closing keynote @ #HCMsummit2012; Has nothing 2 do w/ u missing mine:)"
"The 50 cent/ Joan Rivers commercial looks like the beginning of a horrifying porno."
"just saw u on presents bad girls. Hilarious! Can't wait to watch u get to the top!!"
"85% of male voters wearing boxers voted for Romney. 80% wearing briefs voted for Santorum. 100% of guys commando voted for Ron Paul!"
"Regularly scheduled Skype conference call for the next Hour."
"I don't believe it's gonna happen, but I want him to too"
"I ate at Just burgers last night on 30th ave, nice service."
"Good luck tonight BSDT dancers!!!"
"how you been"
"All I can say to this is EWWW --> RT Gone for an hour, come back and now Lonsberry's talking about his hemorrhoids."
"Money make the world go round!"
"Someone's got a potty mouth behind me."
"My girl got heels higher then yo standards"
"oh okay Thats what's up. ;)"
"Hope the #HHAwards go fabulously! I don't think I'll be able to stay awake...looking forward to reading the live tweets tomorrow, though!"
"I don't have it and please stop fighting or what ever y'all r doing its not good y'all used to be friends and now what happened"
"i wiped the studio down like it was a dirty baby last night. dr's could operate in that room"
"Which word might this be, Ms. Abroms?"
"Thanks for coming this weekend!"
"Why wen niggas take pic they be having they chest poke out n the rest of there body stiff t'f!!!"
"Three MORE I should say!"
"Because he's BRILLIANT! lmao"
"Pitti: There are two degrees of separation from J. Robert Oppenheimer to Groucho Marx, through T. S. Eliot."
"Do the john wall i wanna see it ;D <3"
"Get bak on my music shit"
"With just over 5 weeks remaining until our 2012 Climb on March 24th, we have raised $39,923, 30% of our goal of $135,000."
"Our last full day in Maui, sideways rain, 30 mph winds & our luau for tonight just got canceled. At least we saw sun for 5 hours yesterday."
"That exciting moment when Not Your Birthdays plays in the movie Prom and I start freaking out :)"
"Editing video and strategizing Dreamit Application."
"dm or text me the address, might do that."
"Headed to the Y to get the day started with aerobics."
"yes I saw u"
"Are you sending out Christmas cards? Do you do the family pic or anything special? I better get working on my cards! -Kristin Burns"
"The word \"fan\" is an understatement, ;). One of my favorite, local cafés is Barriques. Great coffee, wine and food!"
"Ah its going to be a boy!!:D"
"I don't understand cricket myself...also sad being that is the favorite sport of 1/4 of humanity...maybe one day"
"#RandomShoutout to ! Go follow!"
"\"How often in life we complete a task that was beyond the capability of the person we were when we started it.\" Robert Brault"
"Im glad i have back as a friend"
"hahah ya I think I remember"
"I love it! Gary"
"Getting ready to hit the city..what talk about to do tonight.."
"I heart you too! Can't wait to see you this summer."
"Start calling myself \"the king\" for lack of a better title"
"AH. SUCH A GOOD EPISODE OF #PLL! Who else watches? :)"
"Your welcome.. We shall chat soon!"
"Any real-time data on ticket prices for the Penn State/Nebraska game this weekend?"
"$25 gets you $50 worth of services at Epic MedSpa! Head to www.crowdclick.com to get the deal!"
"We've all been there."
"If Roberto Hernandez gets to pitch for the #Indians this year, he's got to be the favorite for Rookie of the Year."
"that's my favorite so far!"
"A link Im trying to follow"
"and gillespies former boss #dubya wasn't among the most divisive presidents?"
"The RAP panel is now reviewing application #120002 Community Foundation of St. Joseph County."
"I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 12"
"Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives. It strengthens understandings!"
"Though Mercedes better TEAR IT UP!"
"damn they a choking"
"Two very classy & professional #NFL press conferences in the same week, Peyton Manning & Humble superstars."
"#NGL i love my name :D"
"Don't know summer plans yet. But I hope to make several long weekend trips. It would be fun to meet you."
"Theresa Zimmerman won the drawing she signed up for before the USF game. Visit the pregame tent. You could be our next winner!"
"love this tweet! so glad you're enjoying our music today!"
"write me on that list please :)"
"#christmaslove been waiting for this one live. #favorite Congrats"
"Hail in North Austin."
"the palms illuminati is praying"
"both are zero in that situation. Ya Hart should take it, but it will never matter since neither can throw."
"congrats on your success, but it's a tad early to make me go to the dictionary."
"Also, I think those people are clinically insane. They're so far gone I feel I'm doing them a true"
"but somehow, the \"all natural\" coconut macaroons (from the healthy section of woodman's) made it into the acceptible eats category."
"Very true!! RT : #Health #Tip:Dining out? If you want dessert, share one with someone, usually just a taste will do."
"It's twenty degrees outside and dude's wearing sandals."
"ok then. GAME ON!!"
"Badgers in the sweet 16 reminds me of the FRG days.. Would love to be in the front row at super dome on thurs! Right ? :)"
"Mac Book Pro... The only way to go..."
"Just had a total moment with : Do you know your HSI email address? No, it's on my bill and I have paperless billing..."
"Is a milky way bar considered food enough that I can take my medication with?"
"RT : Stop this vicious cycle of the old school network marketing techniques and learn the new model of attraction marketi ..."
"“: Positive people around me” <---- :-) :-) ur only missing me! miss u boys tonite!"
"WAR EAGLE"
"It is so awkward on the bus"
"#Thefuqk the light flickering and shit?"
"What a crummy past few months for WI sports fans, so close, yet so far away."
"I'm pretty sure I followed everyone back! (:"
"g'morn Mr. Patterson"
"please help trend"
"Class this Saturday will be canceled due to a funeral"
"& Thanks for the follows!"
"thank you so much again for following!!! Xooxoxoox"
"glad SNU had Ben Lowe. If he's still around tell him Kevin Lum from Sojo said hello."
"Now Following ."
"MT Have U read Imagine:How #Creativity Works by ? (or haven't read it but plan 2!) Join in #creativereads tonight at 8 ET"
"If your birthday's May 21/22 you're in for a big party! The eclipse of May 20 = exact on your Sun. A month later Jupiter hits it. Yowza! LOL"
"u rokkkkk brent...thanks big dawg for that s/o"
"Hey,if u r looking for a denist in the D area I know of one"
"Packed room this morning at the Villanova Conference Center for our Leadership Conference! Looking forward to a great day."
"Lol PENIS! xD my funny friend is addicted to it lmao"
"Health Activist #s4pm (advocate too)"
"where are you"
"Absolutely! If you see any content that you think is truly innovated, let us know! We'd love to post it!"
"yes and the sun never stays away for to long ;)"
"Oh, and the answer to the question - Glenn Gould playing Bach is pretty damn good brain/study music."
"Love that movie!"
"Today is the anniversary of the birth of I think we can all agree this was a momentous occasion in all our lives Happy Anniversary"
"Constantly being active and pursuing your passionate - what's not inspiring about it?"
"I am changing my name to JJ."
"“: Read Graham Greene lately? Worth a revisit, even if you're not Catholic.” Like reading Kerouac while not being a Buddhist?"
"Hi Meghna, we'd like to hear your reflections on 9/11. \"What were you doing on 9/11?\" Book proceeds go to charity."
"Why is it there are some people in this world that no matter how much you love em nothing is simple when making plans with them"
"Dressing on the side."
"you're welcome!"
"Happy VALENTINE'S DAY. Appreciate that special someone!!!! And always remember to Love yourself!!!"
"Do I need to register for the expo in Arlington, or can I just show up?"
"Camden County Technical School hi school curric all integrated: one big room, 100 students, 5 teachers. Synced & asynced learning"
"“: : Tweeps! What do u do when ur xbox360 has that red circle lit up around the power button???” Punt!!!"
"Tonight's gonna be a good night!"
"it looks so nice"
"Not like i need my nose to breath or anything..."
"it'd be awesome if followed us....<3"
"proud of you and as always, thanks for the constant inspiration! 🌟"
"Thanks, Ben & Abby!"
"word no clue what that means but that's what's up"
"Thanks! That's what I ended up going with. Oh, the things we write about...."
"Been watching #NewGirl on #Hulu. Have become a fan"
"Amazed today at how quickly responded to our API issue via Twitter and mail. Nice job guys! I'll check out your E4 product."
"Friday once again..... everyone have a great weekend..."
"The moon right now  >>>"
"Chaka Khan's music ALWAYS does the trick. :--)"
"3) cover them in room temp. oil; 4) put heat between medium & medium high. THAT'S IT. just stir them after 5-10 mins so they don't stick"
"thanks for the shout. Have a good one"
"I need just one birthday wish. #HappyBirthday to me."
"Does your website still exist? I am a total listoholic."
"I hate when people whisper. It sicks me out."
"Disturbing statistic: The number one cause of death is in America is heart disease & we have the highest rate of any nation."
"Killer show last night! “: Shows like that are what DJing is all about. Cph out of nowhere, it's turned into messiness”"
"Only a few more weeks of this year's \"show specials\" so call us at 888-BRAUSSE to save some money on your equipment purchases this year!"
"#PembrokePines we offer embroidery, screen printing, uniforms, scrubs, safety gear, logo design and more!"
"Thanks. I appreciate the response, anyway. Nice to feel heard. :)"
"it was awful. Alice Cooper joke was funny... But the story was very stupid and didn't make sense"
"RT : ladies and gentlemen, today's demo day conversation will be under the #GLdemoday please love it and use it:)"
"Sometimes, the outlook rules I set outsmart me"
"Happy Mother's Day to all the moms OF engineers and all the moms who ARE engineers. There wouldn't be engineers without you."
"opening the finest bottle of champagne that an office party white elephant gift exchange can provide"
"Phrase of the day \"Icing on the sh*t cake\""
"oh yes! And if they ever learn how to use twitter I'm sure I'll win daughter in law of the year."
"it's a new animated show 'bout a burger joint -> flights of the concords meets awesome! you can watch it on hulu~"
"Miami Income Tax Professionals"
"Speaking of which.... it's way past 5 o'clock here in ET. I'm finally reading the Hunger Games and I think it's calling to me."
"That fucking sucks. Is that work related to fashion? because that has happened to be few times.."
"I'm too coo to be fuckin w/ you broke hoes , they call me true religion shawty if you don't know ! ;)"
"It's interesting how they maintain their \"small, idealistic company\" brand while owned by Kellogg."
"I'm probably just gonna order a pizza and chill today. Don't feel like going out or seeing anybody"
"Loved it. The Events After Which Archie Would Allow Eli To Quit List is my favorite. I had to rewind and pause to read."
"$1 pbr cans, $2 miller bottles & $3 tail rails. 9pm to close $5 tall smirnoff cocktails, $3.5 bombs any flavor and $1 old mil cans. Cheers"
"#18conf Brian Samuels is so on target about trauma and children"
"mom you yell at me for stupid things"
"\"If that was you Mrs. Chambers, I'd kick your ass.\""
"She USED to care about the greater good, I think. Not anymore. I just don't like her nor respect her anymore."
"Store with his friend Quinn from Valdez who is now in Fairbanks and plays in the band. I asked if it was Quinn by any chance. It was 2/2"
"we've got half off bottles of wine to warm you up....or we can deliver food to you, but then you miss out on the wine!"
"Eating at Connie's pizza near Komisky w my family, per Chicago area tradition, and a #MLB legend is eating at the next table. Awesome."
"Our Golden puppy, Derby shredded UPS package. Papers from Schwab. Not sure if he's long or short the market?"
"I didn't want you to think I was a weirdo haha and one point we were right close squashed against each other haha"
"You're really cruel."
"nice! What Cirque show?"
"Good Morning!!! Thanks to all the new followers over the weekend. If anyone has questions please let us know, were here to help"
"Checking you out right now"
"Highly recommend you check out ”The Merchant of Venice” at in Burbank. Great show!"
"i thought that was u. n i see an old english d, and i think i remember that lady surfing, and tommy has sweet shirt on"
"Alot of people in my life have been letting me down lately 😔"
"Headinq to work to make that money ❤"
"What the shit I broke my iPod. How did this happen"
"Those're some awesome internet sluthing skills you got there! :)"
"I hope #SOMEDAY will notice me , I have been trying for 2 years.. #NeverSayNever #makemylife 5"
"aww really? im honored :)"
"I hope this rash isn't contagious..."
"Reservations for Seaview Terrace are not taken. We recommend coming early to secure a table & to enjoy live entertainment."
"Ugh what to watch, new episode of #DeadliestCatch or #LayerCake FML"
"We will start taking guesses for next Friday's league all week, don't forget to throw in your guess!"
"Don't forget to include contact details - bulk orders are always great to have!"
"Going to Newport, RI to photograph that wonderful port city. Exhibit of photographs at Isherwood Gallery in Newport: September ."
"Wow. Looking forward to your write up for SI. Always great to see track get great coverage. Enjoy your pieces a lot."
"Love takes its chances and leaves answers that we don't understand."
"Gary Carter?"
"you got 99 problems? #yikes get ur life together"
"*shoots Trevor's dick off*"
"I'm not a star somebody lied.."
"C'mon Union Rags"
"When I walk pass a girl I mind rape her"
"he is"
"This sex, is sex, how sex, you sex, keep sex, a sex, dumb sex, ass sex, busy sex, for sex, 20 seconds. Read this again but don't say sex."
"Shaq hanging em up. Hell of a career big man, start of a new adventure."
"If there was ever a time i needed a SERIOUS pep talk to ever pick up a pen and white another rhyme it's now!!"
"Try again next year Canucks!"
"It's going to snow in Mke. People, it is supposed to do that in Jan. Settle down."
"The mountain laurels are blooming! The air smells like grape Kool-Aid! Spring is coming, spring is coming!"
"I'm doing fine just enjoying weather. Where u from?"
"Absolutely! RT“: That is an upside! Good for her. #bcsm”"
"date night: assembling ikea furniture. so hot!"
"I'm off the next two days tho.."
"I'm changing my middle name to \"WaitForIt\"."
"Hahahaaaa lame“: Guys think they're slick. What makes you think it's ok to call me this late to come watch a movie!! #FAIL SMFH”"
"Do you always get up so early??"
"Wondering if will attend the inaugural on May 21. Welcome to Chef Jason!"
"\"Madonna's DNA\" is much more useful than \"Adonis DNA\""
"ha! It was mistake. Too quick on the draw. Love keilson."
"Found a cookie on the floor. I decided to throw it away."
"i know you won't read this, but i will always support you. it would be a blast for you to follow me. (:"
":) its really good"
"I know u haven't seen u an I been ok just been doing a show in west hollywood every week an other then that nothing really"
"Friend request accepted."
"gay boys"
"its all good lol."
"Thank you for following me Dnyce MDN as soon mi can I will Follow you and ur Followers too I'm on a limit right now. Thanks! P.B."
"They're lucky to have you Kelly #SUinNYC RT : interning for CAAs office in NY-so excited!"
"Reading again:( Hello 3rd period in 6min;-)"
"could be better lol, I'm a pirates fan"
"Love the mission and hear the wine is great...thanks for the rec to have you partake in a event!"
"I am so sorry to hear of your injury. I'm praying for you. (your wife is beautiful)"
"so whats the plan ladies"
"Feels like a great day for a NEW website. Ready, set, GO!!! www.teachwithafrica.org"
"like you do ? lmao"
"Smiling doesn't mean that 'Im happy. Laughing doesnt mean I don't cry. & loving you doesn't mean I'll wait for you for the rest of my life."
"Thank you ^_^"
"Looks like today will be including a Target run, as I just used up the last of the coffee in the house."
"At for discussion re increasing exports w/ former Chicago Mayor Daley, SD Mayor Sanders Tijuana Mayor Bustamante #global cities"
"Audience member threw 5 bucks at me while I was on stage"
"It's a beautiful time to close out The Shadow Box. So blessed to have been part of this project. Two more performances to go..."
"follow back?"
"Wow; I hope everyone's OK! We had a similar scary day back in 06; hugs!"
"Just because I have a smile on my face doesn't mean life is easy. I have a smile on my face because I know Jesus Christ watches over me!"
"damn now the whole world knows that I can't read a sign......wish I was there to celebrate with you guys lol"
"Cover song of Little Red Corvette finished and coming soon"
"Come get a patty melt on marble rye with swiss cheese, 1000 island, fries and a drink! $9"
"\"Facebook Timeline,\" or, \"How I made myself completely unemployable.\""
"CATS. CATS. CATS. AND MORE CATS."
"Enjoyed hearing the smart folks on the #opendata panel:"
"About to end my stopover in lovely Houston airport. On to Philly and home!"
"Energized and proud after a great visit with the talented team at Scripps !"
"Really? Of course, I watch baseball! You do know who you're talking to, don't you?!? lol"
"let ur grace and justice fall down, hand in hand my Lord."
"Survived first full week of employment in three years. Can finally say TGIF!"
"nothing much"
"hallllllloa there! Congrats on Giants! Freddy Sanchez 4 president!"
"When you realize what you really want... And you know you can't have it..."
"#dairyqueen blizzard! The. Best. Ever."
"When you lose your virginity you have to feel that it's right in your heart. You can only give one guy that special gift."
"Hola Ya'all! Every Thurs. at ATX - 10pm. Ladies FREE...VMG Showcase ROCKS. Hope to C U...XO Miss Z"
"you'll NEVER guess who is coming to visit this weekend..."
"just signed up for a canning class."
"“: Im gonna die of old age before gets off the phone with Verizon” hahahah lol"
"Im going wit Pops.this weekend to see my baby sis jordan again what a gorgous baby."
"Tonight Going Down at Big daddy's For 18 an up cyber bowling $1 drinks, games and shoes...and myself of the tracks all night starting at 930"
"Drove out to Eagle Crest Estates this morning. What a beautiful setting! Showing a great contemporary there on Friday!"
"Get these open looks to fall! They can't do everything for you!!"
"LMBO! “: TF? RT : A man should want to plant seeds in your heart before your womb.”"
"Nope, he said that purpose, and she's there to visit family"
"i know"
"gah! Smoke session soon!!!!"
"Off to Modesto, CA to spread some love!!!"
"its HOT here in Chicago, maybe the Castronovos should take a road trip to Chicago (:"
"It's a little late but... IT'S #FF! check out some social media professionals!"
"Go meet Mr. Obnoxious www.kissandim.com! xo"
"HAHAHA OMG DOMINIC. study please ;p"
"#IRememberWhen nick cannon had a show lol"
"Just Kendall and I in the office today which means punk rock and hair metal is blasting out of our hallway"
"The Quiet Man On Fire"
"CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR NEW YOUTUBE CHANNEL, FACEBOOK PAGE AND REVAMPING OF YOUR WEBSITE AND TWITTER ACCOUNT!"
"Or shall I say people on Facebook are childish."
"#sox win, beers have been drunk, mass amounts of Chinese food has been eaten. Fuck yeah opening day in Bridgeport."
"If you or someone you know lives is Houston, TX- than tell them to check me out in The New Movement: Houston Harold Weekend!"
"RT Excellence is not an accomplishment. It is a spirit, a never-ending process ~ Lawrence M Miller"
"I'm so excited 😄"
"FAMILIAR BURGER with BEER KETTLE CHIPS $8.99!! Indiana bottles $3.75!"
"It's picture day! Put on your favorite lipgloss and smile for the camera. I'm adding photos to your profiles this weekend."
"From now on will be known as the"
"Effing Salt Lake City."
"I think they're down for Thanksgiving, but not sure. Monday is a Regent's meeting, so expect a something then."
"Excited to be moderating today's AppNation, Follow The Money, panel. We've prepared for a great session. See you there."
"oh lord.. they don't know it all :\\"
"\" Nothing is too small to know, and Nothing is too big to Attempt. \"~~~William Van Horne"
"You genuinely feel scared for the main character in some of those situations"
"What's better than one balloon? 7ballons. And a breeze?"
"We met, we talked, we flirted, I fell for you, I trusted you, you flirted with her, you ruined everything. End of story."
"you seem so sure but what about Clooney or Jean?"
"You know how I know yesterday was a good day? The corn market was up!"
"PEOPLE ARE GOING TO START GETTING CUT TODAY"
"Its very sad that you would make a comment like this. You are what's wrong with our country!!"
"he's up to three mr. Bari!!!! U better make the nov.9 or he'll have more fakes than u!! O wait, too late sux for u"
"Spencer Allen-Asst Baseball Coach, Recruiting Coordinator, 1st Base Coach and now social media guru"
"Job hunting in the am sick of this one well the people's anyway"
"Finish this quote: \"Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate...\""
"really!? Hahaha i guess twitter got jealous of us dm-ing each other then."
"\": After Prom/'s birthday party is gonna be on!! #west\" <------ what ;D aye"
"\"rock out gansta style\"...Is that a Body Count reference? cc"
"haha Uhmm im not really sure it might be awhile because she has to get her grades up"
"nope. All done."
"Yeah, okay, the Avengers looks amazing."
"Wanting to open all the window and listen to the sound of the ocean...."
"That moment when you say \"Just kidding\". But your actually dead serious."
"“: it was a tightly packed dazzle machine.” Well said. If I saw this during the day I would join the line again."
"RT I am in awe of the love of friends. Such precious times! ! Vegas Baby Vegas!"
"Where did the weekend go? Thankfully I have and to get my Monday underway!"
"tell me more tomorrow about your 519 topic idea? cited research online?"
"How did Heavy D die?"
"I haven't read that yet! I never faced his wrath, but I did have some harsh critiques. In retrospect, he was probably right."
"blessed love ya music . Have a blessed dat RT"
"It's been a long time coming and I feel much better than I did yesterday. Contentment with God and His will."
"Got lectured by my parents today because I send almost 3000 texts per month.......the sad part is at least half of those are to twitter"
"Shop in Vegas."
"What mistakes? I'm working on getting into the publishing realm soon."
"that's interesting- as in \"not right\". MT : Factoid: Fees @ Austin libraries goes to general fund vs the library's acct."
"morning mike. Hope you have a good today :)"
"I refuse to be disrespected...."
"So you put her on blast :0..."
"Damn. Well-played."
"even ejecting a flash drive can turn into a nightmare"
"I love that sound you make when you shut the f#ck up."
"yea me too. Im watchin a movie"
"im so late babes ... i love u. and im sorry u had to be put in that position Friday =("
"#ihateitwhen you're having an amazing dream and someone or something wakes you up before the best part"
"Could be. Not going to try and speak for every ID out there! Some are excellent and have no ID degree."
"Plotting today's outfit: red , pale pink Vince tee shirt, a loosely draped Pier Antonio Gaspari cardigan, & dark, dark shades."
"Ready 2 watch the beagles get neutered by the Boys"
"Wait..i spoke to soon lol"
"#NBA #Knicks Who is Brian Kortovich?"
"Hi Shelby!"
"can vinyl records be consider as plastic that can be recycle"
"First AP test tomorrow. Yay!"
"Where are you? It's strange not as bad as if it was on a bus. :)"
"don't steal my phrase!!!! Only restaurants and hallmark makes money tonight. #ValentinesDay = whack"
"No, I did a search for the company and found a million other people having the same problems saying the dude is awol"
"This movie on b.e.t sad as hell. I would rob a bank any day if that was my child"
"Finally watching Atlas Shrugged on !"
"I really needed that puppy video today."
"and I really want you to dish with so I can know my crazy ridiculous theories are right!!"
"society to combat it. We can solve! It not this monster that cant b..."
"my whole timeline. Sorry Joshua."
"Western Sydney cares about global warming. Rising sea levels bring the boats closer."
"you might be interested in our iPad typing trainer app to hone your typing skills before your meeting."
"Can you follow me ? :)"
"\"L\" game with the homies and Rudi!"
"Your kung fu no good here."
"If only everyone felt as jazzed about #plone as I do right now. Oh the possibilities!"
"um can I get a sneak preview... I mean you both are my fam :-)... Just saying"
"Are we not following you and you think we should be? Tell us why!"
"I'll be home for the summer in a week and half? Say what?"
"Watched Burn After Reading. Checked on tomato plants. Birds ate all my blueberries! Got to get down to business this AM."
"Not that Californians have anything to be smug about tonight...*cough*prop8*cough*"
"At dead poets with two old friends. Why don't they tweet?"
"As I read you with my mouth and my fingertips - like berries you color my hands, like wine you stain my lips."
"...Two black, undercover-like squad suburbans."
"You're very welcome! ^__^ Thanks. Haha I knoow! What the heck. We need to chat it up. Lmao."
"I love you casino"
"Hm...Beer or bud? That is the question.. I know a Bud Beer :)"
"Is it just me or does it seem like Solis has no idea where Corgan might go? This is great."
"To have what most people don't, you must do what most people won't!! ...Eat well and train hard today!"
"I'm good,was in NJ for the week end.Heading back to FLA.How are things with you?"
"Dont despair Clipper Nation, they will figure this out"
"Lessons from the NFL Draft: What the experts consider the best \"players\" may not necessarily be the best fit for your team."
"You're my hero, Keebler."
"I didn't think you could top the first title, but you did. Kudos."
"#world follow up ?"
"Thanks, Sarah!"
"shout out to my newest follower Thanks for following! :D"
"Good race Jeff!! Not bad!! 8th place!!"
"can you hook me up?"
"hi. are you reading this? no? k"
"Julie!!! I need you, man! Mine has gone blue screen twice today :( Not blue screen of death, just shuts down."
"yes! internet has been down in my apt the whole week so i haven't been able to do much! Fixed on Saturday, hit you up then!"
"Elections very important, new generation, new ideas, finally they can show the potential of their people..."
"Oh, dear. What did we supposedly do this time?"
"Tune into Q13 Fox News tonight at 10pm to hear more about a #sextrafficking case! Thx for joining the fight, Q13!"
"I love that 1 reason hubs started #homebrewing was b/c it would be \"cheaper.\" 100s of $'s on equip & a #webseries later-I feel a bit misled."
"Welcome to my nightmare everyday : /"
"thanks. I read a lot on your website and found it extremely helpful and would like to document my experience for others also"
"I was crying laughing last night"
"That moment when you wanna flip on your best friend for makin a bad mistake, like jwoww did to snooki, but you remember, she fuckin needs u"
"I'll be Dj'ing today at Synergy Fitness, come down"
"But they sent it to Portland for Wallace. I read one idea, Rudy to NO for Amini, Jack and their lottery pick, that's shaky."
"Well hello there!!"
"He is beautiful!! (:"
"It's not TV; It's MSNBC!"
"James ThomasIll can he rule the great that cannot reach the small"
"Someone guessed that I am French today."
"staying home to studying for ap euro all day >>>>"
"Wait she changed her twitter handle plz follow"
"lmao at that one time you said Adele would give great head! :D"
"#whosgonnalose - Baltimore at Pittsburgh - Pittsburgh will lose"
"All I know is I'm not home yet. This is not where I belong... -Building 429"
"yeah, lately everything I watch gets axed. Almost hate watching anything anymore"
"Aishwarya Rai Slammed in India for Not Losing Baby Weight"
"Oh yes! First thing I read, and then I blogged about it and ordered my whole family to read it! Unfortunately some of it I..."
"The rumor that all the guys riding in the #BlackOps2 trailer were wearing My Little Pony t-shirts is false."
"Irony is reading a conversation on Facebook about how Twitter is a waste of time."
"#I am #going to #sKiP eveRYwherE I go #toDay! And sWiNG my arms! And #wHisTLe. :op Im"
"The only good thing about planking is that eventually someone will end up on a Tosh.0 web redemption."
"I don't call a lot of guys cute, so if I do you must be really lovely."
"Hear the Willy Wonka flute every time someone tells you a lie OR only be able to advance in life by competing on American Gladiators"
"- thanks for leaving the Love Boat theme song playing in my head! Safer play? M Barber / S Jackson?"
"RT : Although I grew up here and have been back for 15 yrs..this is my first time EVER eating at TWIN ANCHORS!! Yummy!!"
"\"My mom got them from using some foreign guys toothbrush.\" New Icarly"
"yup that's the one."
"Overused fonts: Bleeding Cowboy, and Birth of a Hero"
"Oops worst parking job in the history of ever. Don't even care."
"Happy Birthday mam."
"Either you run the day or the day runs you. -Jim Rohn"
"Grammar.. The difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit"
"what date"
"Avnet Integrated Resources’ ROUND2 INC. Donates to The Nature Conservancy in Observance of Earth Day Initiative"
"The PURE Project from Brooks is good! I'm running in PureFlow now - great light shoes for experienced runners. Check all four!"
"I worded that so weird. whatevas"
"Driving home after lifting was a horrible idea"
"Our services speak 4 themself. Can u do a conf call tomorrow? Email us @ #THF We are now Worldwide."
"Nice morning stroll to my house fucking Australians"
"Delectably! Perfect pairing with the coconut rice. Loving February in"
"I think I'm going to go to Tres de Mayo, too."
"Your Thesis title is much more intriguing than mine. Cool of you to share it as well. Congrats!"
"I miss my ex roomate;("
"On Sunday April 1st, Gabby Brianna will be in Washington DC. Please come out if you want to meet her and take pictures/autographs."
"Today the Heat start 2-0"
"i digress"
"Heading back to the press this am after a week of travel (Berkeley and Duluth)."
"addicted to caffeine? Yeah, I'm also addicted to air. Until we run out of either, who cares?"
"i can see you ! Lol"
"Are the Hunger Games a Biggest Loser spinoff?"
"All these russian people are following me ahaha"
"JUST WATCHD Icarly!!!!! I LOVED IHT!!!!! <3 The End when sam took a hold of Zayn <3 ime put this in dvd and watch it all over again!"
"your pitcher is already prepping for the playoffs... I heard he hit a 85 on 9holes last time he was supposed to pitch ;)"
"Saw the clip of supposedly upset at TV media. Didn't seem like he was particularly upset. Short, yes, but he was rational."
"fuckkkkkkk you my nigga RT : I KNOW you stank RT : .... no RT : People who drink stink too."
"son, I've been on this shit since I was playing shows with Arkadelphia!"
"Yay! What's your feedback/takeaway? RT : Listening to Casey Benedict at the Bloggers and Marketers"
"\"A loving heart is the truest wisdom.\" ~"
"final point is the best: status quo is \"no bill.\" congress need not actively legislate (yet) to protect open source culture."
"Waking up at 7 tomorrow.... always on my grind...."
"Is it totally giant like the trees?"
"Affordable, Brand New Earth Advantage Homes coming this summer on 647 NE SUMNER ST. Prime inner Portland location!"
"I can't even make mashed potatoes in the freaking microwave."
"I am posting it to the blog later"
"that is some super gross candy time"
"Contraband is really good 👏"
"Re: Colorado Springs. The city held an art exhibit and invited soldiers to participate. Resulted in a community conversation"
"How many times u gonna let Griffin dunk on you Gasol??"
"#MW3 Sucks balls. Sorry everyone."
"How are the #nhl la kings doing this? Spurs no doubt best in nba"
"working on stupid finals stuff. i HATE finals. also I have been watching\"aristocats\" for the last 6 hours. :)"
"Really wanted to see blink in sept. For my first concert and see and the boys do their thing but I can't afford it"
"I'm wearing Driver! My husband has this thing where he wears Hawk be4 the game and switches 2 Aaron just before kickoff GL!"
"Remember the name Glenn Greenspan. Frmr Augusta Ntl PR head is putting together Tiger's PR strategy. Completely whiffing so far via"
"Sit back & relax tonight @ midnight with and & as they take you on a 2 hour melodic ride"
"Its funny how quick I get irritated"
"Sad to have missed the opening of the FAV Triennial Exhibition tonight. Hoping to make it down to Providence to check it out soon!"
"slowly getting sicker as we get further into spring"
"Can u bring an iPod full of some Euro music for after 9pm? We have some great Europeans on the task already, but more is better"
"hey christian jacob beadles"
"No I didn't!! But that's great news. Length of stay, what's on the agenda?"
"But you're already >"
"5 min in & God Bless America & it's my new favorite flick."
"Should Kris Boyd translate well to the #MLS and Trencito work out in the end... It could be quite a year for the #Timbers -"
"Let the madness begin"
"And i also hate when females wear their singles down... Ugh."
"Why do ants and pepper have to look so much alike?...I'm telling myself it was pepper! lol"
"I have 0 money too:(.. You buy me one ill buy you one!?!"
"i knw tell me about it lol"
"yeah I got stollen at the y"
"Great turnout today! Always love celebrating this country and saluting our troops who made it all possible. Go USA!"
"both b**** niggas"
"Did you attend the Rock Hall's induction ceremony? What did you think?"
"Congratulations to the USA Today's new publisher, Larry Kramer. Bought my 1st paper in Oct. 1982. Right journalist for future."
"Bonamour CEO Nathan Halsey will be in Irvine, CA June 30th, don't miss opportunity to see him speak on Bonamour at Hyatt."
"I am Twitter official with Glen now. Just sayin."
"dont know of another way to do it!! :-)"
"that awesome! :) I miss talking to you"
"I'm sick of waiting. I'm starting my training now!"
"i have coordination....gravity and i just don't get along! but that would happen hahaha."
"Never felt so good"
"In case Ron Artest (Metta World Peace) doesn't already make millions, now hes releasing a mix tape. Smh"
"Diamond Design Ideas promotion! Exclusive Uncut Hit Shake It by Shay! Check it out!"
"Flash Seats needs an iPhone app. Would benefit from it immensely!"
"One of my favorite things is having ppl introduce themselves to me when I have my letters on. Never get old!"
"Aw i miss him already! :("
"The TASS board at the Art Institute allows excellent visitor involvement: appropriation, production and re-dissemination of media content!"
"umm I might need to block you for the feed clutter. ;-)"
"Getting things all situated for tonight's boot camp! It's time to take things to another level!"
"Done! We're still finishing up on Netter's final portrait, but it's getting there ;)"
"Going to see The Dolls (oh yeah, Poison and Motley Crue are also playing)!!!"
"Tech can help make it a flow instead of an event."
"its ok."
"Catherine: Why? (1) because I feel sorry poor/homeless people and I want to help!"
"is the modern day rolodex. and it works. well. Add that to the list the gmail should have but doesn't."
"Show me a nasty fruit bat, and I'll show you a 23 year old man screaming like a little girl."
"CBGB shits? Fairly certain those happened to Joey Ramone on a regular basis!"
"Wow! Great job!"
"I'm excited for the Williams signing for the #Bills... but why does my mind keep going back to Bledsoe?"
"actually, it's my first one :D"
"I know everyone had a good time"
"At work gotta do a double shift today. Pissed at d snow"
"RT“ I lowkey miss my ex”"
"!!! RT NCAA lets Syracuse do drugs, endanger kids and then cheats 4 them."
"TY for the support! RT Welcome to Twitter! Their first microgranting dinner will be held Sat 1/28 in"
"meh, just watch Frasier re-runs on Netflix, it"
"WOAH.. So close to top ten omgg"
"Chants of \"Sweep!\" take over"
"Thanks for the #FF Molly ;-)"
"ROBIN help UNITY make wishes come true! come see us and share in OUR passion! Bless you and have a smile day! john"
"just walking in now"
"why yes, you just don't make the slime in the first place."
"come to milwaukee"
"YES! & YES! like shuttup people ! u wouldnt likee it if they did that to you! leave them alone! they're simply amazing."
"It's a fairly quiet afternoon but of COURSE I get two phone calls at the exact same time."
"How good R U? U Can B! #singingforaliving with"
"“: SPOILER ALERT: Santa isn't real.” haha! Nice"
"Bestfrannn isn't texting back! D:"
"yeah, I usually like him too. But you're right. Antagonizing #BBN is how some of them make a living. We're just that powerful!"
"Big L #dopest Big Pun dopest. # its a tie"
"There's nothing a couple margaritas cant fix"
"RT : In Baltimore? MT : Glories of Jewish deli -- Friday w/ Knish maven Laura Silver 1 pm"
"Just had lunch I was starving! (: 2 more period till school end."
"Dear LA Drivers, What happened to the courtesy wave and the use of your turn signals? Look up from your Crackberry every once in a while!"
"<3 my burn one day-tan the next skin 8)"
"Producer of Forrest Gump and an Oscar and co-owner of the Giants and a Championship Good on Steve Tisch"
"shut up blake"
"Nope, unfortunately there has been no inclusion of WOC. That aspect of the show remains awful."
"Was gonna say, isn't the stench of mildew at least better than the stench of Jared?"
"yes it has"
"awesome Tee !"
"Gotta take a short nap. Be back soon."
"Hello Saturday."
"You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure. - Zig Ziglar"
"Use a condom, and my body."
"That last message was meant to come after the one that began \"His eyes were bright...\" I am still trying to understand this new technology."
"I am trying to get outside more today, too. I was inspired by the others last night!"
"Saw her on Letterman earlier this week. She sounded great!"
"MODERN DEFINITIONS... DIVORCE: Future Tense of Marriage"
"The weekend is almost here! Is anyone out there planning to visit us?"
"every one follow my boy"
"Don't touch me, just fix me."
"I just saw a girl on the train who looked exactly from one of my best high school friends 1984 yearbook pics, clothes hair and all."
"Essentially. Sports news is kind of thin this time of year. 90% of coverage is basketball. God forbid they cover more hockey"
"Yes you can!"
"you won't listen any other way!!"
"Will there be snacks? “: For all of you who have been asking, The TSBand will be doing a wrkshop-in LA 's May 26 2-5”"
"#news More than 50 GPs involved in the groups that will control have warned the NHS may be \"in peril\" if government changes are derailed."
"Headin over to Comerica for Tigers vs Rays... gettin there in time to see the pre-game video we produced on the big screen. Go Tigers!!"
"Has Jerry ever consiedered getting a twitter? bcuz ik he has a facebook. (if its really him), and JK on Twit seems awesome."
"Happy Labor Day to all! Hope you have enjoyed the long weekend!"
"Big win for psu basketball"
"an @ reply from grant hill means you must be having a fantastic day, Jimmy."
"I texted ya!"
"Well Thankyou! Hope you dont work in a hospital or air traffic control lol !"
"isn't it amazing that out of no where #Cain is top of the polls? Makes it almost seem like he was turned to the dark side."
"Very excited! My mom is visiting from out of town. Picking her up at train station. Should be a fun couple of days."
"is your train going to downtown STL or Kirkwood?"
"We are doing free ticket give aways to our home show December 9th! Keep checking our Facebook and twitter the next few hours! [RT PLEASE!]"
"Just got accepted by two impressive organization. These links will def. expand Studville. Blessed!! >> Thats whats up! Congrats!"
"who cares!"
"The Muffin Man is on Logan Circle this morning! Come try our delicious Blueberry and Cinnamon Apple muffins or some of our brunch breads!"
"ohh nice. And you mean 28th, right? Because there is no 38th. :P haha sorry, I had to. And at least you'll be back for"
"They'll speak negatively about us but jealousy has taking over their minds.The words they try to break us down with only makes us stronger."
"I Love Easter and it's wonderful promise ! I Love spring and all it's beauty !!"
"damn i haven't been on here in a min but i guess i can return"
"wish we could go back to how things were"
"Don't worry... It will be okay..."
"#IDontPartyBecause my names Luke"
"\" military family resources helped my kids & allowed me to relate to my family\" says Major Nico Marcolongo, served in Iraq War"
"Chimpanzee trailer. >>>>>"
"Woah nelly, Amy. That's quite the stack. It would probably look thinner if they were digitalized."
"You have to listen to this interview. His time starts at 1:47 on the podcast. You have to listen. Fred speaks so well."
"lol girl just let me know when"
"everyone loves him except HATERZ"
"Feelin myself!!! At the moment!!"
"Dating Tips For Guys - Keep Your Date Interested"
"\"oh please, I'm sure jesus was bisexual\"--Schylinski"
"Finally Taio Cruz is on stage! Thanks to everybody that came out to KISSmas Bash part 1, see ya for Bruno Mars!"
"I feel like Timmy's one more bad route or missed pop up from Vito-ing Pagan and Theriot."
"Beez in the Trap"
"You can't get a taste for your potential and what you are really made of if you never push yourself past your limits."
"A form of flattery"
"Books are simply compilations of blog posts published later (even if the author doesn't blog). Easy to confuse message & medium."
"Please Follow Me Back!!!!! Love Ya, My GRANDman <3"
"I had tweetdeck but swtiched back to plain ole twitter app. b/c when I travel I am just monitoring and little generation."
"People be killing me fuck my daddy or fuck my sperm donor like he help make you to if he neva did nothing wit yo mama you wouldn't be here"
"Saw a guy last night swinging dumbbells like they were golf clubs."
"“: Now leaving Sheboygan...alive!” phew!!!!"
"It was a great weekend for new followers! Hello everyone! :) , , , , !"
"I told my oldest that Boston Celtic players kick puppies. And I feel no shame in that. At all."
"when I was 18 I started taking music more seriously...started touring at 19 and knew it's what I wanted to do! :)"
"Got fog in my eyelashes running Westridge this morning. Now wired on Peet's."
"Yep, again."
"when did the day of the speech mean more than the substance of the speech?"
"Oops/correction - and that they (our soldiers) can be home for Christmas)"
"wow that's crazy! Ate they strict with the kids too cuz I've seen some girls in crazy shit its sad"
"please report it."
"Great 21-5 win by over #France in the Bowl quarterfinals at the"
"do you think you and PCFH should tour together?"
"Go Go! Last day of the series and the last day for our #HomestandCombo - Fried Chicken & Beer for $10!"
":Happy Thursday all :)"
"HAHAHA. sweat lady? oh my."
"Ready for #Bedlam baseball tonight at #GoPokes!!!"
"thanks for your support girl! Us Beliebers have to stick together :)"
"Ironman or Hulk? Who cares they both suck"
"He done the heart x"
"haha witch one?!"
"speaking of stealin, your terrarium is still here at PCA and it's tempting me!"
"Thanks Mack, I hope you enjoy it."
"join the KCJA tonight at the Phoenix and listen to DJ Sweeny! music starts at 7 pm"
"i've been left school! :P i'm at radioshack!"
"me!! All my bitches love me All my, all my bitches love me All my bitches love me You aint fuckin wit my dougie! hahaha :P"
"good luck and can't wait to hear all!"
"#FOLLOW Me"
"People wonder why in quite wen thier around , cus ny mom always said if u aint got none nice to say dont say nothing at all !"
"When tells you something that gets you all mad & then says \"FALSE ALARM\" #scary 😳"
"#SOPA if everyone will #boycotthollywood by not buying any movies for 2 weeks then we would win this. Boycott Hollywood"
"The fabulous #aam2012 start in 15 minutes! Minneapolis Ballroom B at the Hilton. Free champagne to toast the 47 winners"
"Glad to hear that our staff has been treating you well. Best of luck during your recovery."
"you know it. ;)"
"The iEconomy: Apple x2019;s iPad and the Human Costs for Workers in China"
"Is this something new for Chicago? I figured it was like that every year."
"Hey kids! Never ever try to run from a vampire while running on a treadmill. He'll catch you. I'm just saying..."
"Manee i felt likee a pimp while i was doin it ;)"
"hope u quit soon lol"
"friend on Facebook just posted a video of their 2yr old climbing stairs. actually watched it, rooted for stairs to win the battle. wrong?"
"Missouri sponsor liaison testifying on MO sponsors working to set standards and best practices as a group."
"Thanks to everyone who entered to win MIB3 goodies & a DD card from #AgentDLV. We'll be announcing the 4 winners very soon!"
"Apples & peanut butter~ nomnomnom"
"My neighbor is mowing his lawn when its raining out. Come on man use your head!"
"The girl at starbucks was straight up flirting with me , tell me why I got all nervous ? Lol Time for my Final :)"
"It's #upfronts week."
"RT :Loved being on campus this am! Thanks for inviting & I. Press release coming soon."
"i aint mean to b rude boo"
"try their lunch and dinner! SUSHI TARO serves 21 TFT menu items including the Sushi Lunch Box, Saba Shio Lunch Set, and Seaweed Salad."
"#imsofuckedup I almost tried taking my makeup off with nail polish remover instead of makeup remover"
"How is there a better Mother's Day present than s #New&Improved #BloodyMary ??"
"Letting my 9 year old (born in 2001) watch for history's sake but talk of retaliation is scary."
"Scott: sounds like you need some extra hands thru the holidays, i will work for free! Maybe food prep? Base near my house"
"Are you fucking kidding me"
"Or the uprising in District 12. (I had to do it.)"
"Lol the bobcats could beat the 76ers but the Celtics cant"
"Both and have been in toy commercials. Why? Bahaha"
"Awesome! Not only do we have football team at our event in Feb, now the team will be there too!"
"good morning =) realized my friend took like 10 pictures of me when I wasn't looking and put them on facebook. ok."
". received over $500k in campaign $ from the entertainment industry now she's their PIPA puppet"
"nice 4.3s...check your sources from a couple hours ago."
"Really What Happened... Lighten Up My Night!!!"
"heat bro you would hurt feelings out there.lol"
"any idea on lineup for next weekend? #pleasebehungergames!"
"BANG! NightLife @ the California Academy of Sciences is sold out tonight. Open bar, Fitz & the Tantrums, JBoogie, Ren & Billion Jelly Bloom."
"IT LIVES! *dances*"
"... but \"expert\" looking 2 wheels are given less clearance and treated more aggressively by car drivers."
"Thanks for the support. You are definitely going to get a first-round bye."
"Same paper, two headlines: \"Greenland Glaciers Speed Up and Swell Rising Seas\" and \"Greenland's Ice Melting More Slowly Than Expected.\""
"I just wish esquire or GQ could do ONE more article on jeans. A three page spread per issue on pants seems low."
"Aw I work at dominicks."
"Am I that old? RT : Today 3 years on Twitter: , and"
"RT : on 6:40 am to chat about thousands of riders gearing up in support of Lung Association"
"Hilarious! At Panera & place is packed bc nobody has power. Man brought power strip & woman just bought it off him so we can all stay juiced"
"is your name Benjamin ? Is your name Franklin ?"
"i hate it when someone copies my tweet"
"Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss you will land among the stars. -Les Brown"
"Peeps our food drive kicks off FRIDAY. 3 non-perishable food items gets you one free med iced or hot coffee! ALL LOCATIONS."
"PLEASE FOLLOW ME(: i wanna dm you my number :P"
"Nun on da computer at home like always n plus i got tha day off from skool"
"I just wish that you could understand......"
"Watching \" The Miracle Worker\" on Anne Bancroft and Patty Duke are amazing every time I watch this movie"
"Happy Birthday Betty White <3"
"When asked what are your biggest concers about social media? main concern is that it will take a lot of fime, confidential info will leak."
"I'm mad deshawn raw is battling Chris rock on battle parody 4 lmao"
"Congrats! Enjoy your new pest-free home."
"Is anybody ages 16-30 interested in sitting in on a focus group for a new clothing line on this Saturday? Drink and apps provided. LMK!"
"I watched I #LOVE it"
"Probably should think about getting two, just incase one is defective. Safety first!"
"If u follow us we follow u...so if we have a million following us we should b following a million plus hit us up"
"The countdown has started...good morning good people.. tgif...and april fools to"
"gas up yer VW bus :)"
"framing hanley's \"lollipop\" cover <3"
"I give Henrik Stenson credit. 1.) Didn't break a club after his 8. 2.) Had the brass to call his 8 a \"snowman.\" Luv it!"
"Women were created for a reason, to keep men sane."
"Ugh...fuck ur feelings amateur hour is now over"
"Philadelphia Youth Media Collaborative forms in the fall of 2011 and starts youth media collaboration in Philly"
"is a combination of literature and interactive learning. we enhance author content and teaching tools with multimedia apps."
"Watching 's shots on the O'Haney project is making me laugh. it comes with time. #good effort"
"Now she wanna photo you already know though u only live once thats the motto"
"Hello, summertime! It's nice to see you again. :)"
"I def think it is an excuse to leave early and enjoy this spectacular day!"
"Oh my gosh, that is exactly what mine and evans look like. Hahaha"
"the word \"dismayed\" was an interesting choice there..."
"Thank you Echo Park for having me tonight!"
"It's a big protest that's going to happen in Chicago. Supposed to be kind of ugly."
"Anyone want to help me pitch my tent?"
"Havent been home since 9 am... Studied my hitt of for midterm, didn't do so well, CCWA proved yet again to be best student org"
"It's Bout To Be A Good Fucking Night"
"I wanna cry."
"Loves learning Spanish is the Costco Parking Lot"
"“ Dear bill collectors... WHEN I GET IT YOU'LL GET IT!!!”"
"okay, I'll stay to be with you. I gotta go talk to ms.ricks anyway. I missed you today !!"
"Pei Wei Mandarin Kung Pao is inferior to Spicy in every way. It just tastes like soy sauce."
"Leaving for AZ Thursday morning to take in some #springtraining2012 baseball. Can't wait!"
"I DEE KAY"
"Nothing better than a lazy football sunday layin around in bed"
"Freedom by Jonathan Franzen was great."
"Does A Salvatore count??(;"
"Sleep? Nah, Weeds just got to real!"
"Amy Levine: #FCC has long advocated creative uses of #spectrum in #healthcare, other places to drive #adoption,"
"“If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.” -Lucius Annaeus Seneca"
"Teaching myself to be more Girly & lady like :/"
"30% of friends and family sale at Diesel. Text me your email address and I'll send you the flyer that you need."
"If I use a time machine to go to another timestream to READ, so that I'm just more well-read in this one, will that f*** s*** up too much?"
"Best tweet ever."
"Those that would stand in your way are only relevant to the extent you allow them to be."
"Visit to read up on the first things #interviewers notice about you, courtesy of Careers Editor"
"Before you insult a man, walk a mile in his shoes. That way, when you insult him, you'll be a mile away, and have his shoes."
"funny, I'm doing the same here!"
"If irregularities of tooth position, alignment, or contour can be corrected w/in the neutral zone, the prognosis for long-term stability..."
"good times...I loved Stan!"
"RT if you would watch if I did a twit cam!"
"haha i still hate it too ):"
"we are so proud of you and truly inspired by your heart."
"It may say lots about me that I never read Where The Wild Things Are as a kid, but i did go to the themed rave in LA in the mid 90s."
"#iranelection # Iran repugnant forced confessions are rolling. people say\" No way to take our Freedom away from Us. NO WAY\""
"Imma have to sleep on dat one"
"They are so cute. :) Haha"
": Hey could you make me one? I cant PM you.... It wont let me"
"On a lighter note, I can now keep my hula hoop aloft for about a minute at a time. My hoop theme song is \"All You Need is Now.\" No hatin'."
"How many people actually believe that because you said it? Do they know the word gullible isn't in the dictionary?"
"Wanna be successful hang with successful people"
"LIVE IN DA STUDIO"
"Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow "
"In a District Chophouse food coma!"
"Authors Note: I can't imagine making film that way...wow. Thankfully video came along."
"Stop by and say hello"
"I am grateful for an understanding and awesome advisor:"
"Why am I still upp?-__-"
"I think I just saw mud from camp nowhere"
"And at 12:32pm, you'll get to file that report."
"yep. Breeds questions of scope as well: class, department, institution, consortium, etc. Thx."
"What did the painter say to the wall? One more crack and I’ll plaster you!"
"Only ONE spot left in our Kids Yoga Teacher Training Course which starts tonight at 6:30! Still time to register before we close it out!"
"Thank you so much Tanya and for a great interview.. is excited to share your stories"
"A little writing turns into a lot of writing if you are doing this consistently."
"You're absolutely right!"
"NEW YORK RANGERS WIN!!!!!"
"Shout out Nick Young man"
"Tight now and if he gets broken it is DOOMS DAY!"
"Really want to follow for their info & updates, but mixing that w/repetitive marketing msgs is wearing me down."
"Big, strong men are helping move furniture for me at the office today! I owe you & ! xx"
"counting down the days till Spring Break... 33 days till Cancun, Mexico!"
"Wow! Inner city students win #polo title"
"I can remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty."
"So, I accidentally said \"I love you\" to the guy who took my dinner reservation. It's gonna be super awkward when I kiss him later."
"We did it! We did it! Wettest March ever in Oregon history.. more than 7.52 inches! Thanks for nothing Ma Nature!"
"Tonight is so fucking awesome."
"Best we can hope for is the \"Columbus Ohioans\" RT : So IF Columbus were to get a NBA team, what should the mascot be?"
"whats reading? Im so confused."
"RT It's that time again to Get It On at Genki in Buckhead! Show that special someone how much you care!"
"That's a really cool gift :) It's great that there are now so many active options for game systems! Fun for parents and kids both!"
"Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume & job board, follow me also go to minorityjobs.net J ..."
"have a great day! :)"
"Thinking about new years eve--bone marrow & foie gras melting over steak, rutabaga gnocchi, parsley sauce..."
"In Saint Paul. Seeing \"It's complicated\" tonight. Laptop acting up - can't sense wireless signals. Figures."
"Uh Oh! But I am sure he will come out on top of this situation! ; ) Happy Birthday to you!"
"Start basic - content, discussion boards (or some social/emotional component) evaluations online."
"Soccer game tonight! (:"
"FaceTime with my mom and sis :)"
"one more win"
"#diddyandbieber #diddyandbieber-- and would do amazing&i would buy the song!! :)"
"Why am I crying? :("
"\"The most important trip you'll ever make, is when you get up to meet someone half way.\""
"ooooooooohhhhh Billy is dead wrong. Omg. WHERE'S AN ARMED GUNMAN WHEN YOU NEED HIM??"
"K phone I get it you hate me , now let me get my text and I messages from everyone !"
"My dad just told a customer service person: \"You're the bomb.\" Wow."
"They're both Indian/Pakistani. Usmania (2244 W Devon) is the most recommended on my list. Anmol (2401 W Devon) isnt far behind"
"It will suck you in and never let go!"
"S/o to the homie and everyone else that is following us and supporting the #JazzThugs. Much Love!"
"they're giving a tour rehabbed foreclosure at 10:30 at 2404 n 46th. hines, murphy, and some community leaders will be there."
"Heard a rumor that Bentley is in Emily's season! Yes, some excitement!"
"The greatest virtues are those which are most useful to other persons."
"just making sure you're ok. You're one tough momma tho!"
"Close enough... you're not missing anything! LOL"
"did you get the mail"
"tweets on point"
"going to the lakers game aha :P"
"Lana Del Taco."
"\"Every brick, every board, every slamming door blown away\""
"is that your replacement to the 9th floor snack kart? Not bad!"
"Learn sumthn new everyday...."
"Bring it on. Don't take Derrick Ward in the first round -- I hear he got cut today."
"Hey #Flyers, where's the jam!? Let's go."
"It's a 498 mile road trip from IU's campus to the Georgia Dome, will students make the trip for the sweet 16? Story on at 4!"
"i have been on the bulls court before i played there it is amazing @@@@@@"
"Barkley loves whores and booze! #TNT is pissa. Shaq can leave anytime though."
"You can say that again! :) Lookin' good, Spence! Love catchin' up with you & hearing about your adorable family! :) Cheers!"
"look so cute in your AVI boo !! I know you Havin a blast !!"
"i don't understand what your tweet says but you have a fairly rad and punky profile pic. Just saying.."
"Just voted in the City County Bldg. Very smooth. Constant line of people moving quickly. Get out and be heard today or tomorrow"
"What happens in July? RT #fsi2012 - Barry argues mobile #LMS apps aren't adequate for online tests. True, until Mid July ;-)"
"I know I'm your favorite person , have u seen ur Facebook!(: love you(:"
"- glad you got it taken care of :))"
"shht I'm not either"
"hot damn you know how Twitter has the \"similar to you\" section? I got :D hell yeah! if only i had his beautiful hair...."
"\"If she cries her eyelashes are going to fall off!\" hahaha"
"You bet. Thanks for bringing value to our space."
"hey thanks for conncecting on Twitter."
"Oh yes! It sure can be. Let us know if we can help at all. We would love to hear all about it!"
"Just played hide-and-seek in the dark(; fun!(:"
"Reading Alan Ehrenhalt's upcoming \"Great Inversion,\" and wondering if I should have been an urban design major"
"It would be awesome if had the show #TheWalkingDead available. Amazing show."
"no.... *Jen sends you chocolate and time travel to cure all ills* so sorry! :( xo"
"I'm staying in Kingsville for the summer, but I'll prob go home and visit in like a week or two?"
"Im really starting to like you again. Problem? You have a gf. Who i think hates me cause' we went out. Ugh, why? -_-"
"A nigga dat thinks & kno a bit*h needs him treats her like shit!"
"Hitting Atlanta up :-) Fwm"
"You are very welcome. :) Thanks for the link ^^"
"If it don't make money, it don't make sense 0-o"
"I have heard they are doing a call me maybe video :D :D :D :D"
"@ I'll get on if is down"
"Don't miss out on Waterfi's Big Birthday Sale tomorrow only! Want to know a sale secret? We're starting the sale early today at 5pm PST!"
"Here comes the sun!"
"thats why my imagination is critical-transcending ignorance, creating an outlet"
"we're ready when you are."
"FYI your recaps are the best. My parents make me fwd a link to them every Mon. This Peggy \"HJ\" Olsen update was awkward"
"what is it, I don't retweet spam or garbage."
"Well it could be worse. Yep I just checked it is worse."
"not really a surprise - best option is a buy out at this point, if they don't catch up"
"...REVEAL your RAVENOUS HUNGER for a MEANINGFUL EXISTENCE!!! ;-)"
"my settle jokes are too settle apparently, i mean obviously if people still don't get them ."
"I LOVE YOU <3"
"Watching today, I don't think i've cried so hard in my life."
"sadly we dont plan on supporting blackberry :("
"no. Just sick."
"Just got a very cool job offer via FB Chat. This is the future."
"TONIGHT AND EVERY WEDNESDAY NIGHT IN MAY: Eddie Miller performs with Kristin Major on vocals and Jon Smith on Sax..."
"hey its in my study guide. Not my fault lol"
"My old roommate deleted me in Facebook. I don't really give a fuck, I just think its funny that he swore up and down that he didn't hate me."
"Yes! UNC loses!!!"
"I know it's allergy season and everything, but this guy at the library has been sniffling & snorting for over an HOUR."
"Good Morning Mr. President!"
"“: I'm pretty sure that I'd be offended if Justin Bieber showed up at my door, with Proactive!” YES "
"RT : Q2 via ‎: Any tips for being able to sleep better in those uncomfortably seats on planes or buses?"
"I'm actually not asking for myself its for a friend and we need quick relief so non prescription only"
"thanks! RT : Follow as a Resource to Be informed and Take action against issues that affect your community!!!"
"Awesome that you're gonna film soon! I'm totally jealous. Hope it's all coming together well!!!"
"Nice shirt.."
"what's that Key???"
"Headed back through Houston to NOLA. listening to Willie D."
"LMAO!! Girl you don't do shit to my ass. Lmao!! I love you, I love you, I love you too."
"Nelly Furtado - I'm Like A Bird"
"I leave my job at the school library to spend too much time and money in a book store..."
"Even when I have post limit on tumblr, I still don't do homework."
"There's a crazy old lady yelling at everyone. Are you sure I left nyc?"
"Have a great day!! :)"
"I want a puppy!"
"I can't wait either! Loved that show!"
"That's my hope : Tebow will be back as a back up to Peyton. He will be a starter for the Broncos in 3 years."
"Everybody chill. Obama's got this."
"oh snap..Not even nervous! ... Ok maybe a little"
"so when will i see you & Clem? Meghan Long wants to come, too, maybe...."
"This team MAY finally be coming together (I hope). Granted it's just against the Cubs, but I'll take any progress we can get."
"faculty talking about F2F office hours are dead. Adobe Connect Pro taking over - esp for large enrollment classes."
"Go fuck off, you stupid fucking GOP slut whordiot. In fact, since you hate america, move to another fucking country."
"Only way CBS gets any redemption is with a UNI Cinderella run. Kansas loss definitely takes some air out of tourney"
"dreamed you were sleeping and i jumped in the nest and smacked you with a sandwich!"
"So do most of the voting dems in this state..."
"Follow for score updates as they happen. They play Army and UConn later today, beat Temple this AM"
"I've been playing nonstop.. Need to stop."
"where is my easel? a little drunk and feeling inspired. perfect time to bust out the oil paints."
"I do be knoccd out. Lol!"
"he was the man. RIP Carroll Shelby."
"Everybody knows it sucks to grow up"
"He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever. ~ Chinese Proverb"
"you're welcome."
"The day you slipped away was the day I found it won't be the same..."
"White Chocolate Raspberry, Blueberry Cheesecake, Dark Chocolate, Raspberry Lemonade, Salted Caramel..."
"A Blazer fan agrees. Go Spurs! RT GAME DAY BALA GAME DAY!!!"
"That's smart! More faculty could do this - if encouraged to think about #firstgen issues. These basics make a difference!"
"she's really sarcastic tho so ya lolz"
"“: No matter how strong a girl is, she always has a breaking point...”"
"no problem! I'm great! Still acting, trying to get into musical theatre. How about you!? :)"
"ME TOO! :) RT : #bravecarslandevent So stoked to see everyone next month!"
"just followed have to support bands from my home state of course!!!"
"excited about Orlando this week?"
"I don't know! Everyone I know didn't, and I know some proposals were spot on."
"Cause i like it like that, YEAH!"
"...if ever there was a time when I wish I were deaf..this shit is horrible!!!! Dayum, she should have had a ghost writter..smh"
"Brown Center Report Part I: The Common Core will have little to no effect on student achievement."
"The annoying moment when you run over your own banana peel in Mario Kart. Fail"
"in his defense, I don't know this missing person either."
"Your suffering is not punishment. It is development. He is making me market place ready! It is a light affliction!"
"Painkiller type of morning - allergy season had me coughing, and a 4-year-old had his feet in my back all night long - allergies, too."
"if theres a god he's a chiropractor lol"
"Im talking about the overall case as a whole. Especially in light of all the details coming out (the pic of blood head, ect"
"I don't want to go to school today."
"Who was at our door at 5a. Not cool."
"Yes Jane Yes!"
"thanks for the #FF Dave!"
"I wonder if anyone's ever robbed someone using a cactus."
"You home already"
"How are older people contributing to society in your country? To the family? To the workforce? To the city or community?"
"RT : Actually prefer the hot pink bats being used this Mom's Day compared to the Pepto Bismol versions of recent years."
"Amem & Thanks Dave!"
"Thanks, G! You are too!! RT Hey, thank you! Hope it was worthwhile....and yeah, is the goods :-)"
"Don't be bitter. Never pays off. Trust me. Dealing with that now."
"GState fans hating on their owner during Mullins ceremony was BRUTAL, but not as brutal as RBarry's brown suede Easy Rider jacket! LOL!!"
"Had a friend show me around #RackSpace Fri & couldn't wait 2 put N an app RT : SA companies boast happy workers"
"wait one direction week?! lucky im jealous"
"As opposed to Google, our online library won't face a copyright probe :)"
"E0C test-_- oh how I adore mondays."
"Bev just put all raincoats on sale! 35% off, and just in time, it is cold and wet tonight!"
"cam newton"
"love. Can someone turn the music UP some more please?"
"I fall in love all over, every time I look at you"
"Good to know RT : Just so you know I love chocolate more than I love sharing."
"exactly i got like 6 unfollows for saying \"directioners are not the most dedicated fans\""
"ditto! #food&wine ?? huge for #lexington and the #bluegrass!"
"u my brotha's I aint even gotta say it, its juss somethin they know"
"thanks man =)"
"Why can't LA have bomb Chinese food spots like the northeast... Loving boston right now, vibe is different"
"Houston zoo! If it's free take two, right?"
"Shooting a short and getting put up in a nice Hotel. I can get use to that."
"gotta be happy for cities like that though. Smaller franchises need love too! (We should know haha)"
"I just poured a glass of chocolate milk, then realized I didn't want it at all."
"your tweet is amazing <3"
"all you can say is you'll go down on me<---"
"great blog today. Don't downplay yourself. Excellent insight today about sad state of affairs. Look forward to your blog daily."
"Sarah lost her car today"
"The Actors: 'Madagascar 3' goes on a European road trip - Los Angeles Times"
"Great podcast ! Well worth the $. Can't wait for the history of Billy Clyde."
"you look really amazing Michelle"
"She's nice sometimes to nice if it was a couple years ago she'd be totally tooken advantage of"
"\"What we want is frequently at odds with what is right..\""
"It's good, but its no \"Boombox\"."
"Preferably sea-faring. Definitely not butt!"
"he isn't flaunting it, it is a fact."
"ALL NEW Hart of Dixie"
"Good afternoon everyone! How are you all doing? By the way, we really appreciate everyone who has been participating in our daily questions!"
"Thanks for the stat. That's helpful info for my start-up."
"You should assemble a team"
"And I know you're not afraid to use them, either!"
"RT : Groundhog's day & you deserve a cup of Corn Chowder with a Wilted Spinach & Roasted Pepper sandwich & Darjeeling tea for lunch"
"where the hell is my Superman cape when I need it...... lol"
"Seeing you makes me wanna smack you."
"Putting the final details on next weekends blast - LOOK OUT Texas! We're coming your way and bring the incredibly talented Fos with us!"
"thank you sir. Glad you liked it."
"Sending my love from America! RT : you should come to germany!!! got a lot of fans over here in hannover ;)"
"Bulgarian weightlifter jailed for drug smuggling"
"my primo leo is home! great minds develop great things.. just gotta bring them together.."
"We have \"yolo - you only live once BUT for mexicans it's \"Yoco - You only cross once lmao!"
"Bet, what we doing... Lol"
"could it mean\"hire right\"?"
"Haha.. Swish in a big spot again!! Let's do this Swisher!!"
"ugh, I know."
"brain freeze"
"Its sad when you've been working on stuff on your laptop so long that when you're not on it, you still think \"CTRL S\" after every sentence."
": You can't fight poverty with bake sales"
"Imma Hit You Like A Ton Of Bricks No Renovation !!"
"I am the curator of my mind."
"I sent ya another one"
"#20ThingsAboutMe; 15. It really annoys me when people can't tell I'm being sarcastic."
"Today in Blues History: Nov 4, 1991, Bobby \"Blue\" Bland inducted into Rock and Roll Hall of Fame"
"We need more interactive admins, message me if interested. thnx."
"Nope only sal. acid-face swells up like an oompaloompa! I found a mint masque that shrinks pores... trying it now."
"With about to shoot \"Indelible\" waiting on wardrobe."
"Live at Regal Cinemas showing previews for Jeff Bridges True Grit. Did you know? More women dig Josh Brolin than Matt Damon?"
"BESIDES ASTROS what do you guys think is the best headset you can buy for your xbox? HELP ME OUT! that doesnt squeeze your brain to death ha"
"Very cool! Which one, LK? MT : Fun evening planning a thera-prov workshop w/a former improv student of"
"Happy 18th Birthday :D"
"I'm officially over Starbucks turkey bacon sandwiches...it was a good ride"
"Cause we're all just kids who grew up way too fast."
"Who had the brilliant idea to turn the power back on???"
"he's just a ray of sunshine right now. writing 'i love you' notes, putting them all over the house for us. always telling us sweet things!"
"If you want power so much that you are willing to kill to keep it, then you are unfit to govern human beings, let alone animals!"
"I 💚 thunderstorms."
"Family Guy."
"That's true he's from Canada."
"Caught Squawk Box this morning on You're right, much better than Morning Joe."
"WTF WTF a gazillion times... No school again what the hell! Curse u snow!! T__T"
"It's finally Friday 👍."
"If your desktop site is a buffet, your mobile site should be a nutrition bar. I like that."
"Our giveaways for Thursdays Nutrition Through the Bump Event are SO ROCKIN! We can't wait to give them away! Everyone takes home a gift f…"
"#Playoffs where amazing happens"
"Pretty sweet mixing from"
"just called Stephanie \"Spanish.\" Like, as is her name was Spanish."
"feel better!"
"The funniest thing I've read all day. RT: THIS...is Barack Obama! signs on to be NBC News election correspondent."
"I'm not engaged to him"
"...mine never are."
"can't tonight"
"What a great piece. Absolutely loved the ending."
"Or do we measure leaders against what the situation allows?"
"Always a pleasure! RT would like to thank it's 2012 Title Partner, for their support of"
"50 followers in 7 hours!!...send in your pictures folks"
"Build out of our popcorn facility has begun! Shout out to for your help. Get ready for some gourmet popcorn D.C.!!!"
"Hopefully landed another website Job and wrapping up A la Carte's website hopefully by middle of next week. Wish me luck!"
"Should we start a WRD Gilmore Girls Fan Club? Please tell me you're a Parenthood watcher."
"Servant leaders are mission driven. There's more to this than us - Vicki Clark"
"I didn't but I will. Thanks."
"we love you too:)"
"Working on a cloud quote."
"newsletter? My blog?"
"I have had a great time teaching social media classes this week as part of Tech Week at the Library. This afternoon: Hilliard branch!"
"thanks for the good juju! ;-)"
"#PlansForTheSummer Take over the world!"
"I may have a Happy Meal when absolutely necessary...but no Big Macs"
"shockingly, shelling all those peas turned out to be super not fun"
"RT : Thanks for the coupon code. Just another example of great customer service // No Problem!!"
"Bummer that I missed #DWTS tonight... I really wanted to see Driver dancing! ♥♥"
"you keep me off drugs, so thank you. Ash Wednesday"
"Ack! Just committed one of the deadly sins & replied to a discussion list instead of the individual.. sigh. In my defense, I was just added?"
"wondering if my neighbor is doing trick-or-beer again this year?"
"Happy to provide some comps for hotel guests, too, if you can use them. Sophisticated music lovers will not be disappointed!"
"things come together."
"Excellent NFL preview section today by and others in today's paper - one of the best I have read. Buy yourself a copy."
"\"Cody has big feet ;D you know what that means\"<<omg this HAHAH"
"Happy Intl Women's Day! \"Let us reaffirm our commitment to women’s rights and move forward with courage and determination\" -"
"Don't try to run zip code game on me bih... you from a suburb you joke. I been around sucka."
"What if money was raptured?"
"Sorry, I just have to pee.."
"Gearing up and looking forward to presenting to new TCU faculty at the New Faculty Orientation."
"You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear."
"I just noticed my iPod got scratched when I dropped it in the morning 😠😡👿💔"
"thx for the follow...."
"All those, yes, and the great Mariano."
"cant wait for the tribute at the #VMA tomorrow!!!!!"
"Thrift Town on El Camino. Spotted them last week and came back for them. Never had luck in Dixon. Good haul!"
"sometimes uses bad grammar intentionally!!!"
"it makes me mad when people say \"yeah I'm a mahomie. I love austin BUT he didn't used to be good and he's not really talented\". Wut is this."
"Nothing is funnier than randomly running into your DAD at while you both should still be at the office."
"Caught a gut shop-lifting condoms today but I left him off.. the embarrassment that everyone knows he's a dome-wearing pussy is enough"
"make it me, and Sonnet 130. And really do justice to that phenomenal last line. I know you can."
"Let the generation of the broken heartache be restored!"
"Finally outta workk !"
"Wikipedia's contents can be explored on several complementary pages"
"That HTP moment when I'm walking out of a sports store and a crusty older guy mutters \"Cutie\"..."
"What you plant now, you will harvest later"
"no display would be complete without Ozzie Guillens copy of the Communist Manifesto"
"Bejeweled is turning out to be a perfect remedy for those long gazzillion-slides-powerpoint-induced conference calls."
"I'm going to quote you on that last sentence in my next grant proposal! With whom did you study CN? Are u in Canada?"
"Totenberg: Kennedy has been known to change his mind, and Roberts views himself as a leader and consensus-builder."
"Is there any doubt this Rangers-Devils series goes 7 games? I don't see how it doesn't. Thoughts?"
"Let's go #NYKNICKS gettin HYPE!!!"
"I would have preferred almost anyone else."
"damn you"
"#SMWSportsBiz loves pinterest, #SMW12 in general loves pinterest, we love pinterest. Definitely the next big thing"
"Yes. RT : The best thing \"new\" lesson being able to create again. The past four years were too much dismantling."
"1,000!!!! WOW CANT BELIEVE THANK YOU ALL."
"Love 's fresh, positive voice. Just like her designs: \": It is raining today in NY...good for the gardens ! Love Diane\""
"Someday I will learn how to get off the Internet and do my work. ARGH. I should have majored in the Internet. That's my real calling."
"I am so lucky to have such funny people in my life............."
"ah man, did our new DP get hurt?"
"If you drink coffee why not drink healthy coffee! This is the best thing you could ever do.www.energyconnection.organgold.com!Drink health!"
"So is it 200 degrees in NOLA today or am I just ill-equipped for exercising outdoors?"
"is the loveliest lady \"in the know\" about TV production :)"
"It's the little things that count."
"Still have people to shop for? Give them a gift that is beautiful enough to be showcased in their home for years to come!..."
"In Boise Idaho now and headed tonight to Hells Canyon for a weekend of Friends, Family and Fun. I love reunions. Woohoo!"
"Turned the air off in my hotel room and opened the windows and door..."
"Ok seriously one of the funnest NYC nights of the year! You guys are awesome."
"I use #hemp protein powder, I love it! It's called Nutriva."
"Oh yea...free trial... That sounds kinda creepy..."
"Not a bad idea. Would be pretty entertaining after a few swigs of 2 buck chuck."
"I think the Lakers will win tonight, but Ill be pulling for the Nuggets"
"So stoked! Encore Beach Club opens tomorrow! One of the craziest pool parties in town! Hmu if youre down!"
"This girl >"
"baby :3 yeah, i fell into the peer pressure lol"
"Applied for two positions already. That's great for pre-9am, right?"
"does your mom HAVE to take you, or could someone else?"
"3pt contest next, let's go team heat, JJ and Rio!"
"I love getting birthday presents early. 😊👍💗"
"Great day yesterday! Hung out with great people and mixer! Looking forward to a very busy weekend!"
"Mpls police chief Tim Dolan opposes Shoot First Bill saying it will make the job more dangerous"
"Between , Concerts in the Park, and all the other rad events in town, #Sacramento has got it GOOD this summer!"
"you talkin to them ?"
"Over with the boy. Meh."
"The early bird gets the ... (coffee?)"
"Stupid is my enemy stupid hoes is so whack hahaha lol gtta love it"
"I Hate"
"“: There are about 50 #Kentucky fans at Houligan's in Daytona Beach, FL. Pretty good little turnout. #BBN #WeAreUK”"
"im listening to the radio waiting for them to play it (:"
"men I tryed to come n couldnt get out of bed lol"
"My card to the highest bidder? RT : #dsum12 a digital conference would make more sense if people could go digital"
"I played around with his tree software (I think that is the name). Would love to explore origami and math. R u doing this?"
"Maybe next time though! (: how are you guys?"
"Lol, I know u ain't just say freaky uh oh let's talk about Breee!!"
"yeah, the intro from \"Careless Whisper\" just popped in my brain."
"Passed right by my old friend's house...."
"#HowAboutWe; do what really makes us happy?"
"i didnt leave, twitter spazzed out."
"World Peace with the nice cheap elbow to the chin lol"
"Someone should shoot puck off your face. Injury is not funny."
"cool :D I'm not really in Kansas I live in Missouri but like I'm right on the edge so ya lol"
"awww thank u!!!! <333 haha thats awesome well please tell ur friends about my stuff then!! and maybe grab the EP =P"
"I got up and went for a 30 minutes walk this morning. I have been walking in the mornings for the last 3 weeks and I am addicated to it now."
"You will get the write up soon! I hope all is well. Be Blessed and thanks for your support!"
"If You Can Make Me Laugh Your A Keeper"
"Thanks... my 26.2 time is 4:24... but I'm hoping for low 4 by EOY. I'll channel my inner Alex and finish strong."
"In for the Kill - la roux/skrillex remix"
"Italian Birthday Cake vinyl: 7\" on top of a 10\" on top of a 12\", covered in mini-cd's and shredded cassette tape."
"Thanks! We like that one too :)"
"yep setbacks are not good! Thanks"
"naw the orig place got leased so ya boy been scouting. DM ya email and I'll send the link."
"Milly, your straight is showing. -"
"hey! If you dm me your email address I'll send you some info:) hope your having a great day!"
"Imma let the top down everyone I shoot thru... To give em motivation even tho they hatin"
"Today's focus (for me) is on connecting. What is your favorite way to connect to others professionally? Over lunch? Large/Small Networking …"
"lmao me too"
"I'm pretty sure I can afford more than taco bell lol"
"just my second baseball practice today..... AKA the greatest sport ever!!!!!!"
"i want to make garlic fried rice today. i will make garlic fried rice today."
"I feel like you don't want me anymore . 💔"
"are u obxing"
"U & your drama gf keep all that mess away from me. For once I'm finally happy. "
"did he shave off his losing streak goatee, then?"
"I do not feel like doing this review..."
"Happy Birthday!"
"good morning"
"We even have a network in El Paso, Texas! Check it out"
"Pretty good description of my life before coming out, though i doubt thats what you intended. Thanks for writing. I always read!"
"Free wifi on planes is the best invention ever. Thank you"
"I think it's harder to get to notice me on twitter than :P"
"I am unable to DM you cuz ur not following me...!"
"How do you carry Christ into your everyday life? Where does he lead you in your everyday life?"
"Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. ~ Euripides"
"\"Ok : I'm holding the weight of the world on my shoulders. I'm ready to fly, I'm takin high. I got my eye on the prize\""
"Today's writing tip: People like your unique writing style, not your best imitation of someone else's."
"First Suite by Gustav Holst is absolutely amazing tonight while doing homework :)"
"Tonight at 8pm at the Lagond Performance Showcase door charge is only $5. Come on down!"
"Chopped up not slopped up."
"dear future, i bought you. i own the rights."
"It sucks when you are really really sick and can not enjoy a Great cup of coffee!"
"I guess it might seem like I had a strange day if you go back and read my past 5 tweets..."
"To be brutally honest, we have suffered bigtime since Robert Gibbs left the West Wing. Jay doesn't know how to lie nearly as well as Bobby."
"saw your video wit n loved it u hav to do another"
"At Wall Street..."
"unfollowing you for the draft you're ruining my excitement"
"yup...Ronaldo another player he likes. And Kaka."
"Ok, off to watch a bit of the crazy box (as gram used to call it). Night all!"
"im doing this one for me...not you.."
"is a social media and SEO genius! Thank you for contributing to the Theater Connects future!"
"Oh yes, I've heard of those...Something else to look forward to."
"I'd be happy to share my thoughts."
"that reminds me of santos class... 97.3 the coast lol"
"The flooding was bad when we got here. Water has really receded since then."
"Three days left in spring break. :-| Back to work Monday."
"you acting like one! But have a good day, & tell your friends not to ride me soo hard!"
"This is my daily #RonPaul tweet encouraging supporters, decrying bias, spreading truth and promoting #liberty in 140 characters or fewer..."
"Was feeling a little twink for a hot minute next to guys like I gained about 5lbs of muscle in 2 weeks. Thanks Patrick!"
"damn ... changing games immediately (MLB.tv)"
"people who say \"thats not what your mom/dad said last night\" are lame af. WHY WERE YOU FUCKING MY MOM/DAD LAST NIGHT?! smfh."
"ok now i know you are an elvis artest you are maybe on my fb list i have many elvis artests"
"for everyone one person you have that hates your site there are 10 that love it and share with their friends!"
"I stubbornly insist on both writing poems and participating in political action."
"I'm wearing my LIKES BOYS shirt with a red plaid button down shirt. I'd say my Kurt costume for Halloween is all set. Lol"
"Travel postcards from readers: A yearly bonus along this coastline is the annual arrival of the elephant seals at Piedras Blancas Bea..."
"Goal setting is the foundation of fulfillment"
"ur a pussy"
"Oh well, eoc's are over for me I don't care."
"#3 - Just do it"
"come by _EVilla for Orchard Lounge tomorrow."
"wow u lame foe that"
"thank you for the work you are doing with youth."
"oh as do I, as do I."
"blah...im bored"
"On Thursdays we wear leggings"
"Just checked the Blu-Ray! WOW! A must have item for all!"
"HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO! It's a fiesta at tonight! Stay thirsty my friends"
"Battle boredom in the bedroom - try playful new approaches to sex."
"#fiftyshades and The Lorax both on bestsellers list. Yay?"
"Congratulations on the hiring of Jeff Winzeler as your new #CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3"
"I love my #mac because I just installed a printer wirelessly and then printed something. Just like that! No groaning, no restarting. BOOYA!"
"Nicely described...made my mouth water instantly..."
"Dwight drama is analogous to the decision by Lebron"
"math puts me to sleep."
"I feel like deleting all my family off fb, I can't say shit without getting in trouble"
"Oh thank u (:"
"Apple needs testers for the iPad with a built in camera. So logically, they've reached out to only my most obscure friends."
"FUNNY but TRUE!!!"
"I'm a beast with a golf club."
"I Notice A Lot Of People Like Their Chicken Fried Hard (PAUSE)"
"Scheduling classes for next year first period"
"RT : Anybody watching American Dad if they got married n 1996 the girl n college she only 16"
"I live in LA, but a canuck indeed, born in Montreal."
"i know and care nothing for football. but, from what i surmise:"
"Love it! I need my Connie Britton fix every week. Dani and I both have a huge crush on her."
"Sometimes it's hard managing family time n a career but if u love something there's always sacrifices to be made.R u man enough to make them"
"Fenty took office in 2007; last new thing for Ward 8 was in 2001. 3.5 yrs later, new schools, stores, and libraries built + MORE TO COME!."
"I love how the web will automatically take out any double spaces in content. Good time saver!"
"Let's make it two nights in a row--Weeeeezer!"
"she's in heat wheat"
"What are u gorgeous girls referring to? Btw, is the recent pic by Drew of TL? lol"
"Go Dawgs!!!RT : And we have a tip. Let's go Dawgs!"
"Debating if I should call. Maybe you just don't care, hm."
"almost a health IT \"Who's on First\" joke."
"hey how was your week in Sweden? :) did u get good food? :P haha please follow me! <3 much loves"
"“: Hmm thinking about buying season tickets this year.” duh"
"\"I've been in more laps than a napkin.\" - Mae West"
"Cookie, you're so hilarious..DSC on san diego jack! love your show."
"(Learning Is Fun!)"
"Joe have a great new year!!!"
"Good Morning Cher !!"
"#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Snow White and seven Titties"
"Oh make this headache go away!"
"Follow me back ppl ! Thanxx"
"knows what i'm talking about. Hahaha."
"I gave +K about Social Media on"
"La Fitness is NOT open yet... but soon. Still don't have their Cert of Occupancy. Hopefully later today or tomorrow. Post to come soon..."
"You obviously still like him if you talk to him still."
"Was up fam, you got a show the 23rd in sf? lets film something epic #followback #dm me i still got yo contact!"
"New York I'm leaving you in March"
"Yep Mujica is terrible"
"It's entertaining when someone tries to insult you and only ends up looking foolish. Some people are so hateful."
"and who's cooler than al bundy?"
": outpouring of support from #RVA community was key and social media helped fuel the fire"
"why aren't you?"
"yes you did"
"Oh...that wasn't the intention of the response. I was more \"SOB\"ing myself for screwing up the Twitter humor."
"epitomy of real music, love him forever"
"Just because he played against him doesn't mean he's not boosting, though. It's nit-picking a top talent who deserves better."
"WHOOP WHOOP AWSOME ED AND TAYLOR WORKING TOGETHER."
"hey twitter"
"not yet, dunny...but will look for it"
"my pleasure doc! #ISendUDo 👈👏💪👊💢😃..i know how much U fellas HEART chest work.so today was a happy day!!"
"working on another bird drawing! see what I have so far www.shadowglacier.etsy.com"
"scratch that. No spots:(:("
"I need an affordable email list for retailers who need business loans"
"Just got my shooting schedule for our reality show for this week! Looking forward to filming with my girls:)"
"LoL I don't play with substitutes. :x"
"~heard from the espn announcers that Batum was taken to a local hospital. please tell me they did not take him to grady."
"Sorry, you CANNOT put Mo ahead of #MickeyMantle. You never saw him. I did. Jeter, you have an argument."
"3 words- Yes-No-Maybe"
"Interesting site: Artilinki is a art community website for art professionnals. Join at : www.artilinki.com via"
"thanks for the follow! One Love. P.R.P."
"Hope you choke on whatever you eating. lol."
": 5 Guys has opened here in #Milwaukee! Sweet! - I'll see your 5 guys and raise you an - now these are some burgers."
"LOL is this an insult?"
"Gasol tall ass needs to fucking wake up or sit down!!!"
"The art of government is the organization of idolatry."
"RT\": Just renewed my subscription to \"Jorts Illustrated.\"\""
"tryna cut deals out here - getting destroyed. NYC's cool tho, u gotta get me tix next year for your MSG game. how's the stroke?"
"As long as you're across the street, we hope we're BOTH here forever!"
"its all good....its on now...."
"Why do everybody want to play mind games? smh"
"right on brother!"
"good evening :)"
"DAR WILLIAMS & JOAN OSBORNE - Tuesday, September 27 @ Turner Hall Ballroom - 7:00PM DOORS - Tickets on-sale 7/29"
"Cotto Mayweather fight at my brother's house. Happy Cinco!!!"
"sweet! just bought the adsit/jet show only. may play the other shows by ear as it gets closer.sorta wanna c janeane garafolo"
"YOU rocked! Nice meeting you ❤❤❤"
"I feel like flying"
"he a senior?"
"Hey Macon, GA we hope that y'all will be swimming in \"The Ocean\" at our show and tying yourselves down to the \"Whipping Post\". Should be fun"
"Are legal considerations undermining efforts to improve collaboration, communication and openness?Is it standard practice these days to r..."
"Jk I have to give it back to"
"Hello Dallas :)"
"Can the entire cast of The Glee Project 2 (minus the girl in the wheel chair) be in the show? They are all amazing!"
"Trying to change my background image and getting 500 server error. Anyone else seeing this?"
"Omg I almost hit this bitch wtf"
"This rain storm :)"
"Kindness can become its own motive. We are made kind by being kind. -Eric Hoffer"
"haha I look forward to seeing you guys in no pants with beer in hand. Notify me time/place and I will be there to marvel"
"Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!47"
"T.S.G.M.L coming soon"
"next weekend my friend, will i see you then? I would love to meet up."
"yup :D"
"Is there footage of this spitting online?"
"The Giant Mechanical Man opens A romance develops between Janice, a woman in her 30's who has yet to learn how to navigate adulthood, and"
"Great conference. Thanks you carry the progressive flag well."
"I feel you lady, I have concluded that spirituality is linked to God and religion is linked to man."
"Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage. - Ambrose Bierce"
"I try to be a good older sister and give my little brothers the best advice so they won't get hurt by girls in life, but they never listen"
"hahaha you guys would mention him, now he might read this :P"
"Yup, shot the whole thing on that puppy"
"woodland hills brutha..."
"lmao! It's very real. Feel bad for the dude too. Cats is willing to wait hours to NOT get cut by you! Lol"
"Sometimes in my dreams I get bored and go to sleep."
"Off to school but all I want to do is listen to 1D"
"That is good news!"
"Back at ya, Russ!"
"Your up too early, aren't you going to at least sleep in a little to start offseason? JK keep working hard have a good offseason!"
"RT : RT : Beautiful day in #BTV! Makes me excited for summer nights and lake swims, ,"
"I appreciate you! (:"
"it's like blippy but worse!"
"Funny Funny Funny Boy I Cant Stop Laughing"
"I'm pretty sure Tim has one from our Christmas present swap/fight thing we do. bought it :)"
"Excited to hear a lecture in \"Aesthetic Preference for Color\"!"
"I know im more of an xbox guy ..ps3 once in a while"
"If I think any harder, imma have a brain malfunction"
"Watch the special features. ; )"
"If you can't stand for something then lay down so people can walk all over you."
"going to a wedding."
"Eagles fly alone, but sheep flock together."
"I know , i love him so much ! ;o"
"and thank you holly craig"
"have an issue I would like to get your opinion on, if you have a 5 minutes at ASTD 2011 let's try to connect"
"Your worries and fears become your friends and they end up smilin' at you"
"Watching JUst for Laughs LMAO"
"I was fortunate to present the Lifetime Achievement Award to one of New Orleans' most masterful trombonists and educators, Milton Bush...."
"We ultimately rebel against those who demand of us. Rules actually fuel sin. 1 Cor 15:56 Grace breaks the cycle of sin. Rom 6:14"
"Thanks for the excellent shout out in your paper, Derek!"
"The things that we let come out our mouth.. Smh.. I'm for freedom of speech but dang...."
"At the fish party at SXSW."
"He doesn't play for us (Nielson and Kronberg are too good in front of him) but he kills at the U20 level, despite being only 18"
"Hey guys help out the school and post our videos on your facebook"
"Next Wed.: Come down to Patsy's Cowgirl Cafe at 6:30 -- am joining the lineup for Nancy Scott's monthly songwriter series!"
"Biggest Lie of all time. I have read terms and conditions."
"Doing your thing man, I see you!"
"Nothing like the combination of Caffeine and Gratitude in the morning. We have had the two best weeks in GRN's history."
"Sometimes you just keep talking til they say yes"
"We have any members of #YankeeNation on board with us???"
"So if a mirror-gazing dolphin is so smart why is there still spinach stuck in its teeth, huh?"
"There is nothing better than having a return cycle while giving plasma"
"but can you show me an example? or do we just have party talking points on both sides to try to manufacture a difference?"
"Who wants to go to the Pgh Blues Festival for FREE? DM me for more info!"
"that's cool, wish i could go 2 slam dunk...but i'm goin to warped this summer so i shouldnt complain."
"I'm jealous!"
"Look who I found on twitter My dad was just asking what happened to you. My whole family loved to watch you and your mama."
"I miss my BF most of all -second is hummus and candy breaks. Something I don't miss? My desk side weight gain"
"I've tried to like #GCB, support the locally inspired show, but I can't take a season 2. The script is just so bad..."
"Still up chillin .. What's poppin"
"because, you are you."
"Hi Dana!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!"
"Working on some of that home-made chili for tonight's freezer party. That's when you freeze your ASCII outside clearing the driveway of snow"
"HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to my fellow gamer mommys! we are the shit! n any1 else i missed"
"Good times tonight on The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz! Thanks to our guests & thanks for listening!"
"Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date."
"RSVP: Content House"
"finished coloring my issue of popeye... this thing is finally done."
",,YEAH Team Jesus was there,,i seen You in the spot,,,lets go"
"mom didn't wanna tell you.."
"Cruise Ship Jobs for Musicians, Bands, and other Performers! Not interested? Refer a friend for $$! www.MOneStudios.com"
"“: Congrats to for receiving a scholarship! #ScrippsBanquet” thanks :)"
"both are up there. Nod to the Clips for being on the road and down 24 with 8:00 to go?"
"Happy Late Tanning Mothers' Day. May your skin be doo-doo brown and feel like leather."
"the \"Thin\" briefcase?"
"and don't example me to your punk ass followers lol"
"fyi: the counts of #-done on checklists get all out of whack if you check then uncheck stuff (especially if done fast)"
"R you thinking what I'm thinking??"
"everytime I hear about this club, I get confused. I always associate \"Bunker\" with the label."
"Your heart has Been changed and erased"
"Anyone get the number of that bus?"
"is your hair really red ?"
"Congratulations, Carlos Kotkin, and kudos Echoplex for a good venue, great show"
"Twitter etiquette question: When is it okay to start talking about The Avengers movie?"
"Guys who just play with your heart and feelings... < < <"
"Getting ready for the holiday weekend...FREE beer with any Weber grill purchase. See store for details. While supplies last!"
"Sorry everyone, it's true, my twitter account was hacked. I'm changing my password."
"Rested after working at the market. Now at Now That's Class and then bela dubby to see some bands."
"Hanging out at the LMS and soc media session"
"Really ? #disappointed #onepercentambassador RT Kid Rock joins Mitt Romney in rally before Michigan primary"
"Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 47"
"love the dunkey monkey segment on Oreilly"
"Hopefully you didn't take a shot every time he said \"blessed\" you'd still be crawling around with a hangover."
"Thanks for RTs!"
"Today is the first day I have ever gotten ready before 7:00am. #Record ?"
"Walking around the house at night shirtless >>>"
"I'm sorry adele your overplayed and I don't care for you at all"
"2015 Super Bowl awarded to Arizona! Congrats!"
"Kimbo is garbage, should go back to youtube."
"That time of day again, work time!! Woo -_____-"
"Government is not reason, it is not eloquence - it is force. - George Washington"
"The Media? There must be a newspaper or TV reporter or enterprising blogger who could help..."
"When she's all you ever think about"
"moms been texting me that she has been reading on the porch everyday. Team mom is loving it."
"Somehow just when you think you couldnt get anymore frustrated with the Royals, they manage to push past that"
"Ima get myself some chips first >>>"
"That thing where you preface your computer. Internet mail allows you are comfortable with Windows 95."
"I have special needs 5 year old twins. so I never get to stay on twitter as long as I'd like. in fact, gotta run! :)"
"Did Des Cartes have it wrong when he said, \"I think, therefore I am\"? Try this, \"I am, therefore I (am able to) think.\""
"#stuffabus day 2 getting some Timmy Hos and listening to my good friend"
"John: \"Uhh did some one put a pencil in this grape?\" (silence) Jack: \"Yep... that was me.\""
"Power is out for 3140 PGE customers in Hillsboro, stemming from a car accident. Driver had medical issue. Power expected back on by 12:30."
"how are yoou?"
"I dunno my costumes are pretty interesting RT : Be me for Halloween. People will find you more interesting."
"SNOW - Christine Kelley Karel and Charles Karel are scheduled to shoot their scenes this coming week. It's their second project with us."
"Floor-Licking Related Poisoning or Transient Global Amnesia? Which would you prefer?"
"I'm hunting wabbits!"
"I haven't seen Avengers. But my friend said she loved it. I've been cooped up in my studio trying to finish my paintings :("
"Out w/ friends post Alvin Ailey American Dance Theatre. We all agree- if u don't love black people after seeing Alvin Ailey, u nevuh will!!"
"Thank you for following back! Glad you liked Tucson! What brought you to town?"
"#IfItWasUpToMe I would see you everyday ❤"
"sad I missed me some mishegas last night."
"You're awesome! Thanks for the #ff (and for providing more Scramble entertainment!)"
"Deliberate in counsel, prompt in action. 考慮は慎重に行動は敏速に"
"Stayed up late studying loving the sleep now tho :D"
"Excited to join and looking forward to attending some events and getting to learn more about the advertising industry!"
"Morgans got a foot fetish"
"Follow us on Twitter!"
"Yes we are! :) Lots of fabulous women here!"
"I love technology :)"
"I'm going with: Rock, Undertaker, CM Punk... you?"
"I'm glad you and the kids are enjoying it. She's such a sweet mama, flying off when I come up to take pics."
"Dont like this feeling"
"Today is a great day!"
"Teacher: \"what's your biggest dream?\" Me: \"hold the mahoneconda\" Teacher: \".....\" Me: \".....\" Teacher: \"what\" Me: \"what\""
"The Ozone needs to stop with those cookies."
"thanks for a wonderful SXSW! I enjoyed the opportunity to be a part of it."
"I just don't know if I really wanna keep it or not"
"I don't regret the things I've done, i regret the things i didn't do when i had the chance"
"I wouldn't mind camping out at school the night before our last day."
"From #PlatonicGirlfriend : \"JOSS WHEDON SHOULD DIRECT EVERYTHING.\" I fully agree."
"Yes, yes. I know. I'll add more carbs in later. Right now keeping it low. Maybe another week or so."
"Beginning to work on Edison Field baseball- home of the Angels. It is a beautiful park- just started to paint the front gate."
"I yelled Wine! Is that close enough!! haha Yayyyy! Its 5 'o-clock so keep pouring until my glass overflows!"
"play me some and i'll get naked whether you like it or not"
"Let's all hope the OKC/Lakers series goes to 7 and OKC wins so they're real tired in the WCF."
"Well I'm tired but I'm going to stay up:))) did so much today...uhh"
"I will feed it to u I don't even know y I'm tweeting u bec u will never tweet me back and if u do u won't have a full convo"
"What's the matter Ruth?"
"a roomful of people with up on every screen - yep, this is a social crowd"
"We need to know your favorite US record stores!"
"I guess since my #roommate is in the #bathroom, I'm having #cheesecake before"
"FAST LIFE"
"Expozure Atl is back and presenting the first exclusive digital fashion show/ networking event"
"traveling in severe weather conditions. Hope all is well on ur side of the world."
"Thank u baby!;) RT there r those sexy legs m"
"I def agree. Ive had runners who are otherwise starch free set personal bests by only taking 60g maltodextrin 1 hour b4 race"
"True very true. But sometimes it just hits you at random moment. Plus, I never really came to terms with it yet."
"you could totally tiptoe through those puppies."
"I know. It's too ridiculous to be true, but unfortunately it is."
"Do you think a man of my strength could hit one out of AutoZone Park? Soft toss, wooden bat"
"bruh I heard a rumor you died! Was that a lie?"
"Why give a fuck if a motherf****dnt give fuck about u"
"One big difference when you have a girl in the band: our van smells way better than your van."
"I plan on it. u wanna babysit, lol"
"Denial is not a river in Egypt."
"There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you."
"current travel music: The Egyptian Lover. current travel snack: Jaymz' wasabe and mustard pumpkin seeds."
"Is the art of a simple \"Thank you\" lost?"
"This weekends WINNERS - Patriots, Saints, Texans & Packers. I'll be eating some Wings tonight!"
"What to do tonight....."
"....well that was a wild few weeks. Farwell holiday season -- it's me not you -- but it's over."
"Noone can be anywhere as cool as my bestfriend"
"its not that big of a deal people. guarntee if it was a school board members son or daughter they wouldnt think twice about it"
"Cooling with working on new projects for 2012 ... Shout out to , let's make it happen"
"Christmas is all about depressing songs and stories! ;p"
"“: Sorry! Can't hold it in. Gotta same something about Tebow on Religion RIGHT NOW.” did some ask u for ur criticizing words?"
"Jes!! RT By now everyone has heard about the Tupac hologram... What's next? Hector Lavoe, Tito Puente & Celia Cruz!"
"At the recruiters office with my babe I'm be so sad when he leaves July 3 :(("
"Rockets have thrown in the towel."
"Happens to me all the time, but then i reply with : \"Go call yo' mama if ya have nothin to do"
"oh ok lol I was gonna say u keeping secrets now"
"Getting ready to run The Peachtree Road Race 10K. Awesome"
"I want Brown not white"
"RT :Mayra Cansigno everybody loves you and wants you to have a wonderful birthday including me!"
"I am sitting on the patio enjoying bellinis, what is your favorite patio wine?"
"Lord please help me to understand me"
"Smoking blunts talking bout sex wit my sista..."
"No problem."
"its time to move on Eddy, it's time to move on! cc"
"\"A customer is our most important visitor. We are dependent on him. He is not an interruption in our work. He is the purpose of it.\""
"RT Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't. /via"
"I think rainy days automatically increase the level on the craz-o-meter for kids 6 and under."
"Idk why I feel so sad."
"follow back :)"
"I hope one of them works out for you! I have one pending with the Bureau of Land Management and am crossing my fingers."
"I like 's comment about providing value for readers."
"The crow discovers some panicled millet and flies rapidly in compliance with its discovery."
"ha ha"
"Wide awake and ready for a morning run! Let's go!"
"ThMorUKno: cprevtwts “Pythagoreans&Philo said all reality is ordered & expresses itself n patterns of 7” So, 7 days, Sabbath=cosmic order."
"Hope you're all having a wonderful Friday! Let us know if we can help with your ship-to-school needs"
"I always laugh at this 'retype your email address' thingie, when filling a form. I use linux, so I just select & click the sucker into place"
"yeah i am"
"never an X always a friend."
"When you're hot you're hot! Salsa chicken & rice w/steamed broccoli was a hit. Full tummy. Ah."
"haha that's so weird."
"Congratulation to \"Miami en escena\" The magazine online for the great nomination! Rosana Lopez Cubas you deserve it!"
"RT : RT Drink for a great cause! Stop by Thurs - Sat during happy hour for a Bee's Knees! Proceeds benefit"
"Happy Birthday dude."
"Miami doesn't even like the They've just got fans."
"our nurses, pharmd, etc do but not as much as physicians."
"Caked tonight now he pissin me off !"
"Good day with the 10th graders. They are really taking off with this PBL."
"Eat something girl! We don't want to leave you starving. :)"
"daytona testing ;) and clerc classic today, oh yeah that give me a good day!"
"get your ass back down here to drink Da'Tonsies"
"gorgeous picture, dance your butt off!"
"Bravo! Look forward to continued updates on said research."
"ps: Brooke likes you and your responses! Also, I just found out this is a 2 hour show......"
"Thanks for the re-tweet Robert. See you shortly at the ball field if the rain holds up."
"Pumped for Vosges chocolate!!!!!!!! SUP #Katrina Markoff"
"Great seeing and tonight at"
"SO APPARENTLY ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT IS COMING BACK"
"About to record our strings!!!! Been looking forward to this for a whole. So excited!!"
"We are thankful for you, your impact is vast and we hope you continue to see more awesomeness forever. You give us hope."
"Girl u crazy RT RT My ass> nicki mine"
"Ordered Chinese. Ah, I love food."
"San Antonio: Instant replay today. Next couple days, slight chance for an isol. shower. Windy W/E. Today: Partly to mostly cloudy, high 83."
"Congrats on the Cinema Journal piece. Just cracked open my copy and am excited to finally read this piece."
"Hm be productive or watch Netflixs for the rest of the day? #harddecision LOL"
"is cooking me dinner!"
"Cast of Pirates of the Caribbean won a fucking Grammy!"
"If it's possible for a football team to score negative points in a game, it's happening to the Broncos Sunday against the Steelers."
"Its gotta be yooooouuuu."
"Agreed! RT : Great chat tonight--thanks for all the good info for parents and students"
"Taylor Greene and Brooks Conrad. The Brewers' murderers row."
"RT : full from delicious food #iconG. Favorites: fried pork cutlet sliders, Uli's sausages & Nut n' Honey Cocktail"
"Suzie is so annoying"
"kyliegh!! <3 I miss you lady!"
"Yeah, that's what my feed is starting to look like."
"Albuquerque police haven't shot anyone in 3 months!!! They were shooting a person every month for last 20 months."
"i think your dice are hacked madam."
"sometime. I told her I will talk to her soon. But it wasnt a kind of joke for me.. u know. Well Im sry dinner is ready.."
"You'll notice that a turtle only makes progress when it sticks out its neck..."
"The #Ravens could take one of maybe 15 players in round one and I would be ok...Peter Konz is not one of them! Hurt to much."
"Thank you for the post!"
"Ah I miss you two so much!!"
"Thanks for the thanks. I didn't like reading it either, but felt even worse leaving it unaddressed."
"wanna swap? Haha:')"
"fuck that i love them but not that much, its all good"
"Anyone going to Memphis in May tomorrow?"
"Hey dude! How is the hangover from last night?"
"The older I get the more I respect and appreciate Cal Ripken. He is truly amazing for what he did."
"Hear, hear RT We are keeping Disco alive today for the Queen!"
"God 1st! Family 2nd! Money third!... period point blank!!"
"I could understand if Shabazz chose UCLA. It's a fractured program needing someone to be \"the man.\" Nobody's \"the man\" at UK."
"Hopefully I start school next week.. I can't take this shit any longer!!!"
"RT : RS Day wants to know: What's your fave record store of all time? Peaches, Sunrise Blvd., Ft. Laud., FL circa 1978"
"Ima spend the night at house tonight"
"this new??"
"I got fraped&my account is linked"
"And then Max said 'Be Still!' RIP Maurice Sendak."
"Currently seeking Outstanding Human Resource Generalist with retail experience in Dallas, TX & Oklahoma City, OK if you're that outstanding…"
"If you are following me and I'm not following back let me know so I can fix it...love you all :-)"
"Drawback of my new work-from-home status: buying my own coffee LIKE A SUCKER."
"11 days of school left omfg kill me now"
"Holy shit, so many good shows coming but I am most excited for this!"
"Goodnight everyone :)"
"I'll hit u up"
"just 3 folks away from 1000 people thinking i might be interesting..."
"All I know is gravity doesn't work that way"
"Student writes his BA paper in Word (student-use) and years later decides to publish it? I wonder if that counts."
"I think the dude who invented peach tea and Carmel apples has done me alot me good... I guess I'm a disciplined pot head"
"thanks Gerald!! Hope all is well!!:)"
"I am stoked over the NCAA Tournament. Memphis is my team, they play tomorrow night. Lately, the team has been playing with grit and fire."
"hey Austin i <3 u so very much & wish u and ur mom the best for the new year im sending videos to JB constantly lol hopefully he will c 1"
"it was informative discussion, would love to learn more about hesitation about Japanese pitchers"
"My Spanish teacher is Annoying Af!"
"my dad got his post season tickets on Friday we are pumped for the playoffs!!!"
"Yep, I'm talking about tech swagger (aka geek confidence)."
"I think you will like that movie"
"Sentimental Cider is burning in my BoHo Chic Warmer this morning. What's smelling up your house this morning?"
"Columbia tomorrow:)"
"my husband & my cousin is sleep . ugh he won't wrap his arm around me . lol."
"Listening to Peyton Manning's new #Bronco teammates talk about how excited they are with the signing is giving me goosebumps."
"Thanks JO!"
"Will you ask Bobby to tell Aiyegbusi thanks for getting my hat out of the trash after it mysteriously made it onto the field Sat"
"like the beer!"
"#replacebandnameswithpancakes \"Panic! at the Pancakes\""
"MTV'S Jam Of The Week: Aww Yeah \""
"drinking American coffee in a London mug while waiting to watch Germany play for third place in the world cup."
"what up"
"In the office fine tuning tomorrows upper body strength training workout for the Mens Basketball team. I LOVE putting my knowledge to use!!!"
"What the Haps on the Craps Otown,Is there anything good to listen to in the evening.. Cant Find Shit To Chill and Listen Too"
"Because of smartphones, I now spend twice as long in the bathroom. Going to the restroom has never been so awesome!"
"While My Guitar Gently Weeps..."
"Listening now - it's beautiful!"
"Back from #ArlingtonHouse Was an intimate tour. How do the Lees of VA not have an HBO show? Wish the furniture was still in the house :-("
"On the way to the airport, ready to be back in PDX. I will try to bring some weather with me."
"I've had \"We Are Young\" stuck in my head for two weeks now. Only the chorus, because you get to shout it."
"Thank you <333 RT : happy mothers day , enjoy your day . God Bless"
"Denver increased its bike lanes by 77 miles last year, says Mayor Hancock"
"Can you do us a favor and tag us in a status? We are trying to get more likes:). Thanks!"
"It 's Time To Move Your Money Now! The big banks are in the doghouse again. Over the last couple of years, there has been constant discus"
"nobody has been able to get a hold of tony for the past three hours.."
"#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1862, the Norfolk newspaper Day-Book expressed concern over the increased drinking habits of CSA officers..."
"There will be friendships lost this week. Haha. This is going to be the longest week ever. #Cats/Cards"
"per month!"
"No thanks needed ... you guys were awesome!"
"Survived all three days of the hunger games....aka"
"I'm realizing I have not nearly enough angry songs on iTunes"
"our natual element is water we have something in common i think faith is tryna tell us something (zendaya's line)"
"hah! That is super random. How you been?"
"temporary glitch on our online store. will be fixed asap!"
"#occupywallst spreads the world over! The US govt will eventually be forced to listen to the 99%!"
"Glee is doing WMYB tonight! Although I am disappointed they're not making a bigger production of it :( who's watching? -Caitlin xx"
"I need 2 more sag voucher to join the union"
"no chance in Dwight to Boson, but 3 first rounders in a loaded draft? Rondo will bring in some studs. Hibbert/Iguodola ?"
"If you live on or near Lake Dr step outside you door and cheer on all the amazing runners !"
"4 more days seniors!!"
"Thursday I'm grabbing modern warfare 3"
"Lesson of the day: Don't get a french manicure right before you cook for your dinner party."
"thanks for waiting until the scab is gone :)"
"just this week and next week. i can do this."
"unfortunately. and those... those legs!"
"> Any chance I run into a Matt Speigel at The Abbey tonight?"
"#RelationshipsShould be based on #Reality and not that fake #loviedovie shyt U see on t.v."
"If any followers on here are good at writing...Looking for someone to write a musician bio. Contact if interested."
"SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Family spokesman: Famed painter Thomas Kinkade dies at age 54 ."
"of course! We're offering a Crouching Tigers camp, PomPom Pandas (cheerleading) and Yogi Monkeys..in a variety of lengths!"
"Testers needed. If you are interested in providing feedback on the functionality of the HelpALibrarian service, please let me know."
"Is it true you never sleep?!"
"Went the Buddha bar last night. It was AWESOME. Lovin my killa villa babes!"
"I can't stand the lakers. Need OKC to destroy them!"
"She is beautiful, does she have a friend for me :)"
"If you drink bud light, you're a fucking pussy."
"And the fireworks have already started in the D-Sho."
"Have fun on your quest for world domination"
"aw lol. Okay!"
"Touchdown better and now the win..... GO GIANTS!!!!"
"Good luck to all the new and returning Cannonballers! 58 are registered. How many will make it to the starting line in Georgia?"
"Why does the post office close so early??! Now I can't send my late Cal Grant thing. Ugh. Fml. u_u"
"Fact: kids who live in Texas and walk home, also get suntanned :P"
"Couldn't agree more!"
"I am, i'm not even kidding I'll pay for the tattoo. I know pick whereever you want."
"Care about people's approval and you will be their prisoner."
"My third grade teacher, Mrs. Piispanen, changed my life when she decided that I was a good student. I believed her."
"CAN'T WAIT FOR PROM! <3"
"Only time women athletes get mentioned on sports media is when someone calls them a ho."
"Wanna win gift cards to your favorite retailers? Enter for a chance to win on our NEW \"GIVEAWAYS\" TAB (look to the left)."
"songwriter end recording artist in GH"
"has a new website.. and even tweetin the deets! Please follow us!"
"Good morning!"
"great talent, I think he would have been beside himself over our black president!"
"Good morning! Anyone else missing some NCAA #marchmadness?"
"This one's different."
"whoa. that's a helluva lot #totebags :)"
"My baby is coming thru!"
"Someone come visit me at Taco Bell :)"
"i suggest the Anchor Bar. Much tastier than Buffalo dick...."
"Discounts on amazing products just for being apart of Idaho! www.dell.com/idaho"
"I'll go for a picture next time ;)"
"Sup wit it man, getting ready to shoot you some trax to your dude BIG D, let us know what you think..Thanx man.. Orphanz™"
"Pocket listing in Tiburon coming soon for rent in Marin : $6,500 4bd with a pool. Email Darcy to schedule your sneak preview!"
"Halloween is around the corner. Plan an allergy-free party or partner with neighbors to offer allergy-free treats!"
"2 More Shopping Days until XMAS & it is all on SALE. We're stocked w/ gifts for everyone. Dbl Punch Drink is Egg Nog or Gingerbread Latte!"
"Dear Timothy, thanks for following!"
"stop omg"
"Overheard from run-of-the-mill cubicle dweller next to me: \"I don't get drunk; I get AWESOME.\" Pfff. You got no idea chief."
"Shucks! Is there a waiting list for bottles that go unclaimed and/or never picked up?"
"*correction: #WMATA web site."
"Join us 4 gr8 ongoing #wine ed today @ 12pm EDT. We're talking up the surprising diversity of #Chardonnay...don't miss!"
"Landing softly."
"I would love to do a shoot for your mag sometime"
"Scan of day's news reveals that Wild Turkey's tagline is 'Give em the Bird' Just might do that."
"Love #GCB on ABC! Texas to the T!!"
"Today is my Friday, so I wish everyone a WONDERFUL wkend! Mom and Dad should get here @ 8PM and the fun will begin!! Have a good one!"
"My hair is a huge mess right now :("
"When you feel good about yourself, others will feel good about you, too. I FEEL GOOD!!!"
"I'm a girls dream guy! Easter Sunday = sitting at local pub watching golf and baseball! Go"
"AMAZING AWESOMESAUCE SEASON FINALE!! CANT WAIT FOR S5. to the cast and crew of #castle thank you so much for your amazing work :D :D"
"Thursday night from 7-9pm see Ben Meade, a Professor of Film & Digital Media at KC’s Avila University, curate some local short films"
"my parents fought a lot, but back them most people ignored it. That discontent destroys the fabric of love."
"Watching Idol! When you think you are one-in-a-million you actually are but not necessarily \"the one.\" You are unique go be the best one!"
"Curbside call in and pick up at #wethepizza. Almost too easy? Nah."
"i grew up on fiona, would kill to see her...\"badge-wielding bastards\" hahaa well put"
"how 'bout you just get naked now..."
"sounds fun"
"What I learned about Disappointment in life's journey:\"Disappointment is just a distraction.Learn from it,Laugh at it & then Let it go!\""
"No unfortunately! I don't think there is a large enough alumni presence in"
"it's tough! I am now googling images of them all. I need to get out the house :/ is out on the town...."
"hmm well i haven't really moved all day so i fear doing strenuous activities may just kill me"
"I want to read the one that rules them all!"
"I wonder the same😜"
"#brokenhearted on KIIS FM!"
"Game on! Go get em"
"Kam Fong as Chin Ho. Yep, it's on right now. MeTV. Make it happen."
"don't forget to RSVP if you are coming tomorrow morning. www.socialmediabreakfastsandiego.ning.com"
"dude ik! But she's just jealous of you."
"i was shocked when i seen the picture of him smoking though."
"I havent givin up yet and i never will. im waiting for that special day when u finally notice me. :)"
"Thank you thank you thank you for helping pull that off! Amazing! Hope you and are having fun!"
"pfft. give him 2 optional weeks in december, he can run a sidewhow & see who shows up. give the spring week back to hamburg."
"nigga follow me :) hold up let me be nicer Will you please follow me Bailey?"
"Don't you dare! (RT) \"Trying to bring back 'kewl.'\""
"Im going to see a play in all ASL. I with you could go!! It's gonna be really cool to watch!!"
"BREAKING NEWS: Ex-Goldman op-ed writer Greg Smith to donate $1.5mil book & last 3 yrs of bonus+salary to US poverty reduction efforts."
"we need to get a Healthy Life Snack Rack behind the bar here for our customers... Snacks + Booze = Perfect Combination."
"I LOVE YOU BEBEEEE :D <3"
"Follow us on Twitter to get the latest news on how to treat your back and neck pain with the most minimally invasive answers."
"I just wanna know why its snowing considering it was 70 this week."
"Lol thank you! It was great meeting you! Please stay tuned for my music!;) Be blessed!"
"oh i thought it was the rays!! wtf!!"
"Shanks friend!"
"Quote of the night: \"Damn there's a lot if Cheetos on this stage.\" - Paco Chaos"
"I wish my library stocked what I watch. Even netflix's selection isn't too great on Indian movies."
"#BillyCrystal and #TomHanks are class acts. They started the #Oscars out right. #Hugo is 2 for 2. It has a nice lead on"
"Eat more garlic. Garlic’s anti-fungal properties are excellent for reducing fungal infections, such as yeast infections."
"Here s his twitter , I will check with him today on our timeline with you. Thanks for reaching out!"
"Sparkling/Glistening snowflakes."
"you fancy huh?"
"Me a month ago is not me a month from today."
"Insane robots and animals are gonna eat you!!! Old people crazy as hell"
"Stocks off to big start... Watch close today"
"hey! q tal?"
"'some'? I hear you...I'm sending a big dose of empathy across the pond! Pull the keyboard over that punch hole + enjoy your Sunday!"
"PB&J. Eat it every day for Lunch. Yum"
"RIP Donna Summer. That's sad. T_T"
"Now that Bin Laden is dead, can the TSA end the liquid paranoia?"
"I heard you were sick, feel better scrap:)"
"It's so good to be an adult."
"Thanks! Older, but um... wiser?"
"Wow that was pretty bad (Extremely loud &...). An incredibly annoying lead character, among other things. How did that get a best pic nod?"
"WHERES YOUR FOOD AL?"
"Glad to see the man behind the curtain."
"I want the WHOLE #LAKERSNATION to RT and follow me ONLY if you #TEAMlakers fuck all other teams. ill followback asap."
"Like, sorry that you had to read that"
"come by and say GO DUCKS. usually sit right behind the plate. See ya there"
"That timing thing is stupid in the NHL. It should be the same as basketball or football. Once it leaves your hands/stick...it's fair game."
"Maybe next year! I'm signing at FLA in Orlando, and doing a reading festival near there, and they both share TLA's dates"
"Salido vs Lopez... That was good fight."
"Reflected glory today for for Tracy K. Smith's poetry Pulitzer ... sweet."
"Team meeting tonight with our #powerbrothers otherwise known as the #Innercircle ..."
"\"Smoke it! RT: Why Be Sober And You Kan Be High Like Me\""
"Apparently Yellowbrickroad is streaming on Netflix! News to me!"
"Starting @ 7pm tonight follow #SUinNYC for a discussion about the Economy with grad & Former Sec. of Treasury John Snow"
"thank you"
"I know Nicki's barbz are very ill right now. Be at ease Barbz, I'm sure she'll return soon."
"\"\"Hard to think dancin under flasing lights\" lol thanks Alex for the song in my head :/"
"Time to get my groove on!!!"
"please follow me! #neversaynever :)"
"RT The Republican party has learned the lesson of Titanic, and so its motto is \"women and children last.\""
"I love you :) please follow me, it would mean the world to me !!"
"My #Spurs Play Tonight 👍❤"
"happy birthday! 🎉"
"My bathroom mirror is the gayest object in existence."
"Just finished outlining ch. 3. Will be #amwriting it later tonight. Busy family day first."
"Wednesday, do you want to do this the easy way, or the hard way?"
"OK dancing & terrific food. How come no one is posting any twitpics in stream - Don't let me down now!"
"Heading out, hittin' trails... should be nice and muddy!"
"Often we're like Max; we only want to hear someone say \"I would have done something about your pain.\" #NowWatching Where the Wild Things Are"
"Omg I Forgot to DM him, But If I Do I'll probly Fall Asleep On HIm,lol ;)."
"Haha. I didn't do it. I'm such a clown in school, I hardly do ANYTHING. Haha."
"\"Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable.\" - George Bernard Shaw"
"TWITTER THURSDAYS IS GOING TO BE CRAZY THIS WEEK DONT FORGET TO BE THERE FOR 50 CENT DRINKS & LADIES ARE FREE UNTIL 1030 ! GET THERE EARLY"
"Oh man, that's trouble for me to know! I go every Saturday already. :)"
"\"Owney, the famous dog which belongs to the postal clerks of America, and whose home is anywhere in the broad land, passed through the city\""
"Mixture Bar Miami tomorrow, 2 41 all night 5445 Collins ave. Miami Beach"
"Kevin Love. Love has more of a an offensive game and is just as good on D! RT better PF Love or Griffin?"
"The Wizards have the best uniforms in the league and also hold the least best record."
"Working Harder than the next man so the next man can't take my place!"
"that's exactly what I was thinking"
"It was straight."
"Tiblisi looks beautiful and very interesting, want to go back for a real visit."
"when will I see you at Happy Hour?"
"Writing grants gives me the munchies! I need to find a grant that funds our office snacks."
"more 1D pictures tomorrow to prove our love to ?"
"ha i know i saw y today toi"
"haha see..i only like the old one. If i like the original I don't like bands doing remakes. I'm THAT kinda person"
"This phone is about to have a serious accident .. Grrrr"
"living proof?"
"“ A #Leo will just want you, but wont need you because they can do it on their own.”"
"\"Like they say, if you're not paying for the product, you ARE the product.\" Mother Jones article comment on new Google privacy policy."
"When I tweet my self cause I have no friends. Wut."
"I was trying to get that bug off my screen! Very cool...I like it!"
"There is still time to resign your lease! Make sure to talk to the front desk or call 612-703-RENT"
"Big brotha u have to let the Treme writers know that they must mention the passing of Tim Smooth & Tre-8 in seas 3. GOD bless"
"Another productive day. A big thanks to for helping me get my act together!"
"just one it was 20 bucks but i got two gouramis and a bapa shark too and im gonna get some swordtails too"
"The show must go one B-)"
"Lmfao I posted one of my statuses on ur fb wall.. -_- so embarrassing!"
"Yeah ! I sent you what they said!"
"One more quick #FF to good peeps you should know & my wife"
"good for you! Happy for you"
"how many more followers until 400?? :) Xx"
"If you can't respect my grind then keep it pushing !"
"The happiest people in this world are those who have the most interesting thoughts. - William Lyon Phelps"
"May says take your meds, finish studying, but get some sleep...May says Good Luck too!"
"Thanks for this"
"Can't come up with your own tweets? You must be a real dumbell, plus you're heidious looking...eewww"
"what happened? :/"
"Through 35 games in their magical 2011 season, the #Brewers were 15-20. They won 96 games. It's so early people."
"Thats what his friends called him growing up. Inappropriate but not racist. RT : People who refer to President Obama as \"Bar"
"I'm still kinda amazed Arkansas fired Bobby. I thought for sure winning would trump in the SEC."
"My Mom's going to kill me when she sees the phone bill"
"Aye, breathing definitely helps! :P"
"oh my gosh,hi.We haven't talked in forever.I miss you replying to the dumb things I tweeted you c:"
"help me find out where he iss!! I want to meet him soo bad!! But it's so hard to stalk him!! Lmaoo"
"LOVE that book!"
"Got me a new haircut and highlight yesterday . Feels awesome after long thick hair. I'm a new woman! :)"
"If wins game 2, series goes to 15 minute minigame 3 immediately following."
"Homeland Security warned state police that a recent Al Qaeda newsletter suggests terrorists ought to start fires in the American Southwest."
"Toothache is gone. Temporarily. lol.. Damn, maybe one more vodka cranberry. ;)"
"Met Nancy Wilson (jazz Nancy W.) this weekend and watched her show . What a beautiful talented lady."
"13 hours of sleep later"
"We are gearing up for a group-wide tent sale...starting May 14! Stay tuned for more details!"
"hearts and thoughts they fade, fade away..."
"is it my lack of selfesteem?"
"Sad news about Junior Seau - If brain trauma is determined to be a factor, this could change the game of football as we know it"
"Watching enough.. Love this movie"
"Lmao! Why haven't they thought of that yet???"
"Starting radio show now! www.wvox.com"
"I do too u idiot , I mean temporarily hate everyone at the moment"
"Sunday scene... Slept in -> Breakfast treats -> back room blitz -> evening wind-down..."
"Kamara should have saved his public apology for tonight."
"HAPPY MONDAY!!!"
"donated to locks of love."
"this is the side scrolling game that became TMNT 2 on NES, right?"
"I need to be hookin up with more latino chicks."
"At chipotle. asks if they have horchata. Response: \"who?\" cc:"
"Savings Tip -Turn off the tap when brushing your teeth. Keeping it running can waste around 6 litres per minute"
"I just got owned on my hill run by a woman pushing a 3 year old in a stroller."
"Haters = Motivation"
"Got pulled over today.The nice officer said,\"Papers\". I yelled,\"Scissors, I win!\"For some reason, he made me get out & do some tests?!"
"I want to go to Chile...Like now."
"me too here in san antonio"
"Will you and your Dad start investing in Motion Pictures??..now would be a good time, since the Stock Market ready to Crash!"
"ProTools needs to be more user-friendly >:-{"
"French onion soup - Great Dane has the best in town - Bennie's at The Jet (also best in town)"
"1:25, just woke up... it's gonna be a good day."
"This guy at my school was scared because he had sex with a girl who has stds."
"I need a lady"
"you should write more articles about the Packers."
"Went to the #AppleStore to buy an Apple TV. Selected, bought, & paid for in 3 minutes flat... On a Saturday"
"I'm in a bad mood because I heard that song this morning....... -_-"
"I need coffee kahlua brownie ice cream"
"it's 4/20! Or, as I like to call it.... \"Friday\""
"Kylie Doniak serves a ball into the box. Kristin Cummins heads the ball straight into Tech's goal. Texas 1, Tech 0"
"for sure I'm doin workouts wit my guys Chris and Deon at la fitness next week prolly morning workouts"
"NBA draft night, and the Bucks are in the thick of the trade talks, I'm pumped!"
"Good luck to and reaching the final table of !"
"I'm speaking tomorrow at #TASAmw about #immigration information for school districts at 8:30AM in Room 18A. Come by & chat!"
"I interviewed the woman about the mistake the would-be carjackers made. Also talked to those visiting officers who chased after the men."
"txt me when your here!"
"Great Round Table event. We need to do more of these."
"it went great brother! I missed you, you sweet sweet man."
"you not grown lol take ya big head self to beeeedd"
"Hey twitter"
"Great to see you at STC today! Guess I'll be seeing you again before too long."
"We out here tryna Function"
"Hey Nick - Tell me why pops and your sis deserve 'em? James :)"
"Through all the tears shes crying she only wants you <3"
"Missed the bus..again"
"Lil man sleeping bout time !"
"I wonder who my students are thinking about as their political hero or hack for today. I predict at least one #stpattysday theme."
"CBS gave away a Denver game at the height of Tebow-mania? Someone's ass is going to get kicked there!"
"lmao challenge accepted"
"that one sided shit.. forget them"
"got nothing"
"Really? Shouldn't you be worried about CL qualification on the 20th, Bayern, FUCK YES!"
"Watch your thoughts: They become your words. Watch your words: They become your actions. Watch your actions: They become your habits."
"fuck that heart"
"Hello November!"
"I wish friends were money so you could hold them up to the light and see which ones fake and which ones real"
"hopefully reflections."
"Tweet me once you sign up 1 lucky random sign up will win up to 1800 backlinks"
"Most of the YA books I've read for class have been about 250-400 pages a piece. Depending on the genre."
"So. I got yelled at for being by the windows and the door. But I did manage to get a glimpse of POTUS' motorcade as it passed by. Success!"
"Smokers are stinky."
"This Tom Morello solo project is terrible, but I kind of love it. He sounds exactly like Leonard Cohen."
"When people realized they were being screwed on taxes a couple of years ago, we threw the mayor out on the street."
"I'm going to make better decisions tomorrow."
"is getting it done across the board in every sport."
"Hanging with finest manny montiel"
"I wish I could straighten my hair more often. People tell me I look like a celebrity (not sure what that means) or a child (compliment?)."
"Uuuhhh..... Why was my News Feed back in October 24th? How does that happen???"
"May the 4th be with you too, Andy!"
"Thanks for the retweet!"
"At for a drink. Already disappointed that \"bartender\" read menu to make drink & no hand washing bf touching things in drink."
"This exactly why I don't like riding wit other ppl. Da night is young & Ray lame ass ready to call it a night"
"I Got an extra for ya, find me befor class. I'm in the library first floor right now"
"Excited about baseball for one main reason.. oh you know"
"how come none of the services I use on my page seem to be updating? Some haven't updated in months? :("
"Have I missed a skype call?"
"haha no, I'm not a big drinker. My best friends just got home this week from college. So we all get to hang out tonight!"
"I'm glad you're back!"
"Absolutely. I'm looking forward to the symposium."
"follow back ?"
"You have a nice smile, I like yo haaaiir hahahaha"
"There is absolutely no excuse to still be playing at the Rave, or going there. Ever. No exceptions."
"Woke up super blissed out this morning"
"Philly got a squad tho"
"well this kinda ruins our plans to move into our own flat in London. I kinda needed a roommate"
"#music PC is writing some more today"
"PhillyTweeps: Today's the LAST DAY to check out the Henry Ossawa Tanner exhibit at PA Academy of Fine Arts Broad & Cherry Streets. 5pm close"
"Good morning everyone! :D"
"Buy Camtasia; it's designed that way."
"Happy Friday the 13th 😱👽👻"
"I have never listened to Emarosa much >.<"
"I'm just surprised that M:I 4 beat out Sherlock!"
"re: Jack DeJohnette & Newport...wow. Those were the days!"
"cool but, I'm not sure if I'll still be up. That's about y bedtime lol"
"What would you like me to post? I work in commercial real estate, passionate about the tech scene, and love Baltimore. So how can I help?"
"dang bro!! Well ima be at grace until 3:30 tomorrow"
"fall is the new summer."
"Yeah, I have the droid, it's going to be hard to work the UnGoogle on that one. Sigh."
"I dont wanna spend a day sober I wanna feel numb all over"
"Love the NFL safety evolution commercial. Can anybody say...lawsuit pending?"
"I would say someone text me but I only want you to text me."
"I'll pretend you're in North Korea - “: Excited to watch 30 Rock Live show tonight. Writers and cast skillz on full display.”"
"ur Tweets R so boring, gotta drop u immediately !"
"yeah right, as if that hasn't happened to you before!"
"You cool, went to SC; me hot, went to UCLA. Oil and vinegar. LOL"
"I Know For Sure Is Going On This MB Poster"
"Love is hugging. Love is kissing. Love is saying no sometimes."
"I wish twitter would let you know who unfollowed you!"
"Receive a complementary birthday facial on your birthday for following us on Twitter! Yay!"
"No I don't think that's why they call it window pane."
"Sending love and prayers your way today! Miss u."
"I want to see a movie. What should I see. Hm. Well, I guess I'll just wait for my friend Mike to call and invite me to Horrible Bosses."
"Just sent it ."
"“: \"You never know if those guys could be lesbians or not.\" - ” -"
"So much #fuckery is going on."
"RT \"If something is not happening for you, it doesn't mean it's never going to happen. It means you're not ready for it!\""
"I'm up earlier actually but don't hop on the webs till a bit later ;)"
"I think the performance group is looking for publicity in all the wrong places"
"I love you and all but sit yo ass down! Lmfao"
"How do you know they don't?"
"I shall adopt new views as fast as they shall appear to be true views. -Abraham Lincoln"
"Cookout time"
"but its getting there, I have been meaning to update the FB page.. but don't worry, its on my TO-DO list! lol"
"where you live?"
"Last name Bag, first name Douche."
"Me: omfg I'm gonna cry. Mom: why Me: reasons."
"I heart you too,(:"
"hahaa not even the whole afternoon.... Say 45 minutes- hour tops."
"Right, and in the intervening period, I moved to NYC."
"Hi Judy I bet you're pretty busy right now. Keep rocking!"
"Are fricken kidding me?!Omg I'm soo sorry if you got anything from me,I'm so sorry,I got hacked."
"seems to be so appreciative of his fans. Really makes me hope all the best for him in this world! keepin it real!"
"Side Show Radio w/Danny13 on Rock103 starts now, we're gonna be on the show doing an interview, check it out!"
"Pushing your kids in a stroller 4 seats wide is the equivalent of setting up a blanket fort in the aisle of a movie theater."
"you've never even been here before! the rain really isn't too bad."
"He Won't Let You Down - “: What gospel song brigthens your day when you are feeling a little down? (RT)”"
"Yo prob eating sushi at this point. I'm here til 7p with your tix!"
"The one kiss ~ That I still miss ~ Rests tantalizingly ~ there ~ On your cherry red lips"
"Glad you liked the write up at on - it is a really great idea!"
"Every day we make the decision through our action or inaction to protect our children or allow others to do irreparable harm."
"Watching big Stan 😜"
"Well, now, that is just cool! Congratulations."
"I think a lot of people didn't get the memo that it's Friday afternoon. Jeez. Ok, good times today. Let's get on with the weekend. Go Jets!"
"where do you watch him pitch at?"
"the way #LFC fans treat King Kenny reminds me of North Korea and Kim Il-Sung"
"Good morning May you have a delicious day."
"Yeah! Watching DVR, a little behind you. But yeah! RT:\": Oh damn. #scandal\""
"want to do a show in Tampa/St Pete?"
"When are you coming to South Beach dude?"
"I did mine too!!!!"
"Who was the first actor or actress to win back-to-back Academy Awards for performance? Answer to win a FREE Seminar! Please RT!"
"#sca2012 SF Muni Archive planning to put its HistoryPin content on bus shelter photos to garner publicity and draw taggers."
"RT : Yeah, I'm pretty damn proud, of where I come from. -Montgomery Gentry"
"I really enjoyed your article on A Wine Pilgrim's Progress!"
"If that woulda made it -_-"
"it was a video that a friend made when his grandson was born, super sweet! And yes, the crying was cathartic. :"
"Rod Blagojevich off to prison and still claiming that he believed his actions were legal. YOLO"
"Whoa, that's not good! so miss the smell of pinon-here in Nanjing it's"
"Hi Denise! :D"
"the first one... It has vanilla ice in it lmao"
"I'm going there in an hour or so..."
"I think this is going to be a battle of the bullpens."
"i remember when & TX would play KU.man you were so good, at least 30 pts both times. had to battle back hard, KU on top :) ha"
"Austin u don't play temple run Omg!"
"I'm not saying I'm the best but I promise with the right tools ill be one of the greatest! Let's get it! God bless"
"good fantasy landing spot in IND, early sleeper “: With 5th round pick, #170, the get Mississippi State RB Vick Ballard.”"
"LMAO brother. Just got back from Vegas so hit me up this wknd when you can talk"
"When we fight <<<<"
"1 year and 9 months with him"
"Oh thank goodness! Saints"
"Thank you so much! Wish I had had a chance to chat with you! RT : great job today. Thank you."
"FEEL BETTER AUSTIN :D You'll be ALRIGHT"
"Hi Christine! Happy to see you here in the twittersphere."
"We are now looking for summer social media interns! Follow and send your resume to ."
"and were did you get that i didnt love yall? Lol"
"From the Mind of Robert H. Clarke opens Friday, July 30 from 5:30 - 7:00 p.m. Free and open to the public!"
"WILL YOU HUG ME THEN <3"
"Where in the world in Hot Chocolate? Keep an eye for her soon!"
"Thanks for the chat and the info"
"there's a Vietnamese restaraunt over on 3rd st that will take it, I'm sure. Lol. That's so wrong!"
"Thanks for the RT! Hope you have a great weekend."
"yeah that was crazy! I was talking about this picture someone posted of what looked that a dead bloody Justin :("
"we are grassroots organization dedicated to the empowerment of regular people from our neighborhoods in the city of pittsburgh"
"People still talking about Carmelo Anthony's playoff record in the ultimate TEAM SPORT? C'mon..."
"Do you find it more difficult to hypnotize a close-friend or relative in comparison to a new acquaintance or stranger?"
"now following because of Rahim<3"
"thank you "
"visited my doctor 2day :)... haven't seen him 4 a time!"
"It seems like niggas get older and begin to like them younger but i get older and like them older, who wants a young damb ass female"
"Thanks for the follow Look forward to reading your work If I had some way to be doing 2 or 3 things at once I'd read more"
"thanks for checking in with us over the weekend! We hope you enjoyed your stay!"
".randomass #'s calling me."
"Whatsup ? I think it's time to go to work partna!"
"Let's start subtweeting. Go!"
"Forgetting what lies behind I press on... May I be forgetful and able to focus on today!"
"Hi...are you creating a directory?"
"apparently you've died multiple times."
"\"WPT Vienna offered the biggest World Poker Tour event in history and ... for the win\"-- i think you meant \"biggest outside US\""
"Or rather, a rising tide of OOP engineers and cultural context making an idea like O even conprehensible to significant audience."
"o you want to learn how to make Artisan Bread in your own home? Artisan Bread Workshop on Saturday, June 18 @ 10:30am"
"Wrong on levels that have yet to be discovered yet"
"\": 3 kids birthday parties in the next 5 hours. And go\" god have mercy on your soul."
"Thanks dog -.- I worked hard to get this :/ RT : A skinny guy with a 6 pack is like a fat chick with tits. It doesn't count."
"ideally, you should stretch before and after each workout. if you can't do both, then make the after stretching a priority"
"ru and the Donald still talking ? Exchanging gifts this year? What is is hair like after a shower?"
"I'm probably just the decoy. :)"
"I had no idea what Temple Run was til you posted this man. Now I'm hooked. 208,098 That's all I got so far..."
"Didn't win the lottery...another day of work. Oh well...life is still grand!"
"What have you been able to create in your life?"
"well I'm impressed already. ;)"
"A very Happy Birthday to ! Hope it's been a great one."
"Ah no rooms at the Isle. But plenty of hotels in surrounding area! Shouldn't be a problem!"
"I caught a quick glimpse of this earlier on my FB feed & RIGHT AWAY thought \"whoa, looks JUST LIKE KIRSTEN DUNST!\" didn't ..."
"I think is probably available."
"Happy birthday to my man !!"
"What you are is what you have been. What you�ll be is what you do now."
"that would be fast! :) but no, haven't seen any of that yet"
"Thank you to all our new followers!!! <3"
"\"I thought they killed Osama Bin Laden.\" - Nyles. You don't want to know what he was referring to."
"cant burry your head in the sand and act like bad things dont happen ALL ur life UNFORTUNATELY bad stuff happens"
"On this warm windy day a Egg Salad sandwich with a cup of Gypsy Vegetable and a Blueberry Rooibos iced tea would hit the spot."
"no I saw one of your tweets to Dahvie a day or two after the show and started following you. :-) I was at the show withmy m ..."
"lol, my son plays at 4... Will you be at free state?"
"I forgive you."
"NP ;) RT Thank you to for yummy delivery breakfast!"
"Your work does that!"
"How dare you say that and mention him in it #NoLove smh yhu gtta learn to not hate so much smh lol"
"What are the chances this backyard treasure hunt actually turns up anything related to the Gardner Museum heist? I say less than 1%."
"no doubt!"
"I read that today about Facebook passwords! Crazy!"
"#WHSummit at great discussion on healthy food financing. Let's Move! - Farm Bill - SNAP - community development."
"You know that was user-error."
"Back to #MaryWashington for my last undergraduate semester... kind of surreal."
"Is it terrible that I'm 30 and I still look at some people and think,\"I wanna shake the shit outta you, betch!\"??? Gah! Phony hoes..."
"trying to figure out skype or whatever the f its called"
"I love u darling:-)"
"Explain why"
"Where's the poor people section in whole foods?"
"Been writing tons of new songs too :)"
"yeah my bad forgot to mention you"
"I think I've figured out this #bliss thing that #hippies talk about: waking up totally not hungover after drinking all night. Am I right?"
"Jesus, NO!"
"Wish I was in Knoxville for tonight"
"If you're nursing, you will generally get one volcanic poop diaper every day or two, the rest just wet."
"lol I like a lot of Adidas' non-sports designs. though. Grew up wearing the classic shell-toes"
"haha not sure why that is, and it's been that way for a few months."
"Step into my shoes and I promise you'd be laughing, too."
"Hi Im GORGEOUS GIRL"
"New Featured Bit is now up! \"Shats R Us\" Hear it at www.freekshowradio.com"
"iam 25 and my work is a translation language and travel to different country But I don't. Work for company's. I free of that! U?"
"Q1 - feeling guilty with not having enough time to spend with them?"
"Rt: follow + a music artist + dancer from the uk and gain followers fast (: x #teamfollowback RT"
"No!! RT : Hey Portland, OR is it snowing like the weathermen say?"
"never texted me back da other day o_x"
"Chick-fil-a chicken on steroids"
"he's Also ridiculously good at picking his spots to make throws into tight coverage."
"Sun + temporary tattoo left a brand on the back of my neck. Coworkers pointed it out to me today. SO CLASSY."
". I'm laying on the floor...........now you know damn well that you don't give a shit."
"#HealthTip Load up on Vitamin C and Quercitin for about a month prior to allergy season - both are natural antihistamines"
"Painful? RT: : nothin like that just waxed armpit feeling"
"Aww I'm sorry!"
"Early morning sun over this city.....(sigh)."
"I wish my shift was as fast as my break 😢"
"You're the sweetest!"
"only one side... My side..."
"I choose to live by choice and not by chance. to make changes, not excuses; to excel, not compete. I choose self-esteem, not self-pity."
"Father God, Thank You for setting me free and aligning me to walk in victory in every area of my life in Jesus’ name. Amen!"
"Lions Tap lives up to expectations!"
"Check out for an important message. Might be new but lots of potential I think!"
"Random thought… have you thought about Brewer's Hill at all? Might be right up your alley."
"Setting up a screening for Billy's Cult, any suggestions of places to host it? We want somewhere local and able to seat 100-200 people"
"Check your local laws and start enforcing violations, the patrol bike works great"
"he's like a walking strap on that even a Grandmother could love"
"Today's going good, ready for tonight! :)"
"seriously jealous you got to go to Ricobene's!"
"Always a pawsure!! RT : Thanks to our favorite party animals!!"
"hey I dropped a question on the FB page for Moves Count. No answer. How can I get an answer?"
"OR Books \"handselling on the Internet.\""
"And ....... S/O to Gotye for sounding exactly like your album ...YOU ARE AMAZING"
"RT Did you know is in the top 10 US Yelp Restaurants & the only one in SD!"
"Have to give it up for the VERY impressive supporting cast in #Wanderlust. Surprised at how often and hard they made me laugh last night:)"
"hey, u get my msg on FB? wanted to see if i could do time at the comedy store, landeau referred me to u"
"I am missing you! RT “: I am thriving at cafe gratitude by myself :[”"
"you here tomorrow? don't be a stranger!"
"Am I annoying? Sorry, I just REALLY want to go :("
"March is here, which means the first day of Spring is drawing near. Have you started wearing your Spring makeup colors yet?"
"\"airports are not fun.\" —David Foster Wallace, \"Westward the Course of Empire Takes Its Way\""
"In the car with 30 min from I can smell the Presbyterian air."
"LinkedIn is now recommending events on the basis of the events your network is attending."
"A daily struggle for me is not pressing the \"buy now\" button on awesome travel and adventure deals, especially in the springtime!"
"Found the session on Lib Advocacy this morning engaging and interactive. Inspired to \"speak out\" on behalf of libraries everywhere!"
"Oh how cool! Not off the top of my head, but I'll tweet it out. :)"
"#MARCHMADNESS NCAA come hang with us!"
"Who wants to get drunk and watch Titanic in 3D with me? Then again, who just wants to get drunk?"
"Congrats! That's awesome!"
"When sleeping in = waking up at 9.30am"
"Bills just signed Mario Williams. With him and Kyle Williams I am foreseeing a lot of QB pressure this coming season."
"users is actually as cute as they appear"
"woow... why I have to ruin everything? God !! I hate myself .-."
"Taking time to show love pray, talk, and enjoy our togetherness is the highlight of Thanksgiving. The food is an added blessing. Enjoy!"
"Congratulations Miss Wisconsin for winning Miss America!!!!"
"I know 😓After tweeting it I realized what I said"
"In other news, I'm mucho looking forward to #TxLA12 tomorrow. Who am I hugging in the exhibit hall? I'm taking numbers."
"RT : How to be followed by me ? 1) Retweet this 2) Follow 3) tweet me"
"So true. LOL"
"not in hadoop but hive and hbase are going somewhat in that direction"
"Got a cool, new video to show in a bit. It's rendering presently, and then I need to upload it to youtube. Stay tuned."
"Black Keys enter to Wu Tang Clan. Quality."
"to I'm tryin to learn twitter lol this is from my phone hit me up so I know u got this"
"cannot wait to have a boyfriend with whom i can wear matching aviators."
"It's National Golf Day. Fun Fact: The chances of making two holes-in-one in a round of golf are one in 67 million! Good luck on the green:)"
"Networking with at Lester's!"
"I told them I'd call Whirlpool to report and he said he'd \"see what he can do\", I wanted to reach out before he walks out."
"We really appreciate the many businesses, venues, and artists we get to work with everyday!"
"I would tweet you all the time. 😏"
"Join the many that want to improve Georgetown's Technology...more information and Blog coming soon"
"& debating the best spot to buy buttplugs in LA"
"April is Friends of Trees month at the Timbers team store at Jeld-Wen. TY ! Stop on by and donate to help plant trees!"
"LMAO I hate when people say that... Like Tf?"
"Just 2 candidates for Master of Arts in Religion. Epic high five in front of everyone."
"is having several sneak peeks of the movie across the country. Check our facebooks for details. Free tickets involved!"
"I will watch How I Met Your Mother. All Night. And Alone. I just wish I had a boyfriend to cuddle with."
"Subscribe to GraceAndChristine on YouTube!! If you do I'll give you a shout out!!! It's my little sister!!"
"#EMPIRE TONITE EACH AND EVERY SATURDAY GOIN HAM !!!! DA MOB BE ON POINT, 5 STAR ON PIONT!!»"
"Welcome back Corina (Mendoza) Trommer, who returned to NTH as a Project Engineer, reporting to Mark Young in Northville!"
"What feeling? RT : I'm fucking sick of this feeling."
"I agree. But for me, I am trying gain a little insight to which is performing better? Any suggestions?"
"It weirds me out when my bestfriend says intelligent things, because I'm used to thinking she's a creepy idiot<3"
"I love Great Music, I play it and tweet about it via #spotify, its a new show on called tweet-dio show!"
"RT Great article from on #digitalpreservation - we are losing our ability to reconstruct history htt..."
"Don't Be Nasty."
"RT : #QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Q:Really!! All 3 of your boys have #Autism A: yes followed by Q: Wow, how do you manage it all?"
"You too!"
"Follow along as I live tweet from the Big \"I\" or IIABA event in #DC on"
"Almost didn't publish it. But what the hell. Hoist with his own petard, etc."
"talknn to lauren ! =)"
"Congrats Seniorita Hottie!! Well deserved...indeed beautiful and talented."
"Ok no more procrastinating!"
"haha just had a customer end our conversation w/ \"ok, love you, bye...I mean...just bye\" hilarious!"
"lol is dat a good no comment or bad 1"
"Meek Mill!! where can I send you beats to?!"
"a printer bit makes sense...."
"Walking on sunshine! Got 5 tasks done! Onto the next!! Woohoo!!!!!"
"I show suicidal hints, and it makes me want to give in because it seems like nobody listens.."
"Hi Jeremy! Thanks for the follow, hope you're having an awesome day!"
"It's weird to think that this time last week was prom and this time next week will be summer. Time really does fly!"
"#ThatDoesNOTMakeYouCool snapbacks, double socks, and chuck taylors. You ain't cool, you just a clone of everybody else"
"off day?"
"Not having time to eat lunch does not mean you should have an unhealthy dinner, yet I still did."
"tea would be lurvely! my voice is still kinda gone :p"
"Umm excuse me, #follow back please."
"That is so awesome!!!! Congratulations!!! :-) Party!"
"feels not so long ago that we were tweeting with reckless emotion....here's to another season of the same."
"RT : My dinner this evening will include sülze, pâté, bâtard and some other foods with random pretentious diacritics."
"Excuse me ur a hell of a guy.. You know I really got a thing for american guys..."
"Can't express how disappointed i m in the Yankees."
"Bodybuilding is much like any other sport"
"EducationLoansUSA.com - nice resources for education loans, school grants, financial aid, scholarships."
"Which state will bravely pave the way by banning gay Sharia law? I'd advise you to look under your bed late at night if you don't fear it"
"Good morning world. Back to sleep"
"So tired! Can't wait for tomorrow :)"
"How about some creamy n cool Tiramisu Gelato and a $1.00 Doppio to kick in to gear after lunch? M....Delizioso!"
"you know me all too well:)"
"has never hated LA traffic more than I do right now."
"um yeah i freaking miss you guys so much legit its not ok"
"Talk to me my Twitter soldiers: who is funny that I should follow?"
"I've been to Helnsinki - it is extremely beautiful & surprisingly clean. (same city architects as St. Petersburg, Russia)"
"I might pick up a new one soon. I know a guy who can get candies and they are fucking amazing"
"“: I have a vase filled with purple tulips to inspire me as I work. Nature is so inspiring! #ubusensations” <= Sounds nice"
"Hosea 14:3 \"... for in you the fatherless find compassion.\""
"we are pretty full on acts but I may add another 1/2 hour what do you do"
"Couples massages for Valentines Day! 2 Swedish massages for $200.00 includes glass of champagne and chocolate! Good Feb 12-14. Call NOW"
"Researchers in 04' tested 10 umbilical cords of newborns and found on average 200 toxic chemicals! Cleansing is so important!"
"Thanks everyone! I wasn't really close with baby randy. But thanks for the kind words!"
"<-----Be the first to name this guy and win a"
"Thanks for the tip! Looks like it's time for me to set up some RSS feeds..."
"I miss them too Lily, more than you can imagine.."
"No never! I'm sure I'll become obsessed."
"do you like , too? Jk. The e*trade commercials are cute."
"Queens. Park. Rangers. Wow."
"well that's a nice time to go to bed :P"
"Congrats for winning tickets to see #AlvinAiley at NJPAC (May 11-13). Pls DM us for details on picking up your tix."
"#realfriends are always loyal"
"who many of you would enjoy drinking some scotch right now?what about champagne? come to my desk...i've got them both! and they taste god!"
"Agree completely. I think blanket statement of \"no one knows\" is easy cop-out"
"We now have 3 Million Twitter users and profiles in our database. Looking for more prospects? Call us at 614-947-3608 we can search 4u."
"Let's go Reds! I hate any team that has a cardinal as a mascot!"
"just got done washing the truck miss my babe<3 (:"
"Some extra help would take away tha stress griffy da stiffy! P.S I actually clicked on the URL in your bio... Doesn't work FYI"
"see also: College Football"
"On the way to Burlington to buy the baby's changing table:D"
"#Teamfollowback can I get more followers? :)"
"Oh pierogis, you are so good to me."
"I jus want to see that ass clap!”)"
"Damn... TORNADO warnings for South Florida?? Where the hell are we?"
"Think like a man of action, and act like a man of thought."
"Once again have to thank for giving a autograph for the fan club."
"Bacon good, bacon with pancake syrup drippings better."
"I've have the #ManOnABuffalo music in my head today. Also a"
"Just bought a basting brush. Need to make sure I have everything in anticipation of Irene's wrath."
"I don't think so Bitch , hoe shit"
"SHOT OUT TO MY BRO FRESH FOR BLOWIN DOWN 10 SWISHAS WIT ME ON 4/20#HIGH OFF LIFE"
"When I'm with you, I feel like that's where I belong, Honestly, it's the only place I wanna be<3"
"Go buy food by running for times..."
"i don't think that the order of grapes listed on the label is regulated, more a matter of custom, highest % to least."
"all the time, Bucky"
"Today I'm so grateful for everything I have learned. Happy Birthday to one of the best people who ever lived. <3"
"Obama confesses to a 'pretty please' foreign policy. \"We politely asked Bin Laden if we could shoot him in the face. He said no. Oh well.\""
"woohooo!! Sounds great:)"
"#WebGreekTip - Tasks are now displayed in your calendar on their due date! Go to you Lists App: View > Tasks to create a new task!"
"S/O TO FOLLOW HIM"
"Almost done with this house, then off to my house to mow."
"The #Duggars are going to have #20? Really? I can't wait for the episode when these kids want to wear jeans and drink beer (thanks, KK)."
"I want to know if you can see beauty, even when it's not pretty every day, and if you can source your own life from its presence. -- Oriah"
"#10FactsAboutMe 8) I love dancing w/ ladies that know how to dance or can follow.If you have no rhythm, I'll make up an excuse not to dance."
"I'm so optimistic that you'll return to Seattle to be on our #hackingedu TV show, that I'm already writing your intro script...."
"“: Do I have a V.I.P. seat at Isiah Carey Day?? I will bring the Pringles.” He got the fever for da flava!"
"Thanks for the congrats and sharing the news via PRSA. Look forward to seeing you at next month's meeting!"
"So sad I'm not going to SD to watch #UNLV take on SDSU tomorrow."
"Exploring Edinburgh."
"\"Buying the gifted label\" is in FL 2. My kids go 2 a FT gifted school & never had a \"tutor\" but a few of their peers did."
"never underestimate how hard it will be for very smart people to follow instructions re tracking changes & using version names"
"long and tedious. :)"
"Your my man. Nobody could replace you haha"
"i hate to say it but it still hurts"
"So Vegas is the \"dumbest city.\" Well that may be true but also lots of friendly, entrepeneurial and can-do folks as well..."
"Im Starting A Clothing Line..What Should I Call It?"
"get angry . i dont care . if you havent realized my situation is bigger than you so just fade into the background."
"California Love. <33"
"Soccer gets me goinn!"
"Wait. Drive By Truckers is tonight? ack!"
"Yeah buddy this this is poppin' .... Cream is already getting crazy like I said and its barely 11pm . Get here quick or you will be waiting."
"Break a leg!"
"Holy Moly.... just called me to say hi!!! Must be craving some of that walleye sushi =)"
"Sounds good to me!"
"they've done lots of upgrades to be more sustainable and the ingenuity doesn't end w/ exterior. Architect had future in mind."
"Off to take, and then teach a class with live music at BYS Yoga!"
"Before the interview tips: #7 always stop in a bathroom and look in the mirror before walking into a face-to-face interview."
"#Follow Friday fabulous support for #Miami #Artists. I went to the SeminArt at Cifo last night... really great Thanks!"
"Nice..glad to hear it! Keep up the good work!"
"you're pic"
"Thanks for following me. I'm looking forward to reading your tweets! Adam"
"Austin: Say somethin' if you're feeling the vibe. Say somethin' baby don't be so shy. Me: SOMETHIN'."
"Also, big upswing in crohn's disease in kids: another autoimmune related disorder."
"A big #manly salute to you and"
"'s Twitter excitement lasted all of 24 hours"
"When I say \"morons\" you know what I mean. White people aren't riding around on mountain bikes shooting."
"RT FREE admission to several around Oregon & Washington on Friday (5/11)"
"I love you! Great job on the last song! He's all I need too! God Bless You Colton! I can't wait to see you on tour someday! xo<3"
"Just watching tonight's episode of \"The Office\", since when did Binghamton get a branch of Dunder-Mifflin? #spiedies&paperdontmix"
"Nope. Never been interested in tracking that for some reason.."
"Thanks mate."
"Thanks for following! Looking forward to getting some tips for blogging!"
"A video recap shows Eddie Kingston winning the NWA Heritage belt from Adam Pearce last week."
"no doubt."
"indiana stucco companies, indiana stucco repair, indiana stucco contractors, stucco repair in indiana, stucco repair in carmel indiana"
"Any notable #Neudorf wine and cuisine pairings you can suggest for the weekend ahead?"
"If i woke up next you CieraMariexoxo"
"Would like to get linked to that piece once it's up!"
"a bunch of frauds.... why you wearing those shirts??? to make sure the police don't arrest you?"
"cool yesh do that"
"Ok Leslie Visser needs to cool it with the plastic surgery or whatever is going on with her face? Play-Doh?"
"Tiger misses the cut."
"Can't wait for the Texans to start playing 💙❤😊🏈"
"thank you so much. I am glad you enjoyed it. Stop again soon."
"We're glad it's no longer a Justin Bieber song."
"dope, we'll see what you 'bout.. You should specify which local talent you're promoting, perhaps ?"
"Okay good! Let us know if the problem keeps happening and we'll try to help!"
"I'm so grateful to have a best friend that's willing to help me out when my own family won't 💜 beyond blessed!"
"A special shot out to our sponsors: North Milwaukee State Bank, Lounge Boutique, Attorney Tarena Franklin & Embellish Permanent Cosmetics"
"no, drought is almost over. We should have beer by the beginning of May, if not before"
"Good discussion on #studentvoice. Thanks all."
"rain on my face"
"Chocolate Girls Be Pretty : )"
"I've got a futon for sale!!"
"Super hyper!!!!"
"you better not. lol"
"RT Ah yes, the Kentuckee Darbye. I always enjoyed the post-race drop in the price of adhesive."
"gorgeous hotel rooms!"
"Jay rock murdered it..."
"Gotta unravel the pieces to the puzzle to build it up again I suppose cuz the show is getting stale."
"Home and in bed feeling blah is not how I wanted to spend my evening. Oh well."
"There is already a cottage industry of PE which finances class action lawsuits - Crowdfunding defense actions must be sprouting already"
"MY FEET ARE COLD AGAIN! AHH"
"BEST. I want this on a poster. RT \"I just took it upon myself to not let my team lose.\" - Casper Ware"
"Congrats, Sherry!"
"now followin s/o"
"#ThingsThatINeed to stop tweeting"
"Working, blah"
"at lunch today Trissy showed me a picture if you, I died laughing!!!! it was cute. haha"
"Someone come rescue me please"
"i still feel really bad for coming at during practice today. :("
"Retrain Tip: Sleep & rest some instances is more important than exercise. Too little of proper rest can cause more stress on the body."
"Everyones saying I have a southern accent ..."
"that my friend would be an advantage when you get old."
"The lessons that nonprofit organizations can take from this are that savvy media and marketing matter, president of Advertising for Humanity"
"Refs are pretty inconsistent tonight"
"Batterie us gonna die so gotta go charge it :) bye"
"the 'no doubt' casts some doubt, yo."
"hey. um. follow me? happy early birthday! (:"
"whenever .... I will have peanut"
"Mya Hatchett the lawyer, Autism bullied me by misleading the Federal Court in Pensacola and not telling them it was a real property case"
"A BULLET ALWAYS TELLS THE TRUTH!"
"between this and the killing, I really need Helo to be playing a hero on my tv. I no like him bad. *pouts"
"RT : The men and women had the exact same score 41-26, at the same time."
"Love the Corkboard video, exhibition looks great. Also #congradulations !"
"Everyone does this cute thing, where they ignore my existence."
"C'est la vie: Such is life!"
"remember Homestar Runner? Man I am old."
"\": just had to make sure... DMW IN THIS BIDNIGHT\"<<<< lmao you already know"
"Fear what you don't know...."
"Join us at the senior center tonight to learn all about mifflin at 7pm"
"Bynums old ass with his white hair"
"“While pain is inevitable, suffering is optional.” ~ Buddha"
"We're celebrating human trafficking month in the back of 's car with two non-citizens in the back :) #MW2012 w/"
"Yay Its so awsome we get Wheel Of Fortune back on at 7pm here again in INDIANAPOLIS"
"lmao red meat..."
"SOMEBODY NEED TO HAVE A KICKBACK!!!!"
"Someone I'm sitting next to at Starbucks is carrying her own whipped cream. She needs a utility belt for cherries & sprinkles."
"Its official. Ima tourture myself tonight with sad lovesongs."
"She tryna suduce me to come to her room on my prom night knowing I'm gone be wit my girl"
"Also added your blog to my Google Reader. Looks like good information!"
"Corporations Need To Start Acting As Socially Conscious Citizens via"
"is this real talk time??"
"anyone else beyond stoked for opening day tomorrow ?? go #padres !!! -"
"#50shades RT\" : If my life doesn't end up like the lucky one or 50 shades of grey I'm gunna be pissed\""
"ROWR! Seski feel need for speed! Alpine slide at MtHood SkiBowl so awesome. Mountain Wind in Seski fur with sunshiny day to end adventure"
"that's so sweet"
"ew. what kind of recipes are you trying to find? epicurious is a good place to look."
"Ever notice how designers can't leave their website alone? Design is an evolution. If you don't move forward your website will say ©2007."
"Need my list too lol jk"
"Happy Thanksgiving!! Many Blessings to everyone!! No watching the diet today lol!"
"Cavs are winning the lottery anyway, it don't matter"
"SUNDAY GIRL A SMART FILLY - Daily Star"
"For my first tweet in awhile, I'll paint a really colorful picture for you. I've been taking mucinex for a few days and it's working. A LOT."
"portland has been freakin amazing so far! i cant wait to play some shows here. : D"
"I miss you too! I haven't talked to you in forever"
"#rainraingoaway I'm #wearing new #Blake espadrilles from Where's the sun?"
"GOD THE ULTIMATE MISSONARY"
"aw I was hoping Ray was nominated!! I'm here at home too. :)"
"Bets on whether or not Boehner's envelope contains crazy purple knock-out gas."
"we spend so much time together that being apart for a day feels like decades."
"Head to where they have 25 Cent Keystone Taps and 1.50 PBRs tonight! 807 S 5th St"
"Lupia: When people learn, the brain changes at the neural level. Patterns of association = brain cells grow new memories"
"My hearts pounding in my chest"
"im good. i told your mom you guys need to come over so we can go swimming. would you like that?"
"here & looking forward to today's tweet chat. this long week has again screamed along."
"It's Mojito time! Let it flow, let it flow, let it flow ;-}"
"I keep running into the problem that students don't believe I work here, or they choose to ignore I work here."
"Sometimes I wonder; how many other girls he is texting while he's texting me."
"That sums up the season so far: César Izturis just hit a ball TOO hard."
"Lost power at work. I've got nothing to do."
"All the #linsanity is making me hungry.. Today's breakfast: Linstant Oatmeal... After work, a possible Lin & Tonic."
"“: I really wish I was better at golf. I get invited to 20 outings a year. And I suck\" - you and me at the range for an hour"
"I smell like checkered flag and chicken"
"haha Spanish was fun... Wonder what Ryales will say when we don't turn in our work."
"Makes me realize how much I love baseball.."
"Tonight is not a night to celebrate the Death of a Humanlife."
"Its lonely at the top... but you do eat better"
"where is my bunny i want to squish her ugh"
"FREE lunch for your VOTE on Facebook with Chase Community Giving! May 19th from 12:00-2:00pm 6160 Mission Gorge Road Ste 204 SD, CA 92120!"
"Is it telling that it is taking me longer to sort out my digital stuff than my physical stuff before I switch jobs?"
"so your happy"
"Feature creative is a small graphic design firm& prides it self on being such.We work with you & cater to your individual needs.Get in touch"
"Talk about an AWESOME call tonight! Carrie, this one call really gave me answers that I have been praying about! THANKS!"
"I think Troyzan should have won the #playeroftheseason on"
"Kelly Clarkson has it right...\"What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.\""
"DONT WORRY ABOUT THE MONEY ITS GONE COME RACKS"
"Your Acting Like It ."
"that's cool. I may throw a party. Need to be fine for that"
"hahaha i love this......all i have to say is HHI ahah"
"no one told us life gonna be easy -_-"
"China is a prime example, their income inequality makes the US look like Cuba"
"just talking to you, wbu?(;"
"Souls woven together by the gods can never be unraveled."
"Grab a wrench, pipe tape—and your keyboard!—to celebrate the fourth annual Fix a Leak Week, March 12-18, 2012."
"yup. I think we can do it."
"So we did it again. Knowing we should quit it but we simply won't admit it again."
"can you follow me?<3"
"was Mark ever checked out for rabies?"
"Like Soilent Green?"
"Let the real race for governor of Wisconsin begin!"
".......someone bring me more jameson."
"This weather is crazy!!! I'm about to duck for cover....the aquarium is one if the safest places to be!!"
"At the strip club foolin"
"Cafe Iberia features a new espresso on the go! Check out Cafe Iberia on Facebook!"
"Thanks for the RT!"
"kota says i'm \"just conner to her\" bitch please, i'm CONNER MOTHERFUCKING MURPHY."
"Wow! Durant!!!! Great game."
"Agreed. Its twitter I can't give up."
"A study from Japan suggests that drinking 2 cups of tea or more a day can cut risk of cognitive impairment in half!"
"That teaches me to check Twitter before watching my recording."
"Special thanks to for giving me the Adenovirus during her last trip to Vegas. Loving the smoker's voice."
"FINALLY! Tonight we're headed to Mansfield,getting our paranormal nerd on with & more!!! CAN'T WAIT!"
"Don't be embarrassed to get check testicles checked for lumps and such. It will make for a good story either way."
"yes how much wherea!!!!"
"I'm so proud of you Great job last night!"
"Unplug it for about 10 seconds. Then plug it back in and power it on. Should reboot."
"art murals"
"did you tell him to move *cuss* get out the way."
"well since I don't have a job anymore, and you're on vacation, we should chill sometime man."
"A beaut day to start the week. Congrats to my youngest son who turned 6 yesterday! Let's make today count."
"what about Rodgers? 45 touchdown passes only 6 int. sorry he's the MVP no question."
"Spring Into Summer Fest in Lawrence, KS!!!! We play at 9:45"
"meet me on the northside for"
"Yer on notice, This candyass will mess you up if you don't get out here & represent w/rest of team Tamoguchi /cc"
"If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable. Donald Trump"
"why dont you tweet to the world what I said(;"
"no hoops today... Hope your ankle is healing for next Sunday :-)"
"It's Spursday! Spurs Jazz Game 1 at noon on ESPN."
"Pizza Hut pasta is indescribable"
"Thanks for the bday wishes!"
"awe hey boo and I love u too! It's always good to see u :)"
"shout out to my girl she a fool wit it #follow her"
"Directioners Love One Direction Moms , we love those fine ladies <3"
"omg im tired!!"
"lets fucking go"
"-no, he's bald. Well, he has one strand of hair on the middle of his head. I remember that episode(:"
"is thinking about expanding her charity efforts to give back to the DC region: perhaps save the bay and the capital area food bank? :)"
"Summer come back!!!"
"Gonna get Max groomed. This should be interesting ;)"
"When my own girlfriend thinks I'm too pussy to do something hahahaha bitch you don't know me as good as I thought."
"marvel vs capom3?"
"definitely more granola than troll"
"Thanks for the follow Austin Shoppings (AustinShoppings)! :)"
"spent Saturday night with a chilled bottle of Lotto Moscato from Diamond Ridge. Great taste. Great time."
"Not too many bad kings left ... At least not many the Western world would be able to recognize. :)"
"Your tweets have just the right amount of snark!"
"the sun is actually out and shining brightly! I think we're clear for the night."
"You're one of those stay in and watch tv kinda people. Haha!"
"Grouplove – Tongue Tied on #Spotify LOVE LOVE LOVE"
"DAHHH THEY ARE SO CUTE. AND ZAYN POKED HARRY. SKAKDJDNDKSKFUG"
"Eddie-Spaghetti how the heck r ya! Nothin much here, just trying to get set to enter the real world in a couple weeks ;)...hbu!!?"
"So on #4 on the questions, do I need to outline everything in the Revolution, or just the major points??"
"Wishing I was in FL with my mom for this special day! Thank you mommy for giving me life!"
"I bought it middle of last May. So you've still got a few months left on the initial apple warranty."
"Twit casting from the midtown #flipburger in Atlanta"
"5 hours of vodka...what was I thinking? Happy 21st haha. RT : hahahahha enjoyed the party a bit too much :)"
"We'll be performing in the \"Super Serious Show\" on Thursday, January 20th @ Smashbox Studios in Culver City! 8pm!"
"Emily its 10 o clock. We have school tomorrow. Why are you here."
"so fucking annoyed. was supposed to be flying to albuqeruque today."
"Congratulations on Kobe becoming the youngest NBA player to score 28,000 points"
"\"Happiness is a by-product of an effort to make someone else happy.\" - Gretta Brooker Palmer"
"#FridayReads The Wrong Mother - Sophie Hannah"
"Lots of great things planned this week... Wonder what we'll cover next?"
"hi I believe you're sending out viruses. Did you write me 4 times last night?"
"They're so lucky."
"it beats Anne frank any day!"
"inconsiderate people <<<"
"RT Moment when the only reason I'm awake is cause youhr messages keep waking me up n_♥ !"
"I lol that The Biggest Loser is still on, I never get tired of people killing over after a 10 ft sprint ahh good times"
"Goes to show, a strong identity lasts the test of time -posterization looks cool and iconic even today. Pre iPod ad style?"
"off to bed really tired :) <21"
"Good luck to all of the runners and walkers at #Crazylegs today! Stay warm!!"
"Waiting on #MadMen with"
"Why don't yah throw on a sweater young man, and come down and join us. Haha Cheers bud!"
"Gather up your tears keep em in your pocket save em for a time when your really gonna need em"
"maybe u ARE right! It's drizzling here too! Hooray!"
"Students need to work in public to connect US (academy) to reality too?"
"Never watched that show....need to! Is it on HBO?"
"we have it all in c-town buddy!"
"Great to see a pair of red tailed hawks circling over last night."
"I'm seriously gonna try to get in shape"
"Corn tortillas?"
"I don't remember them thinking helping others was such a bad thing when the banks were bailed out."
"Thank you to all who came to our Advocacy workshop today in City Heights!"
"planning a thanks givibg trip to vegas. Wanna make it a family event with u guys"
"Why you gtta be so extra??"
"Ready to kick off the season with two big concerts."
"naw man they say they got rack but can get clothes levi jackets are onli cool if there old school not rite of a new store"
"tornados are over...back to normal, spring is here"
"debating who?"
"Haitian Game of Thrones?"
"BTW, saw ur from Mt Pleasant PA. Where do u go to hs? And what sport(s) do u play? I went to Calif Univ of PA back in the day."
"wish you were here too, but selfishly glad you're off writing more \"American Daughters\" for me to read :D x"
"love you! Thanks for all you do and for being such a great friend....miss youu <3"
"Twitter real estate chat tonight - 6pm PDT/ 9pm EDT - Cinematic filmmaking techniques"
"\"mom! i have good news!\" \"what? you got an 100 on your test!\" \"mom, i said news not a miracle\""
"thank you smokey love you too"
"Although you've become experienced in fighting, God is saying \"Be still\" in this season!"
"also, thinking that fist pumping in the middle of a traffic jam is highly underrated."
"#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you twerk in the middle of the street."
"Somebody hacked my twitter and i dnt knw my password but i can still tweet off my phone smh"
"Jacobs: Im an really disappointed Wily Mountain is gone."
"My #webdev eyes have been opened - #firebug allows editing #CSS without reloading the page..."
"lol daisy ur new nick name is blueberry :)"
"You are actually required to love you and me."
"love it!! Turn it up!!!"
"Ya it's the most annoying thing ever!"
"I do! ¦ \": Who gives a shit about the #1940Census\""
"I love his smile."
"I appreciate all followers thank you very much"
"I'm just trying to stay calm and prep for my gig tonight, but every time I think about I just get pissed."
"#UConn vs #ND A lot of back door plays. Is it good passing or bad defense?"
"it is fine that you are mad at the people hating on you, but the word retard is offensive to say."
"I'm really good. Just studying for my world history test. How about you?"
"The guitar is a small orchestra.. It is polyphonic... Every string is a different color & a different voice."
"Sounds good. Can you follow us? Won't seem to let me dm. Thanks!"
"Yo guys, Check out for some sounds that are pleasing to the ear!"
"Entrepreneurship 101: find the pain, sell the relief."
"Gunna Kill In In Marysville In September! Can't Wait;D Cody I Can Listen To YOU #AllDay <3"
"so the govnt has like a bunch of things set up like the cabin to make peeps die,and what they do effects what monsters and"
"I'm glad we could be a part of what sounds like a pretty great day! --Minus the sad hand... :( Feel better!"
"this is true. Be a good talker you can take over the world"
"ah yes, new printer demo. I really should be involved with my expertise in the field. 8-)"
"Changing guitar strings, windows open & blasting music by It's a good day!"
"Don't think we forgot about you! Hope you stocked up on some soup!"
"thankfully, no."
"#OctaviaSpencer is adorable!!"
"keep on hatin hahaha #L61K69 how many championships has ul won in the last 50+ years?"
"OMFG!! rlly egypt?? oh and ikr logan is so lovable, sweet, charming, smart, and funny! hes the whole package"
"when i finish my new website (very soon) and you get yor butt up here!"
"Loneliness & heartache :/"
"Massage time!"
"hahaha too bad it doesn't fit anymore"
"My big-boned tabby Ron turns into Gollum when he receives his Christmas catnip."
"- right its so annoying seeing in on fb all the time!"
"is there a twitter play for today?"
"follow her tweets!"
"just because you dye your hair black it doesn't mean you're emo"
"I know!! He seems like a real genuine guy!"
"I Hate How The Tumblr App Is Madd Slow!"
"gonna be that guy and play one of your jams while you're in the room"
"and he does this on purpose! Charter member of the I Dress in the Dark Club!"
"I wonder if I've met the person I'm going to marry yet ♥"
"AMAZING of course!!!! =)"
"That's not what u wrote, but ok. I don't like it when any person speaks that way abt women. Brings us all down."
"It 11:11 make a wish, make a wish and say..... <3"
"Who is going? I must know."
"watching the video makes me want to go and break a world record...or break an actual record...or both."
"resolved: eat migas."
"I'm good. Weird that u found my number? Lol I don't do twitter too lol hope all is good with u! Xoxo"
"Show me how you feel so I know it's real."
"get out! Run"
"Nigga what are you doing"
"no lie. if i am going to eat meat, i have to 1) know exactly where it came from and/or 2) harvest the meat myself."
"what happened w Final Destination series. LOVED first one n next few were ok but 4th is insanely disgusting n now don't want 2 see new one."
"lol Really? That was me chillin"
"Polyphonia, Sweet Violets, Carbon Life, Royal Opera House, review: Sex, violence and Boy George are all part of .."
"And here comes with the whiney tweets about playing baseball in this weather. -_______-"
"START! Doors are now open for Free Play! It's also happy hour until 7pm. Get down here! 21+, $5."
"Thanks for the RTs!"
"What kind of misfit danger can I get myself into this evening?"
"#beforeIdieIwantto find someone to spend the rest of my life with"
"RT : RT : Why AI Professor Sebastian Thrun Gave Up Tenure At Stanford To Provide Free Education Online..."
"Going shopping in a little :)"
"Why does this recall election remind me of Celebrity Death Match on MTV? If only life was as simple as claymation. Wait..."
"Troy Calhoun as the next Broncos Head Coach??"
"I am dating the hottest most amazing man on earth."
"twitcon is awesome."
"nice job on temple run. Took you long enough haha"
"Cracks me up when people say \"OMG, please help me get to 1,000 followers! Only 23 to go!\" You know there ain't a prize, right?"
"Follow to tag along with us on our Wednesday shoot. We'll be sprinkling out details over the next 2 days."
"I gauge my tailgating drinking on the state of the chiefs d. Scale between natty and grey goose, what should I stock up on?"
"Happy Friday! What are your plans for the weekend my fellow tweeters?!?!"
"Kastin likes rap music just like his dad me and his uncles"
"Headed to WH event on #smartdisclosure; should be great"
"Thanks you for following the Pancreatic Action Network Milwaukee Affiliate!"
"\"Damn the Torpedoes, Full Steam Ahead.\" - Admiral David Farragut, 1864"
"double tap home btn when locked."
"The Boston Stock Exchange Building is NOT depressing. You should see all the creepy passages in that building, epic."
"Might rain and it will be windy in Las Vegas. Doesn't matter I'm pressure washing indoors tonight. vegaspressurewashing.com"
"follow me you twat"
"great. thank you."
"Good morning!! Hope everyone's having a fantastic day!!"
"DM I finally downloaded tweetdeck and u r my 1st twetee... Did u receive it?"
"Tony, thanks very much. Jack, Peter, Liz and Mom thank you too."
"you dont want none, sometime soon tho takin u down"
"Running my last show ever. Come see my friends pack out and kill it tonight!"
"haha - the floor is drying! Wednesday friend :) RT: Is your Division store open yet?? Please? Quit teasing us!"
"Ha! Thanks for finding the humor in it! I hope her teacher doesn't follow twitter..."
"Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. -- Peter Drucker"
"a little sleepy haha. how're you?"
"So great seeing you this morning."
"#Apple is set to unveil #iPad3 today! First major unveiling since Steve Jobs. Apple store is down.90 mintes until the iPad3 launch event."
"Oh then tell him to take his shit before you get in trouble but he/she could leave half the money"
"Dude, these cookies are only 50 calories each and delightful. Trust me, worth it. One super sweet, one is enough."
"Good luck to your boys tomorrow!!"
"I cannot wait till summer..."
"Another packed DH session - \"Digital Pedagogy\" #s349 #MLA2012 - fantastic projects on display!"
"The Vern Lewellen throwback was out on Sunday. Just at my house not at NFLHQ"
"Will be coming up with new strategy for hastag for next event for sure. My stream just blinded me ."
"This week's reading for British Lit class: \"Sir Gawain and the Green Knight.\""
"Alright guys, this is the last opportunity to break up with your girl so you don't have to buy her a vday gift before it looks too obvious."
"MADISON GO FOLLOW !! U"
"Getting ready for my first Knicks game! Tweet me things NOT do to at a Knicks game :)"
"Finishing up in the studio this week! Laying down vocals on the new tracks today."
"❒ Taken ❒ Single ✔ Mentally dating a celebrity that has no idea you exist."
"HEY CONNECTICUT! We're gonna be in Danbury, CT promoting at The Heirloom Arts Center tonight. Come see a great show and say hi to us."
"Family time, then watching Kim's fairy tale wedding :)"
"Enjoyed \"Pa' Todo El Año\" by Little Joe & La Familia on Pandora"
"grinding homie Bday on sat u back in town"
"Is it odd that i love Night time over Day time?"
"love you too:)"
"MAny high school coaches ignore the movement of the offense after the ball is in the post - how many practice vs those screens?"
"loves it!"
"Enjoy the nice weather, Pittsburgh peeps. Have a nice evening!"
":) thx! Fishbowl lens and awesome pic courtesy of"
"I love following fellow West Virginians!!!"
"What's the best street in Albuquerque to cruise in a Dodge Challenger?"
"would say tinychat but you said can't :'( sad face"
"Ya know, Forrest Gump could have gotten a lot more pussy if he would have applied himself."
"#20ThingsAboutMe im a private person"
"WWF is working now! =]"
"If I were rich I'd be there!"
"happy's mother's day i love u mommy!!!!!"
"Minnesota Vikings player Chris Cook says he acted in self defense. Cook took the stand today in his domestic assault trial."
"You know what? I'm gonna tweet pointless stuff ;D"
"love love that color !"
"San Diego SHOWS ADDED!! Come out Come out wherever you are! Plus, MARCH 2010 TOUR w/VIVERA is gonna be.. ridiculous. more on that later :D"
"Glad im exempt from all them tests!"
"RT Rookie Marcus Morris leads the with 15 in first half as they lead 53-51. TD w/ 12 for Spurs."
"are you running it?"
"Just had the worst news of my life. I can officially say that April 5, 2012 is not a friend a mine!"
"This night is dragging--------and I love it!"
"#cityplanners: what are your favorite #bookstores?"
"yea and I only get noobs in my games lol"
"Great weekend so far. gig was awesome. The rest has been very relaxing and productive. Gearing up for an equally great week."
"One down, two to go."
"In relationships, its not that the other person changed, they just started to reveal who they always were and you just finally realized it."
"#StaySafe #Tip: Keep money and credit cards safe by using a pouch or money belt worn under your clothing."
"/: well this sucks"
"#uwannaimpressme pull out a rubber full of u know wat I mean \"Big Faces\""
"Fun fact: our new album was recorded at Third Eye Blind's personal recording studio. Which obviously means it's BRILLIANT."
"can email you the lyrics for EP and more in depth details if you want to DM us your contact info. Or ours"
"GOOD NIGHT FOLKS"
"Reminder! Twitter Party coming up on Tues, 5/22 at 8pm! Locally Grown Club! Prizes: Locally Grown Club Boxes"
"Bitch, please. You've had more relationships than my grandparents have had birthdays."
"awww! Looking forward to meeting the troublemaker ;) she's cute! Xoxoxo"
"Networking party..Thursday March 3, 2011 @ Legends 6 W 33rd St. New York, NY. Doors open @ 8PM!! Dance, drink and NETWORK"
"Thank you for your support!"
"Miss you logan, things will never be the same."
"Aww, fuck it gimma that damn bucket. When I throw this Pussy you betta not duck it. ;p"
"cool and Washington like always :p haha about you?"
"This is the first time that Krista has called me cool..usually she says I'm lame!Thanks for admitting it Kristopher!"
"read Bill See's book \"33 Days\" - i highly recommend - about a band on the road - you will love it~"
"Have you planed a Cash Mob yet?"
"I seriously feel like shit right now . . . Mann 😞"
"How was the publishing process? did you DIY or find a publisher? thanks!"
"2 more hours till 12 o clock my bday and Mikey birthday and my mom yes gonna be 13 finally same with mikey"
"Please follow me for updates on open Engineering positions!"
"2nd Amendement + Training = Ready to pack. Of course you used \"best judgement\" when you fired in that \"tough situation.\""
"good luck to your brother tonight! Hoping to see him in Green and Gold!"
"hm... Sounds like a story is in order??? I am struggling to keep up with both twitter n FB. Ive been choosing FB. :)"
"I feel that dude has become more gender neutral over the years, so yeah."
"I CAN'T WAIT TO HEAR #SaySomethin AGAIN IT WAS #BESTSONGIHAVEEVERHEARD :)"
"UT Dallas chapter of American Advertising Federation will meet tonight from 6 - 7 pm in SOM 1.217."
"Cc: RT : #LumiaApp tip: Traveling to another country? Use Bing Vision to translate menu text"
"Thanks for the follow. I love the dinosaurs puking rainbows background. Ha, and all the tweets of course. :)"
"acts of librarian rebellion: shoes off at the reference desk. it's friday afternoon."
"And yeah. With Simpsons, it's kind of hard to NOT become a series that is solely about the episode. 20+ seasons?"
"Hey Arnold! :)"
"'Rabbit hutch' home plan rejected - Daily Echo"
"getting ready for school......unfortunately"
"#livegive It seems we have a lot of Softlips fans,do you do the tinted or clear? Me Clear i dont like color much on the lips"
"Don't start nothing you can't finish! :')"
"#Dodgers win. #Giants lose. All is right with the world."
"Ginger, orange, cardamom, honey...the smells are intoxicating in here...tonight's gonna be a good night :)!"
"UPDATE cities announced for her Gibson Promo Tour Seattle, LA, Las Vegas, San Antonio, Miami, Orlando, Nashville, New York"
"Yes- I have been eyeing it for months!"
"the man on my arm is wearing a fine flannel shirt - fela is playing zombie"
"Rondo 1-of-5 & a non-factor, Pierce killing it, & Dooling hitting a timely 3-pointer...Is this Game 2 all over again?"
"Looking forward to watching #Wales tomorrow... so nervous! #rwc2011 #COME ON WALES!!!"
"we just finished the PSA for the Cannabis Freedom March happening this May! It only took 2 hours, 4 people, ...the ball is rolling fast ;)"
"I DONT UNDERSTAND AGAIN. How these aren't going in?! Quick. I love you."
"Never! RT I don't know about you but I'm getting tired of hearing my voice"
"now following back :))"
"Can't argue with that, brother."
"You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one. ~ Henry David Thoreau"
"Currently reading The Beginner's Goodbye by Anne Tyler."
"awesome. Thanks."
"Maybe! But Kansas City is so much better!"
"In my dream Thanksgiving, we would dress like vikings and eat with our hands on a huge wood plank table. Instead I ate at the kiddie table."
"Wondering why a woman’s best friend is a diamond and a man’s best friend is a dog! Can someone with intelligence answer???"
"...sighs, nothing beats bowling away your retirement at Jillian's."
"tuning in tonight"
"awesome! :) I am so overdue right now, have been so busy! maybe easter/passover weekend when I go home :)"
"You amaze! Love it! And thanks for the reasons to recall Kleefisch. Ready for my next front door question."
"Did you remember to join the Facebook book chat last night?"
"Overheard a guy on the bus boasting of how he bought \"Lay Mizz\" tix and my inner Condescending Wonka thought, \"oh, you must be so cultured.\""
"Whenever I get a sweet text from you, my stomach fills with butterflies. I know it's not supposed to, but does it? Yes."
"is back online, and Blogs@ Baruch with it... sorry for the downtime."
"ikr she sound sick..."
"Don't forget: Mention this post to our office at 703-642-3277 & get $10 Prime or $7 Economy Tkts for this weekend's Light Everlasting show!"
"A press release email with the subject line \"Major New Benson Exhibition\" wasn't what I hoped it would be."
"ooh Hahahaha! Sweet, well not that your sick. But I'm glad you're not mad. Feel better!"
"RT : God is great...beer is good ...and people are crazy...>God is great, beer is nasty, and women are crazy!!"
"Shep Smith on #fox said President is on right side of history, republicans on wrong side. No more inequality, esp. you NC!"
"than what's the other 10%"
"Please help spread the word about tonight's #EmptyBowl Preview Party at Mex Am Cultural Center www.austinemptybowl.org"
"Coat your skillet w/ cooking spray instead of butter. A second-long spritz contains only 10 cals & a gram of fat (versus 102 cals and 12 g)."
"Just caught up with Breaking Bad. What an amazing ending to season 4!"
"would that happen to be Delta to #MSP?!"
"If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.\" - Les Brown"
"I will be at wednesday night!!! missed it last week now im READY READY READY!"
"Disney studio chief quits after &#39;bombs&#39;"
"wait, what? Taco City?!? Sign them up for BIG Deals!"
"Flavors at Harvard Sq: Gingerbread and Pumpkin Pie!"
":( hum, I miss my dad a whole lot I wish he was here with me. :/"
"Speak with candor... Packers got Woodson on a killer deal. Do not think Mario will be a deal"
"Lets change the world...one asshole at a time!!! juliet dillinger"
"you and are just amazing follow me please!!!"
"exactly right, framing the story like that is somewhat of a misrepresentation."
"Just saw a commercial for a new Internet Explorer... #barf On the otherhand...love the #BigBangTheory, HILARIOUS tonight!"
"We've reached the climax, were together now were undone. wont committ so we choose to run away.. dont wanna give in so we both gave up"
"but All-Star Western is doing a pretty bad-ass late-1800s retcon for Gotham. And I don't even like Jonah Hex."
"Just finished riding mr toads."
"I Dont Want To Be Your \" Favorite \" Or Your \" Best \". I Want To Be Your \" Only \" & F*ck The Rest ♥."
"Everything happens for a reason..."
"#Austin people or soon to be ATX visitors, Any #SXSW shows you are looking forward to?"
"Army, Navy, Marines, Air Force, plus some hot islanders and a lot of tourist visitors have your pick"
"Happy Easter!"
"The lifestyle of a big game hunter... Wow"
"I second the motion! RT : Thks Neal!"
"Chipotle and putt putt with some fags 👍😘"
"good morning, my dear!! :)"
"lol yes! You get me now!?"
"In the lab like always"
"In the last 6 days I booked 5 different bands to paying gigs, I create work. ;) I dont just be on twitter all day..F.A.M.E.INC"
"I like it when he puts is right in the koozie. #that'sthespot"
"Buffet Sideboards: Marion Server in Black"
"no problem kiddo :) I am always here for you even in Louisiana :)"
"I disagree. Madison WI public schools are great. Milwaukee public schools aren't. It has to do w/ socioeconomics."
"needs 2 help explain how he sees fire on the scoreboards 2 listeners on for those that haven't seen it!"
"thatnigga a grown boy"
"Tweeting is for kings! and I = living like kings in 3m!"
"O ok. I will look into it to see what the cause may be. Let me know if you have any other problems."
"- it's adorable! Actually, I always love all your handmade brooches. :)"
"I've never smoked a day in my life, but tonight is just one of those nights where I need a fat ass motherfucking blunt.."
"I pray to God that he may preserve your health and life many years."
"Staying in school longer than you should be is no fun at all..."
"You're welcome.\": Toni has assembled some hotties from the Wheel of Men. We're gonna get to know them next on the \""
"whats up with tyler....how have u been"
"Tickets for are STILL AVAILABLE at the door! Come get crazy with us TEXAS!"
":o my niece is gonna be born tomorrow! and her are gonna have the same b-day!!"
"Nd I meant stealing"
"i did"
"Then I rec pitching to agents at cons. I'm planning to go big /with/ self publishing, but more on that later this year. ;)"
"gotta love Facebook ads, today I've been targeted for Colostomy Bags and Learn Easy Koran"
"You mean it's not user-friendly or that it's phallus-shaped?"
"Fresh off the block I got work."
"Are your servers down ? Can't access the website.."
"Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. - Albert Einstein"
"The better plyrs r going to most likely read those guys making these suicidal plays & they r going to put their chips n bad..."
"I really wish would wake up/answer her phone/come home and let me into my house. All I want is my bed."
"one of my fav quotes is: find out who you are, then be yourself on purpose"
"Ahh gym class I forgot the key to my locker, where playing basketball... Again yay... Not...Katie I replyed but I guess you didn't get i ..."
"The timing that men possess is impeccable."
"I'm sitting naked on my couch counting my \"funny money\" from last night. Getting ready to vacation and show off my hot bikini body."
"There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right."
"Nah, I'm heading up to Cracker Creek for some backwoods adventuring. Enjoy Weeki Wachee - net a mermaid while you're there!"
"So, a lot of opponents to the EC say it reinforces a two party system."
"For 1/1-3/17, BF had $108K raised; $110K in expenditures; $86K on hand. If those #s were like CD's I'd give BF better odds"
"Franklin Gothic will be the death of me!"
"no way! just have a guilt conscience :)"
"Listening to NPR... & would be so proud of me... Lol"
"that life should be celebrated."
"have used Camtasia and SnagIt - haven't heard of Jing- u like it? Is it free?"
"looking forward to seeing everyone"
"white wine > red wine"
"RT IF YOU'RE DRINKING OR DRUNK #ThankGodItsThe Weekend"
"Love this--> “Fashion is not something that exists in dresses only. Fashion is in the sky, in the street, fashion has... ~Coco Chanel"
"INDIE FILM NIGHT: Read for 2 Directors currently casting. Eva & Isaak James, a bro & sis team (think early Coen Brothers). Not to be missed!"
"If you haven't discovered the greatness of 8 Seasons Grille, get to Bassett & Main NOW!!!"
"I only cleaned 1/4 of my room.....I gotta do this over a few weeks because trash day was JUST yesterday lol"
"Dont trust shit -- even the Devil was an angel..."
"What is evidence of learning in art in a museum context? If you don't know the outcome, how can you design to support."
"u tryin 2 get some of this hot fiya ?"
"Central IT orgs & services can vary greatly among \"peer\" institutions. Educause CDS facilitates comparing to yr IT peer."
"Washington should have won that game. Bye bye bracket."
"You all can love but my perspective is different... The show is fantasy good its on TV"
"Twitter > Everything else."
"did any of the pics I took if you turn out??"
"please follow me austin <3"
"Thanks for the Fruit Tree Sale shout out! We're getting ready now and there is a lot of good stuff!"
"sure. I look forward to sharing ideas."
"I'm tired 😖 ugh"
"following back!"
"When I had my electronic baby, I sewed her clothes and bought her a Halloween outfit."
"One Direction would be the band. The question: Harry, will you go to prom with me in April?"
"back at ya!"
"People don't care how much you know, until they know how much you care."
"hey awesome party you run, thanks for the experience! Siren, Vicky, Lucky yourself and the rest were hella fun!"
"any chance of a middle school health and physical education conference?"
"why the fuck am i so damn tired ..."
"Let's go boys!"
"be at Hayes crib bout 5"
"I be trying 2 follow myself lol"
"Aye guey.. Tonight I'm going to bust my balls."
"thanks for following us xoxo"
"Picture a mint julep sombrero with straws attached and a rim full of tortillas!"
"And with the first overall pick in the rapture draft.....God chooses......Randy \"Macho Man\" Savage! OOOOOOOOhhhhhhhhhhh Yeeeaaaaaaaaahhhh!"
"Remember boy we can be miles apart, it don't matter where you are cause you're always in my heart."
"hey yall ck me out on rickey smiley morning show. tell rickey he needs to give me some money lol"
"... Look forward to connecting with you."
"May the god of hope fill u with much joyn peace as u trust in himso that u may over flowwith hope by the powe of the holly spirit rom15:13<3"
"\"Congratulations. You're one step closer to hitting bottom.\""
"HAPPY C DAY MY NIGGA KEEP DOIN DAT G SHIT & KEEP THESE F NIGGAZ N SUSPENSE #WARREN UP"
"basically all of their songs are freaking awesome haha :)) Have you seen them live?"
"WWW =World Wide Wait"
"Just found out the other boxer is Mexican thought he was a whitey"
"Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka. In 1910, Halley's Comet passed by earth, brushing it with its tail."
"But somehow I had an instagram account before today?! Idk *shrugs*"
"With the dropping temperatures in New England this week, if you have dry eyes, point your car heating vents away from your eyes."
"Any tips and tricks for choosing your perfect wedding dress? How did YOU know when you found \"the one?\" ;)"
"That sounds like more fun ;)"
"I love you."
"is rehearsing tonight after taking class at YogaChai."
"quality players they signed other than OLs, it's news to me"
"make a girl smile, 24 four hours a day. and you'll get back 100% of her heart <3"
"Motivate - He who hesitates is lost."
"I know =) nice to finally meet u!!"
"I'm sorry for all the RTs everyone. I can't enough of #underwater90spunkbands my work day is literally over b/c of it."
"Hahahahaha! RT : You think I'm sassypants now? You shoulda met me when I was that short."
"OH man this NY GB game is crazy close, we know its going into overtime with 58sec.."
"Anyone going to seminar K: The OCLC Research Survey, please tweet up or blog and let me know where to find it! I'm going to Germantown # ..."
"im out"
"-he deserve me; he been putting in time; he deserve me.."
"Umm hello? Can we get the party started (:"
"England's gardening shows got me through 2003."
"My students did the wave when I walked into class today. Jealous? Yes. You are."
"Happy birthday and :3"
"Oh man...sorry! I should have said an anonymous IndyCar source close to the situation is makin' jokes. My bad."
"Glad to have you at our hotel! Feel free to follow/comment back during your visit."
"not as bad as you I'm very nice :)"
"Amen! Esp educators- isn't SM just a virtual form of outreach?"
"Y'all should bring Noah's Arc back"
"is registration still open?"
"RT : Takeaways: Leverage everything. Always Ask. Work Together. Do something remarkable."
"i didnt get my hair wet at all when it airdrys it looks like a dogs tail."
"you need an otterbox for your phone..."
"True. Having kids to save a bad marriage is *bad.* But having kids can make a good marriage better."
"I see Devon Still up there and all I can do is Pray Phils knows our History with Penn State."
"S/O to DOCTOR'S who tell's em how you FEEL???"
"GM to all!"
"Time to move on, time to get going. What lies ahead I have no way of knowing. But under my feet, baby, grass is growing. -"
"wink wink"
"thanks hot chocolate!"
"Good or bad point in your life when Activia commercials turn you on?"
"rise n shine people!"
"I don't think they make those in any other color besides black at least I haven't seen any!!!"
"Mhmmm(: that's what I thought! How was yours?!"
"aren't there elves that cobble shoes? Was I misled as a child?"
"You can't depend on your judgement when your imagination is out of focus ~ Mark Twain"
"Taking my little girl to get her hair cut off. Wish me luck."
"its sold out :'( i was going to travel to see you guys worst nightmare"
"Two new business development managers starting this week! Things are looking good for 2010!"
"Who makes Tumblr layouts?? Contact me PLEASE.."
"sounds good to me too - .01% transaction tax will shut down European markets and drive people to US financial markets"
"“: Anybody go to brew city?” everybody did."
"follow me please? :)"
"I was at work at 6:30am. Chasing papers."
"Officially an iPad owner. Typing is a little harder than I expected."
"Got some sun today👍"
"there a practice today? still working on eval. for JT? is he still taking contact?"
"Potential to have review posted on book's website and social media pages. If interested, DM me and will get you more info."
"so u really got out the car to take that pic"
"it's okay! I gotcha! I'd be mad if I was working with joe."
"I would rather be fat and ugly than be skinny and pretty and be an ass like you."
"haha like always."
"I remember now. It's been a while since I saw that movie. It was pretty cute, if I recall."
": & ur absolutely right :) *holds head up high* lol"
"ps. See you tonight. Love,"
"omg that just made my life"
"Hello everybody!"
"This day just keeps gettin better and better!"
"awesome show tonight, woth the wait; thoughts going out to all of you on what I'm sure was a tough day"
"really? Because I picture him in his garage reading books about gnomes and bleeding from the anus."
"Come on! RT glad to have you here:) Let me know when we can grab breakfast. Can't wait to show you"
"If you discover that your partner is talking negatively outside home, realize something is very wrong. Usually at home."
"Off to this hell hole called school."
"We have 2 brand new songs for you guys! One is heavier and the other is a soft one. Can't wait till you guys can hear."
"Please email me at . Looking for Robert N. & Mary Bruckstein"
"Superintendent Sherman names John C. Baker as lead psychologist."
"the only cure for too much coffee is more coffee. Or does that only work with booze and hangovers?"
"Hows the fam!? Thanks for following me Cynthia. I appreciate it. Can't wait for new music D!"
"apparently now it's mr worldwide..."
"Long Live Random."
"Celebrate #EarthDay early with a Green Team Tour. Saturday at either 12:30 or 2:30 p.m. take a 30 minute tour of the Nature Museum facility!"
"Happy to see is joining us for MiniMeet!"
"Headed to Tokyo to hit at the Cotton Club 2morrow w/ & Looking forward 2 it"
"easy does it. Lol. Not all of them in the county but 90%"
"its sad how i look on facebook and guys are starting to do that duck face pose."
"We had a great weekend in South Texas! Ready to play in Tyler, TX this weekend!"
"Anyone read Down Detour Road: an architect in search of practice? Any recommendations on good architectural reads?"
"I hate my old stuff, it's beyond cheesy and it's so freshman year"
"What's your primary trigger? RT : Power. Passion. Mystique. Prestige. Alarm. Rebellion. Trust. 7 triggers of fascination"
"“: Hahah has a 7 hour layover in houston going to mexico #coldworld” hey mane idgaf 😊"
"i need a break!!"
"99% of the time I'm sarcastic. This was not one of them."
"A BIG THANKS to #LPGA Pros , , and for yesterdays great clinic for the First Tee of Portland!"
"Tomorrow im going to be studying biology a whole bunch on my free time.!"
"Vikings should trade back to 5. Bucs move ahead of Cleveland to get Richardson, and Vikings can still get their guy Claiborne at 5."
"Go to to get some great moccasins & moccasin booties! Wear the booties with shorts, skirt, or dress...So cute :)"
"Perfect ending... got in my car at the airport Biggie's \"One More Chance\" blasting.. Thx u 101.1 for taking me back!"
"my new background>>>"
"I know!! He really is. I want to hug him too! Lol"
"Bront Bird has a moped! can you say coolest football player ever?!"
"Can't wait to move out of Memphis!!"
"NME Pub Challenge broke me. Find out who won in the Xmas issue. Two contestants drank eight shots of Jaegermeister at once. Repulsive."
"who do the very same thing b get no penalty. Bottom line, kids get 1 yr scholarships; if coaches can move on freely so should they"
"New Menu day! Come check out one of the three specials, grassfed beef True Blue, brown butter rabbit \"Mayflower\", or B veggie \"MAYDAY!\""
"I love that the Streamline grand prize winner wanted a Hot Topic gift card. Go YA!"
"Nice work - what'd you think of the course?"
"also I'm not the other"
"Heh. Me too. First lawn I've mowed in years. Actually, I taught Sarah how to mow. Good skill for a 12-year-old. :-)"
"Who wants to hangout downtown Portland tomorrow?"
"Walk into Front Page randomly w friends from Athens and decide to play trivia on a whim. Win. Awesome night"
"Heading home after a great weekend and successful leadership training."
"oh my god is that an reference"
"I need more followers"
"I'm came on his balls."
"Do U luv all the fresh prepared foods ? Good news the Carmel Winter Market will open Saturday Nov 19th thru May at the New City Center"
"Happy late mothers day!"
"I always understood the bible is up for you own interpretation, but the more I read it, the more I realize that is very wrong. It's blatant."
"Easter plans ? wait what ? Easter is a pain ? lmfao"
"If that was my mustang in that wreck I would be pissed"
"Everyday on my grind"
"Will be watching from the US. It's 6 a.m. here on the east coast!"
"Thanks for your help!!!"
"At the Padres game again tonight thanks to Kevin Leap! Go pads! It's not going well so far though."
"Across the board with and its instagram. For it's twitter"
"Thanks Sid! : Media Production Movers"
"Do u ever wana to figure out peoples tweets ?"
"Not 50. That doesn't even exist."
"Thanks for good conversation today. Look forward to working with you on upcoming #Fulbright social media projects."
"Are they coming to New York? I will so go with you!!"
"I feel the same way steven, but just try to keep your head up =] good things will come after the storm i promise =D"
"Data Center Jobs: Thomson Reuters - Data Center Knowledge"
"The unexamined life is not worth living to a human."
"Lott puts Karen Carpenter next to Theodore Adorno as denizens of LA... OK?!"
"Trade info for was first reported by \"the man\" No one is closer to that team."
"Thanks for the #FF!"
"Mapping out the Big Blue Ticker Tape parade. Go"
"Kate Grace Physical Therapy is now ready to tweet!"
"very nice"
"U Ready? RT R"
"Overworked? Capps (4 days rest) Burton (2 days rest). Haven't had leads. He's Scott Diamond not Nolan Ryan!"
"Lee: Neither did we. Thanks brother!"
"#Derby or #CincodeMayo ? How will you define your Saturday #DC?"
"already!:D"
"Shout out to for literally shooting a three in my face"
"I guess this is the end of the Pats-Colts rivalry..After all it was mostly Brady-Manning.."
"Can't believe I'm missing the ScreenBurn party. And #sxsw in general."
"up early getting ready for this graduation!!"
"#20ThingsAboutMe ; I try my best to text a couple people every morning to tell them they're beautiful."
"Happy Wednesday! Do something good just because and thank a teacher while you're at it."
"Trust me, it ends. I wear a 16. The current, stylish choices are gone within 2-3 days & for 2-3 months lesser shoes sit."
"Rand Paul: Complains about the 1000 pages of #ESEA amendments. Doesn't mention that most of those pages of amendments are HIS!"
"one should always be posative"
"out w. my bby :) .. he always put a smile on my face"
"in response, new topic ** how to get more teachers on board with twitter and tech in general?"
"Congrats on your new role as President!"
"Happy birthday Brian"
"I'm so funny man"
"“: God knows everything about u! He's involved & cares! (The Lord will make perfect that which concerns me.) Psalm 138:8” yes!!"
"The final show of Hairspray is tonight :( I'm really sad it's ending :("
"I'm convinced Romney's candidacy is performance art. There's simply no way a person can be that dense."
";) otherwise known as sideways smiley face wink"
"kameron loe on inactive list for grandfathers funeral."
"Baby boy you can't even keep up come on now ."
"If I'm going to have this end of the school year rave I need to start planning"
"be careful megabus drivers like to party. \"MegaBus Driver Charged With Repeat DUI While On Duty\" dlvr.it/s31dn"
"I probably bought you your first beer.."
"How can I have an unread sent e-mail in my sent e-mails folder?"
"when aree u free, girl?!?!?"
"Coming soon: Dr. Squicktopus, Squirth Vader, Luke Squiwalker, and maybe, just maybe Squinom (but Venom is super hard)"
"I don't think there's any point in continuing this conversation. Some people just want to be obstinate."
"RT : ReTweet for a chance to win 2 #FREE VIP tickets to the event on May 11th - $350 value"
"I wish I had somewhere to go or someone to talk to summer 2012 woo.."
"What? I thought you had two brains and four arms. Thanks for visiting!"
"Ever wonder why private pilates classes are so expensive? $45 per class @ EVBS! Pay per class! Certified, experienced instructors!"
"already have done all those scrub"
"praying for you, my friend."
"Dale Sveum a Cub / Theo Epstein makes his mark / will Prince soon follow?"
"OK, I'm in — and is officially out on the town!"
"Your steak aint no hipper than my pork chop.Your champagne aint no hipper than my soda pop. said it all when he said it."
"Haha yes I have been putting together a tentative menu...send some recipes my way and we can always add, cannot wait!"
"Galileo's Dream, by Kim Stanley Robinson."
"follow on instagram"
"Each family has a different need. Some might require a home visit just a few hours a week,others may need a more intense level of homecare"
"Come to Boston:("
"We are going on a dinner adventure Friday and are taking suggestions for places for red meat and non red meat eaters! Tweet us your picks!"
"No. Not a Chinese heart attack. A sinus infection."
"someone sponsor the special moments in my life. listing would read \" this special moment brought to you by__your name___\". It's that easy!"
"🙌 RT : disagree.... Always pays my g! Remember that when they forget that ✊"
"what's up Katie? Long time no anything...hope all is well. Teach me how to twitter;-)"
"THAT IS SO TRUE"
"the name is a surprise though;-)"
"Love you back sexy!!!"
"Tigers bats better wake up!"
"Mom - physical medical Sister - Mental/diagnostic medical me - emotional because you can't tell what a person is saying if they're crying."
"Predictive analytics can predict future behavior but only accurate in aggregate like for community, not for individuals"
"ndependent artists can now afford to have your music mixed by a top major label mixing engineer - Mix Engineer..."
"WHITNEY HOUSTON TRIBUTE??? WE HOPE SO......."
"BITCH..IM #UVE TILL DA DEAF OF ME!"
"Happy Mothers Day to all the mommies out there! So glad mine made me open minded, empathetic and color-blind!"
"#phdadvice #musicology conference wear in US: suits. In UK & pop music or grad confs: smart casual."
"Big Q from partners/shareholders: How do you know what is being said about our firm? How do we know it's our clients? cc'"
"I love ! I love and even more! I want you guys to win! So inspiring :)"
"hey have u ever herd of the VanDeusen castel?"
"Is so bored right now. I kinda wish i was somewhere else right now."
"hey guys follow my new twitter ! my old account has gotten hacked. go unfollow that one."
"Paradise Buffet for first time wit and Ahhmeeed"
"Hello friends.I'm smoker. And you?Which cigarettes you like to smoke?"
"Is it really that hard to find your seat on an airplane?"
"#TeamGod Every day & every night ❤🙏"
"SWEET! Were doing pretty well for a couple of girls, hey? #hnh2012!!"
"Avoid John Nolen Inbound, Dane Co dispatch tells me there is a multi-vehicle crash causing delays."
"I noticed whenever i take a nap, I always wake up to my sister doing -____- something always has to REALLY bright or REALLY loud >.>"
"Alameda Sheriff Bus on fire-complete with prisoners on board. Couldn't believe my eyes! Finally they started unloading as we passed slowly."
"Oh nos! And is in Ohio now, you can wave at each other from across the state!"
"My sister's babies are now 1 week old!"
"Well I think I found the reason why I'm always the dumpy My heart will always belong to (,= Mood:INLOVED"
"Wow, you are just shopping up a storm today, aren't you? ;-)"
"Noo. Not yet, but the weekend after this next one, I'm going over to the neighborhood that he lives in to meet him. c:"
"Anyone remember when Tom Gugliotta got his barbed wire bicep tattoo? #Bullets? #Timberwolves? #Suns?"
"*yawn*... what-EVER! Don't worry tho, knew y'all were afraid you couldn't keep pace... #Lightweights *yawn*"
"The sun is shinning....the weather is sweet...."
"Studying up a storm."
"nouriel posts a lot does he really have a job"
"cool possible song title: bonus rabbit-butt"
"uhh, Mikey, i just wanted to Know when our Wedding is??"
"Be as you wish to seem"
"out of control ! *xixia voice*."
"I miss so much already :("
"Cancer, of course ;)"
"Hey gurl. You look real good today. But seriously talk to me. I'm bored and lonely. :("
"Relaxing while preparing for the Toastmasters Meeting of the century..."
"If anybody wants to hang out with me today, I get out at ten 'til."
"Bach or Mozart...really?"
"when your dreaming with a broken heart, the waking up is the hardest part."
"Eating an entire rack of babyback ribs >"
"The Youthquake These Days Kisses!"
"Play at your own risk!"
"OR come to Paseo Verde Lib tomorrow @ 10 for Create a Resume using NV Career Information System class. Make the most of this free resource!"
"Peter lamb and the wolves raleigh"
"This is exactly why I need a Wawa."
"Schwinn Tourist Hybrid Bike | Schwinn Road Bikes"
"I be steady getting paper you can call me dunder mifflin"
"My sister told me what you said about me ..."
"RT : Senate begins health care debate today & we want to hear your comments!"
"Thank yous all around to our followers, we reached 400 because of you!! and to for featuring our news tweet!!"
"This \"Gotham City\" mixtape is fickin crazy yall best get ready. END OF OCTOBER"
"It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. - Mabel Newcomber"
"now i feel stupid haha"
"I just testified. Now David Ries: security language impt: not a set it and forget it situation."
"Internet issues kept us from tweeting a lot from the exhibits, but we had a fantastic time at #AWP12. Great to see everyone!"
"go Vulcan, it's cool - sorry, thought you said shape your ears."
"Hitler reference!"
"I adore my husband!! Yeah, I know I talk alot of shit. But I love him so much!!"
"My dude give me too much crap about bein on my phone lol thats the good thing bout him goin home today lol"
"I am in control of my thoughts, everything I want is mine! Not then, but now! I AM! I am in control!!!"
"lol yeah but I always watch his 5/6 one(:"
"RT : OMFG! What a pile of Shit Joe Scarborough is ! just comparing racist shithead George Wallace to President Obama"
"I thought you'd enjoy !"
"I'd like to publicly acknowledge our lead support guru who, even today, was answering QLab questions & helping shows run smoothly."
"In this box of old pictures haha I was looking through them today"
"- Thanks for the RT - you guys get that both are important..."
"Real fathers lead by being a positive example for their children."
": dissonance for users between staticity of web archives and notion of web as ever-changing and dynamic"
"damn I have a huge headache! I haven't had anything to eat at all today :("
"Intern Update: counting googly eyes and little red pom poms for the Summer Reading Program! Also, can now print to copy machine upstairs!"
"Thank u so much for celebrating and supporting us last night! It was so much fun!!!!! Love you like WOAH!!!!"
"THIS--->RT : At the end of the day I can always say I handle my business and nobody can challenge that"
"my friend said i look like a person who would cut their tongue down the middle and pierce both sides."
"Indeed. you have the power of superman and the form of a hot college girl. Also.. 9 days left! :)"
"I would be happy to help."
"apparently i shouldnt be aloud to walk drunk. i really do feel bad about the table. Im pumped noone saw it go down except mike"
"I miss you and all the other SMPS peeps too! Sounds like a good conference. Break a leg tomorrow!"
"Two library-related questions today from Facebook friends in other states. Can I add these to our reference stats?"
"Thank you for your follows! Check us out on Facebook @ Wild West Veterinary Conference! TGIF"
"i want a tattoo so bad"
"Boutta Show Mf's What To Do Wit One Of Beats. 'Cold' Coming Soon!!"
"\"Notting Hill\" just starting on WE will make it a little better."
"I was like \"....WAIT\" hahahahahaha RT : took you long enough to realize it haha"
"Portland Trib on NW Sports Tonight art 8:05..reacting to Blazer win and changes plus Duke"
"I'm following all of the Simpsons now!!!"
": \"You may see my glory, but you don't know my story. Be you!\""
"We've wasted enough time in the past and dreamt enough of the future, it's time to live in the present."
"I will run to the hiding place. (Aka my home in Colorado springs). Great weekend at Shoreline in Monterey, CA"
"Omg here comes the talk -_____-"
"happy birthday bro(: Hope it's a great day:D"
"It's hard to tweet from Afghanistan! Hope to find a better way to make this happen."
"Good Morning Everyone! :-)"
"Who do you think will win the SuperBowl?"
"Nice bulb. How about warranty of this item? With so many LEDs, heat sink is a problem."
"Its #nationalgrouchday lol! I could find something to be grouchy about."
"Happy Mother's Day to all of you special women who've given so much of yourselves to the lives of another!"
"Thanks for the follow! Keep on dreamin' those riffs!"
"you run in those academic/artsy circles, where folks said \"meme\" before \"meme\" was ubiquitous. the rest of us lived fine w/o it."
"Portland, Oregon. 90 degrees and sunny today. Come visit: www.traveloregon.com."
"Every little helps"
"\"Ph\" clearly makes the \"F\" sound so why would you spell Ste'ph'en & not Ste'v'en?"
"don't get them in trouble they are a nationally dry house! haha"
"Choosing to stand instead of taking the open seat right next to someone on the bus."
"1 more hour"
"Really digging Seven Steps to Heaven this week."
"Mass street is currently a pedestrian mall as KU celebrates a Final Four appearance."
"Venturing out to get some little caesar's.....the only place in these parts of Brooklyn where I can get food. Lolz"
"dammit Tom, don't you EVER confuse those two again."
"r.i.p. Jimmy Castor"
"S/O to my new follower"
"and here we are, MONTHS later. Unreal. Where is the justice..."
"7 Things Your Blog's Sidebar Can't Live Without"
"CAPS win! CAPS win!"
"Why am I even awake?"
"Shout out to the RocLyfe Ent. design team...they have continued to do a wonderful job building the look for the company!!"
"Rave Run. Blistered the streets of Phoenix for 10 miles of #urbanrun excitement."
"I bow to your supreme wit...!"
"Buy my new hit single \"No One Curr feat \" now on iTunes."
"Am now! Thanks!"
"yessirr! Stepping it up on recruiting!"
"We couldn't agree more!"
"haha pirates and ninjas are just brothers from a different mother and they don't know it...lol"
"who are you exactly?"
"My freakin Chest just got stuck in a shirt wtf my chest is not dat big enough to get suck where the shirt doesn't go over them.smh"
"She was way too fly for me, so we ate up on the top floor, hoping all this altitude would impress her even more!"
"later dude!!!"
"Bahahahahaha. Thanks. Got a hotel and no outside porch furniture. :)"
"I'm using the return leg so not yet."
"no, unfortunately. that's a mistake in the listing."
"my auntie is here :))"
"thanks, guys. It is -- as the kids these days say -- bad curatin'."
"would've looked good with Sutro filter."
"I got to go ttyl"
"quit posting long tweets im too LAZY"
"And incredibly nostalgic. \": Back in the beautiful northwest...my home. Rain is calming\""
"boy bye you late."
"since when do paramedics \"clean up\" someone and not bandage wounds or abrasions?"
"what building are you in?"
"MT Nice to see you using the #strugglebus hashtag created in"
"Bob Seger at the Toyota Center. Great Show!"
"awe. that is so sweet"
"Thanks! Here's to simulcast. Helpful."
"Happy Friday! #FF Have a great weekend!"
"thanks just tweet her saying I sent yu"
"Was going to say, true of ASECS in general, academia in general--though perhaps DH is even worse?"
"Good luck to all of you running tomorrow! P.s. you should be sleeping!"
"GOING TO INDIANA BEACH W/FAM&FRIENDS 2MORROW!!! I am so pysched!!! Its like Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk in Cali, only BIGGER. So awesome!"
"Thanks for your help."
"im following everyone u tell me to but u dont follow meeh what the hello kitty"
"Things are now look fuzzy but somethings needs to clear up."
"but we got to keep striving to be better always..."
"Some kind of liberal hippie \"school should be free\" thing in UN commons."
"Bald head is a cut u can do at home y pay for it in a shop"
"aye, the signing of the emancipation proclamation should be a holiday!"
"Tatoo party going down tonight @ S in Fayetteville, nc.4939 Bragg Blvd. After party @ king of diamonds 7043 cliffdale rd doors open @ 2 am"
"Listening to Take Me Home by Bone Thugs and Phil Collins at the Light Rail stop in Lutherville really hoping I do get home soon!"
"Having high-pressure water hose related revenge fantasies about those setting off fireworks outside my window."
"aren't u calling this a little early? Cincy still working on being"
"Getting ready to announce details about the return of CreateBaltimore: Jan. 21 at Stay tuned!"
"15 mins to #Ingov SOTS address and the Dem side is pretty thin. Interesting day in Indy."
"I'm wearing my least favorite jeans tonight."
"if you find some and run out of pocket space do let me know. I got pockets!"
"“: Why would any grown man wear skinny jeans?” It's one of the great mysteries of life right up with Crocs and Snuggies."
"Nice to hear from you! I guess multi-tasking s a \"survival trait\" these days."
"Thanks 4 the follow.Have a nice weekend."
"Not sure I follow you. ALL I want to do is \"manage content\". #Drupal was represented to me as an easy way to do that."
"Is there a #Linux cmd to get the L1, L2 #cache size, number of virtual #cores, and the level of #SSE support of a #CPU? Not in /proc/cpuinfo"
"I'm so fucking lost. I hate this feeling."
"The person you are thinking of is also thinking of you"
"challenge accepted."
"Did anyone who went to high school with happen to vote him \"most likely to not text back when asked a question\"? Haha."
"For a minute there I thought you were whipping your hair around McDonald's in a state of inspiration."
"The winners were chosen by our Facebook fans. They voted for the photos they liked best."
"Fuck you 'Pal'."
"While you are on the topic - I just started watching & am a fan of Mr. Bates too! He is humble & proud, I respect that."
"Why, thank you!"
"Cold tonight as lows will be in the low to mid 20's. What snow that is left tomorrow will disappear as temps will be mid 50's. Sun returns."
"So fun at #peterdunham 's party. Beautiful products...fabrics...people"
"for real? i thought you didnt like hardcore music. the lyrics are whats the best"
"- No, you are not alone Beth! LOL! I obviously have a thing for office supplies too! :)"
"13 Days left till Mother's Day!!!! We have some great ways on how to THANK MOM!!"
"good to hear you are back."
"yes you will haha."
"Lights & sirens in the airport. #badnews No it was not my fault."
"that's a lot of pressure, dude"
"Shout out to Haz solo and High 5 collective. These cats are dope! Bottom line"
"“: it's okay princess.” I feel like going off on Shane in Romani. Or Russian. Or Spanish. Loudly. *sigh* Rude."
"When LaBrocca scores a GK chip, I wanna see same adulation RT : Simon Borg spent first 45 mins comparing Messi to Nick LaBrocca."
"Early start to get my hair chopped off by !"
"In light of the prevalence of photo manipulation today, people peddling their wares with before and after photos, I have 2 say...Seriously?"
"On my way to Kroger to get snacks for"
"Live interview with My Press Needs and Printers Marketplace Today @ 11:00am EST on Twitter"
"yes ima sleep now haha night"
"excessive posting gets an unfollow."
"I dunno man. Taylor Swift was pretty terrible a few years back. I didn't see Lindsay Lohan last night though."
"thoughts in tannehill?"
"just grow up lol it's like arguing with a two year old, worry about graduating and not a dress that doesn't look like you"
"Oo La La! Enjoy your goody bag !"
"haha that's awesome!!"
"that's thing bout an event surrounding a hotel room instead o an activity. I bet the community will return 4 breakfast."
"I will step out of my \"comfort zone\" and reach toward several new beginnings! Some times it is scarey :) but I will reach anyway! GoXtreme!"
"Exactly. I've been a subscriber since they started, and it seems the redesigns happen much more often than in the '90s"
"Anyone have any luck unlocking the resurrected \"Hangover\" badge?"
"After spending hours doing research 4 logo designs, I am well overdue 4 food!"
"Bummer. How's the internship going?"
"I need to go to bath and body works, I've lost all of my mini bottles."
"And no one offered you vodka?"
"'s \"disintermediation\" slide at #AAUP11 has me rereading the anthros of mediation: , W. Mazzarella, , etc."
"You can never get back what you choose to throw away.(DEP)"
"what the hell are you tweeting about"
"Sometimes I want to 🔫 these nxggas"
"Huge thank you to Katie, Nicole, & everyone that donated on behalf of the OMGs! That much closer to World Finals!"
"Downtown Indy crowds: Try Mass Ave or Fountain Square for fun without the crowd."
"If you get a chance check out the new time line version of our Desert BMW of Henderson \"Like\" page on Facebook."
"You can never earn in the outside world more than you earn in your own mind - Anna Williams"
"If you haven’t already, like our Facebook page to get more CCTS updates and helpful nonprofit tech tips."
"Ugh...sorry to hear it :("
"Happy Birthday to the worlds best sister !! Love ya, have a great day!!"
"I came too far to lose!!!!!!"
"Just get off the floor Boozer."
"I want a review girl!!! lol BE SAFE!!!"
"Who in their right mind doesn't love pasta?"
"Even more impressive with the heat!"
"It’s funny how you can always tell when a boy likes someone else, but you can never tell if he likes you."
"Congratulations to my cousin and her husband on the birth of their baby girl, Gwenyth Lynn!"
"The fair is happening. Some have tickets. Some make new festivities. Some cannot pay the fare. But it is fair? I wonder what part to play."
"Help us out and come to www.facebook.com/teasatia and vote for your favorite type of tea."
"#ConfessionTime i think Michael Cera is hot..."
"Try not do or do not."
"Please be a joke, please be a lie."
"I am a great Inventor and you are a great Producer we should do something with greatnes."
"haha...i will admit they're good until john invites"
"Not always, many have program backgrounds. RT : A4: ...boards are made up of a bunch of skills-based volunteers."
"celebrity sex tape!"
"Happy Sunday everyone! What do you all have planned for this week?"
"talk about bein bunny boy!!!!"
"Good Day .... Now to the Matter @ hand >>>>> <<<<<LIAR LIAR ...... Please step down for your own sake YOU FUCKING SUCK .. WEINER"
"Ready to go"
"Another good weekend gone in the blink of a eye, smh -,-"
"Feliz Navidad Naya! Hope you have a wonderful day!!"
"Wish you were here..."
"anybody who doesn't listen to Coheed and Cambria should really question the music they listen to."
"Solon When I give a minister an order, I leave it to him to find the means to carry it out"
"I fell out of interest for Twitter because I'm not satisfied with the Droid applications"
"thnx for following me back :)"
"All packed for Louisville. Looking forward to the Jazz Educators Network conference."
"My story is I was bullied and rejected and wanted to end my life but I fought so hard to overcome and survive .Sad day but I am sure CONT"
"Leadership - The power is detested, and miserable the life, of him who wishes to be feared rather than to be loved."
"I'm loving this whole #Christmas thing!My family has a beautiful tree, wreaths & twinkly lights! What's your favorite thing about Christmas?"
"nothing you are just too funny."
"Beats > Acoustic songs"
"Flipping through channels. Came across a documentary titled \"Shania Twain: a story in..wait what is a shania twain?\""
"; feelinn' like throwin' out some of my #bitchmove s today.. Today's gonna be a good day (:"
"#prayforjapan Stay Strong and God Bless!"
"feel better! so worth it, ya look hot"
"“: That's great news!! Heard the guy was evading the cops?” He was indeed"
"Thanks, buddy; I pillaged your followers"
"I'm not exactly a poster girl for healthy living"
"Haha, thanks for all he quick thoughts. I panic before I click accept on big trades. Upton was dealt"
"watching it!!!"
"What do you prefer: Black Friday or Cyber Monday?"
"But i guess it's a moot point because everything in his bibliography is from a Japanese journal."
"Seriously, does anyone know how to make un-terrible again? Any tips welcomed."
"Midnight trip to kroger for xmas tree cakes, el fudge, random pops, and donuts"
"WHAT IS THAT?"
"As/also important: only a month till Great Oyster Feast - The Sequel. But less to prepare for that of course!"
"Ok.that was funny."
"you been holding on for too long...just let go ."
"No women needs a man that doesn't need her."
"Your boyfriends at my house"
"lol ok then."
"Don’t quit because something went wrong. Quit because you tried your hardest and nothing made it better."
"Ugh that mean I got to get up and go to the store...... Im fat ugh"
"SO NICE ON HOME ICE"
"#history #museum #historical Wednesday History Quote – “Nuts” – General McAuliffe at the Battle of the Bulge – 1944."
"RT : RT : ...“Design-Bid-Build” should be re-titled “Design-Bid-Rebid-VE-Rebid Again-Slam Together”"
"The thought of checkers fries got my mouth watering"
"Happy Hour Time"
"thanks man. How's everything going? I'm training again for a 15k marathon on Dec. 17 @ Central Park."
"I would love to see what is on your journey film"
"Its gonna be a good day. <3"
"Im leaving for a while i love u all but today at 8:10 this morn my sister Annabell rose Lizeal died"
"go macbook pro, I just did, should have switched years ago."
"Boxwire #SmallBiz Tip: It's better to have bad news that's true, then good news that's just made up."
"Lets go"
"coffee/tea or something next week?"
"If it ain't one thing it's another!"
"My son was willing to sit in his stuff forever. My darling girl squeals like a pig as soon as she's the least bit wet or dirty."
"New addition to the #SOTU #Seattle #wadem drinking game rules: When Obama says \"sputnik\" drink one sip!"
"like the QR Codes in Rembrandt gallery. Are people using them?"
"hello wanna chat?"
"I believe Mr. Goodell will drop one harsh punishment on the saints that will hurt them for years to come."
"My heart is so set on these plans working out..."
"Well I have two more days of finals then I'm off to Cabo for a week then to abbot a movie followed by my first personal training session ;)"
"a loss to Chaminade will do that. I know it wasn't Chaminade, but I need to pretend it was at least a school I had heard of previously"
"RT It's Wine Wednesday at Pintxo. $10 off bottles!"
"I loovveee how my mommy coupons!"
"yeah it's so difficult.. Are we gonna grind? (;"
"Just had a very product meeting, EsJay is making moves!"
"Can't listen to faded anymore now because of -___-"
"I think that you shouldn't retired. My suggestion you drop to 185lbs. I think that you will be amazing at 185lbs division."
"People above me must love Jason Mraz's \"I'm Yours\" bc they are listening to it on repeat... and the bass is turned up."
"If anyone has the ability to get me 20 virus cleanings a day, I will give you $200 a day ;)"
"Ovation Award for HR Excellence - Mid-Size Employer - Halifax Regional Medical Center"
"RT :A mock tornado warning will sound in MKE 1pm today for Tornado & Severe Weather Awareness Week.Do you have a safety plan?"
"#keepyourmouthshut if your with a croud of weed smokers and its your first time smoking weed youll be embarrassed"
";O statistics Defending your Home With an Airsoft Gun"
"Master MySQL in the Amazon Cloud"
"Nice! What techniques did you work today? Any sparring?"
"Thanks for the #FF recommendation! I appreciate it."
"When a guy goes to a hooker, he's not paying her for sex, he's paying her to leave."
"John Mayer what is your problem?! I'm glad I never bought one of his cheezy albums. Jen is way to good for him."
"Featured line of the week is Charm it! By High IntenCity. Come to the store to check it out!"
"Eating a banana 🐒"
"of course!;)"
"My work computer is making my job impossible. I am very tempted to kick it."
"gods good!!!"
"bullets to your heart"
"L.A. Kings won!"
"Everytime I text a girl there always doing \"Nothing Much\". They could be building a bomb but would still say \"nothing much\""
"Wonderful! Many thanks... we love getting new resources!"
"here he goes again! I can't wait to check out the new Dallas!!!! (Gonna steal them from Jas ASAP!)"
"He mad the actress Lebron is getting all these calls. You would be mad too."
"I will for sure! I love you."
"but its beautiful *innocent little girl voice*"
"School uniforms next year? Thanks Brian."
"this weekend I believe actually!! Ha and this is my last week of school too!! Ha"
"Please and thank you :) Thursday?"
"Let's hear it my fashion dolls, who are your favorite designers?"
"pizza and fish sounds disgusting"
"Talk to Meh, I'm a doctor xD"
"There are 5 warhols on the wall on this crib. I might be fanning out"
"When the po po ran up on me & Mexico . Swear I ain't never ran that fast befo! Take a 2 liter & fill it up with codeine !"
"I made a promise, that i would never fuck up having you in my life."
"the haunting aroma of popcorn you smell in the #twoffice was me. I did it on purpose. Get poppin!"
"School. Work. Sleep. Repeat."
"oh I know lol"
"Can't wait for The Amazing Spiderman. I think Spiderman is my favorite super hero."
"#Nowplaying Roll One Up; ASAP Rocky :3"
"You could say it, uh, builds character? LOL"
"made it through Eat. that was enough."
"'Go where there is no path and leave a trail' Develop YOUR leadership skills with Motivos, Saturday 4/28, 8:15 AM-6. We'll head to WCU. RSVP"
"so do I get an orchid????"
"congrats, that is always great and exciting news!"
"It's a rainy crappy day and the kitties are going wild"
"special thanks to all my new followers"
"oh yay work."
"I won't stop until I'm numb, telling myself the night is young."
"thanks man."
"How annoying!"
"#SheriffGarcia eating major crow, This is an embarassment for Garcia”and Guthrie will remove him November. Bye bye Garcia. Pack"
"Ok We for real need to get this #Cincinnatitude going NOW!"
"CONGRATS AND MANY BLESSINGS TO YOU."
"Great question! It hasn't registered elevators as stairs. Hmm, now I'm curious: how does it know?"
"very impressed with how focused our students are when working on a task:laughing, chatting, talking mostly in Chinese"
"Research is formalized curiosity. It is poking and prying with a purpose.—Zora Neale Hurston"
"You're a genius. But Little Stevie is too good for that show, right?"
"Just walking through #FCE warehouse. 250k meals loading for kids in #Ghana. Heart warming!"
"'Abducting the Future for Success' SU Theater 3:30 pm Oct 2nd. *FREE!*"
"lol its all good its your track, Dope Release"
"the one time i get hungry is when theres nothing to eat"
"No Ray Allen again, hmm. Got to figure he's coming in for this side out. Also, Doc really putting a lot of trust in Hollins."
"I kant wait to see my girl tonight"
"This must be that \"Kevin Brown\" stuff the Brewers were talking about 10 years ago"
"1300 feminists are getting all Studio 54 with Gloria Gaynor at the 2nd World Conf of Women's Shelters"
"#Superstarent making moves concerts commin soon!"
"you better be at the new Albany classic!it won't be the same without your awesomeness your the only reason I'm going:)<3"
"If she doesn't like hockey, dump and change"
"Dun dun dun. Will landing strip be joining you?"
"have a happy, healthy week!"
"Well, I have been a user since version 1. I really don't have any problems with it..."
"\"Either write something worth READING, or do something worth writing,\" - B. Franklin. Reading leads to independence."
"Words said in a Twitter Battle ~ RETWEET...RETWEET!!"
"Bout to watch da movie it"
"RT : Want the buzz on Adult titles #TXLA12? Come to Book Buzz in Rm 340 AB 10:00 am. Hear from"
"Its awesome when people, especially young ones, feel comfortable enough to make RMHC their home. Great Job!"
"you're making me miss DC so much right now. i love the monuments!!"
"I'm glad I'm Bout my money n can't nobody Tell me diff. Oml"
"�Borracho! I think that means drunk. My spanish aint what it use to be. :/ but ne ways"
"The refs are trying to make an easy game for the Miami heat they are calling everything on the NY Knicks i guess when u have refs on ur side"
"Love is giving abundantly and selflessly... Love is sharing a slice of pizza under the pouring rain :) Thanks to"
"Watching the season premiere of TRUE BLOOD with family and friends!!! We we we so EXCITED!! XD"
"Perfect arctic day in MN. Too bad I'm a cold weather wuss, and happy to be heading back to Colorado!"
"CC is as cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce"
"An update on what your favorite alpha has been up to: Westchester boys are so D2M along with Leesh and Kuh-laire and Westchester in general."
"Have you seen the intro to RuPaul's DragU? It's all unicorns, rainbows, and flying dolphins with drag queens riding on them."
"People overwhelmingly prefer \"animated\" slideshows over actual video. Better quality, bigger images."
"Show today! I'm nervous =0RT RT : If feels like people don't start caring until you give up."
"RT : This is more a chance to demonstrate production car capability. RT : Why open road racing?"
"#Didyouknow an area of the Suns surface to the equivalent of a postage stamp would shine with the brightness of over 1,500,000 candles"
"hahahaha top flight security!"
"I can say that my experience in selecting and reading the Baker books on my iPad have been both successful and intuitively easy. - Robert P."
"We have to reorganize our libraries to help with last minute work practices!"
"Good game #Nuggets! Nobody ever won all of em! Come back hard Tuesday!"
"I was introduced to the magic of at SXSW. Now I need more!"
"I think you're pretty without any makeup on."
"Apparently the other candidates are making calls attacking We'll take that as a compliment."
"DeSean, I'm thinking about getting into entertainment. Is it fun to be famous?"
"Who's offensive coordinator for Rams? Play calling isn't fooling anybody. SL pressure on defense has been great so far. But will they score?"
"Two more till 100 ! So cool you guys are the best !"
"Happy Friday!"
"RT“ I don't get why they call it a \"funny bone\" when you hit it, its not funny at all.”"
"nothing to add just wanted to say that your tweet game has been unreal good lately and i wish we were bros, bro"
"Just found out the dad"
"Ah Kelly clarkson"
"How to Lose or Gain Weight Blood Sugar Tips Psychetruth Weight Loss amp Nutrition Information - nutrition facts"
"on your way down south for the chili cook off!"
"Will do so today - in short though, great event!"
"I just made Damien stop the radio station because 1D was playing -_-"
"MF Doom(vats of urine)Elzhi(colors)Organized Konfusion(Equinox)JeanGrae(Taco Day)Phonte(Charity Starts at Home"
"if you were Ginseng on '97..."
"Trey Songz for unintentionally funny lyrics FTW!!! Agh ... no more sushi places that play slow jams!!! Tipsy+Fish+Slow Jams= squeaky giggles"
"“: Happy Birthday Austin!!😄” thanks!😄"
"whatever you care!!!!!! Stop fronting lol"
"#3WordsForYou Just be yourself. (:"
"RT : You go to every single Packer playoff game, Super Bowl, and now the SI Swimsuit models. Teach Me How To Behnke."
"Colt 45 and 2 zig zags, baby that's all we need"
"YW! Really excited about our stay at your Grapevine location next week!"
"If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. ~Henry Ford"
"agreed. good focus. 10 more to go."
"I have 2 long haired chihuahuas. Ginger and Jesse. They are the best!!!!"
"You rock. It's much harder to get folks to show up when the weather's nice! Last week's didn't even sell out! :O"
"In 26 minutes I found a tenant to sublet my apt in west village #newyorkminute wow"
"Thank You! I hope to have shirts made within the next month. I will let everyone know =)"
"me to ima guy and i love tht show"
"Not tlking abt story so much as Dems falling over selves apologizing instead of pointing out ~95% of SAHmoms worked before"
"oh my god legit loved that song! & still do hahah"
"Congrats! #350 #1sky together and tough. Pass it on"
"make up sex is the best! <3"
"Tat my Fukin name On u So i know its Real... ayee"
"Hahahaha some things just never change at PHS"
"Im glad NBC and Chevy still aired the 2012 commercial."
"“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.” A.Schweitzer"
"Tomorrow's magic number 42. Which is also the answer to life the universe and everything."
"We formed a great partnership with in Seattle - that's how it started! Email us for more info."
"ha that's almost exactly where I am too. Fitness level > scale numbers"
"Yeah sure"
"\": It's time to get my number changed ..\""
"Now would probably be a good time to get out of bed."
"so fucked for this test its disguisting"
"Your not a man,your just a boy that shaves &you put on a good cover.Cus if you dont respect her when she says no You certainly dont love her"
"But 30 duplicates in that size a sample seems avoidable, no? Wouldn't the campaign do a sample and notice the problem?"
"Super excited for #shameless tonight"
"Museum day! :)"
"Speaking of BKLYN... Are you going to be hitting up any games there?"
"We all find inspiration in different places, where does yours come from?"
"Goodnight from Paris ! #I'm not tired !"
"“: Blessed to see another day. 🙏”"
"If you enjoy christian music, you should check us out!"
"Ok yeah, I've got a manly right wing-esque man crush on West-ie too! LOL"
"Going to Lake this weekend:)"
"I think that means we are trained. Uh oh."
"Reminder: next Bloody Brunch is 2/21 at ! Twtvite later today! :)"
"Today's writing tip: Your reader will forgive you if your story doesn't have a happy ending."
"not in n good mood"
"You know when you have to wake up early and you're paranoid you're going to oversleep...so you don't sleep at all? Yeah, like that."
"good luck, a huge step"
"You're not intimidating... like at all... You fail, and suck at life... take that \"gun\" you have and Kurt Cobain yourself"
"10 Facebook Tips.. Dont poke people.. like who the fuck does that?"
"Totally zoning to Antlers right now! I love this shit!"
"Back to this grind tho"
"As begins, she frames gaming in terms of ethical responsibility. And Peter Parker."
"Oh u put #teamfollowback on every tweet, thay doesnt make u look deaperate for followers at all..."
"\"It's rare that I interview people that I don't talk to....a conversation begets a conversation\"...well said paul"
"We'll be closed #StPattysDay #Chicago but don't miss out on 3rd Annual 'Party on the Patio\""
"thanks for letting me know about this! STOP KONY!"
"Storylines in Mad Men presently set during Hansberry's life. Interesting to discuss what historical, social & cultural events & mores put in"
"I love you, Ur amazing. Keep doing what your doing :)"
"Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control."
"Seems like the disciplines already lend themselves to the \"new\" & \"fancy\" Common Core lingo/requirements."
"Negative tweet about Nickelbacks halftime show."
"Been far away for far too log"
"After all, it's heavily based on a vehicle that Inside Line has praised time and again"
"We're having A Weekend of Savings throughout the mall with special offers at participating stores. It's all happening October 7-9."
"i mostly dont get any ."
"Let's go play some handball"
"#ILovePeopleThat tell the truth from jump. No BS, no games."
"is in search of a cup of coffee the size of her head."
"oh. Hahaha. My bad! I thought you were driving!"
"oh glory saturday...thank god is saturday....xD have a wonderfull day!!"
"Can't wait!"
"hey follow back ? :)"
"we'll send it along shortly! :)"
"Self-promotion is fine, promotion of others will have greater rewards! (And yes, of course)"
"I want this to be my tweet at 11 tonight! ---- : Flyers, Phillies, Union all win! It's a Philadelphia night!"
"Rangers are ahead. I has a happy."
"Leggoo Most Wanted Crew"
"everyone's complaining about niall growing out his hair...i think it'll be so hot"
"I hate not being able to sleep!"
"No one in all of human history has gotten obese on steak."
"SOME not ALL."
"I am too! I finished the simulator now I'm just waiting to hear back!"
"“I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends"
"How do you pick a pineapple?"
"The 6 o'clock neighbor is cutting her grass...and the mower sounds sickly."
"Come check out the new shot girl tonight she has free shots"
"Aggravated, when people want to control you or try to get your attention #NotWorthMyTime bye ;)"
"comin to the show tomorrow?!"
"Actually, it is my daydreaming about the party on Labor Day. You will probably be there..."
"Yes... He eats it on his burgers all the time & it's on the bun ;-)"
"Close - the major mismatch is that wears a tie - have you ever seen me wear a tie?"
"That kid's grandpa looks like Kajagoogoo!"
"wow dude, that's some tough runnnin! Make sure you ice after each run man! You doing the marathon in the D?"
"talking about folks dual booting touchpads into CM7. Still a shame HP dropped it."
"A very unusual project I worked on: preparing men from NYVS for a CD of #TanDun's music (Peony Pavilion). Nice man! Good conductor!"
"Come see it with me when I get back?? Me you Natasha, Myranda and some other people? And go movie skipping :D"
"Paying attention and hoping all goes well for you!"
"stayed in a really bizarre hotel room in London last night - bath and toilet was in the same room as my bed!!"
"you are getting a special shout out in about a few minutes :)"
"How bout them buccossssss!"
"Um....can I be a roadie for the gigs in London?! I'll be good. I promise!! :)"
"i dont have time for you"
"Wachovia Securities Found Liable to Former U.S. Congressman for Aiding and Abetting Failed Stock Loan Scheme"
"Too many to RT! Check out 's amazing museum photos!"
"so csu didn't REALLY pay attention to hawks success in boulder? I am guessing not"
"Some of the mogs I went to high school with still are in a high schoolers mindframe."
"it's not crazy talk... but we've failed to #OccupyLanguage and the term \"conspiracy\" now has a different connotation."
"Technology and home brew....this is an excellent article for the lover of both tech and beer!"
"RT : Fave Quote! : It's ok to share something before its perfect, the world will help you."
"Laps around the park! Gettin in my exercise :)"
"so much to study. where do i even start"
"It feel good gettin checks every week"
"no problem"
"o.o really?"
"no traffic problems, we're right off the highway at Ritchie Coliseum at Univ of Maryland"
"Love the Birthday Cake Oreos! Please make them permanent. They are the BEST!"
"btch, i blow good evryday i bet i live the life you wish you could evryday .."
"Props 2 & 4 their SWEET TOOTH ish. It's 1 of the few books that's survived my bloody purge."
"Bye bye Leif, sadly this is not a season where smart people were cast"
"Bangin this school out, and workin on my music."
"Hello there. I'm great, thank you for asking!"
"MTRT : Heartland invited me to debate skeptic , I declined due to a conflict if I accepted, would cancelafter new ad campaign"
"My Rangers won!! Yeah!"
"Have a safe blessed day."
"Apple pie & ice cream...."
"By the way, Where is PAUL RYAN. Has MITT ROMNEY DUMPED him already? Can I catch this on YOUTUBE also? MITT ROMNEY really piled it on."
"There are only 3 days left for the 50% off individual cabinets at the Washington Co. ReStore"
"There's also CLH - Cry Like Harry. What the actual fuck is that."
"I would put the car in the garage tonight... Some hail is certainly a possibility."
"Congrats Trevor, on your graduation!"
"I'm a deputy marshal in the St. Patty's Day Parade tomorrow...pretty exciting!!!"
"What did u think? Wasn't it was odd how great the A's thought Nick Swisher was? Solid player, but not the next big thing..."
"Tonight's WINTER BENJY NIGHT. Hockey! Food! Drinks! Colleagues! More Hockey! We'll see you there."
"Usage note: The adjective \"funky\" may be applied to music and odors only."
"your cover is absolutely amazing, great job!! :)"
"Very cool!"
"I hear ya on that!"
"Never knew I could feel like this, like I've never seen the sky before. Want to vanish inside your kiss and I love you until the end of time"
"I hate when the bums at my job be acting like they having important conversations on the phone"
"After hearing Mickelson's hall of fame speech, I'm starting to like him."
"THE MAIN IMPRESSION MIXTAPE WAS FOR H-TOWN SO STAND-UP ARE THANK ME LATER MUCH LOVE"
"I think Kreider is really good too. Think he's going to be great. Seems to be a speed skater."
"Rangers/Devils is going to be a nasty series someone may get killed"
"We should \"not sleep well\" when people are suffering--\"you don't sleep well\""
"I'm convinced GDOT has no clue what it's doing. Emergency lanes open for rush hour traffic?"
"I am watching at the Hollywood Bowl and loving it! He ran all the way to the back--a treat for us in the cheap seats!"
"Not sure what you mean. Sorry! ^BPS"
"why not be happy Because if you're sad. You are sad all the time you will be crying all the time."
"Volim Te to my BFF. Tonight is the night of celebration for us Minaa; Maybach Crew!"
"I saw that! Thanks! Sad you can't be at the event :("
"Pretty Woman.....Willy Wonka! LMBO How am I doing?!?"
"They say, \"Never trouble trouble till trouble troubles you.\""
"I don't understand how people can have sex with someone just to have sex, not because they love them. It boggles my mind"
"I need to go to the mall"
"hi how r u doing can u add me on facebook"
"I thought it was epic. Will go down with Madonna's VMA \"Like a Virgin\""
"On tap today: Load/Save program banks and some exploratory sound design. VST Instrument alpha soon!"
"I'm Blessed Just To Be Alive Nd In My Right Mind!!!"
"Why Did Ray Ray Have A Crush On Willow Anyways Lol She's Way Younger Than Him"
"Middle Eastern literature known as \"Daastan*-e-Amir Hamza\" it is of Persio-Turkic origin."
"No matter how great LeBron is, he isn't beating those big 3 in the west with a big man rotation of Joel-Turiaf-UD"
"Oh, that’s so bad… RT “: For all we know, that pregnant woman in Seattle had a weird craving for ice cream and pepper spray.”"
"I'll be answering phones for the St Jude Radio-a-thon till 7PM tonight. Call me at 800-411-9898 to make a donation and to say hi :)"
"You are so Stupid! You Can't be a Anti Semite to yourself Semite are Africans, Muslims and Jews"
"Two more full days in Reno. Then a long drive home :)"
"its my first time :-)"
"that's the point, why make a comment when you don't know what you're talking about"
"I have a similar rule if I were to ever play 'hams again. Marines are fun fluff wise but soo commonplace."
"/ meet you there after 8? I'm serious."
"The Internet here is slower than hell. It's going to take over 30mins to download the update for my phone"
"I finished Mockingjay. I have nothing to live for anymore"
"If I don't tweet that often, does that mean I have a boring life? Not at all. I just forget to share it with the world"
"SpaceX! Love it. I hope the launch isn't delayed."
"bngrips to amber ice"
"just chillin at work being lazy!"
"Congrats on your literary debut, #SouthernCharm, \"a pink Laduree macaron of a novel.\""
"Finally left an audition & felt good it's been over 6 wks of not feeling great, yeah!!"
"Casting male/female fighters/boxers that can act.. for up coming film"
"A great end to 2011 (otherwise a rough freaking year): happy and excited to be the new Sunday Editor at !"
"WORD!!! Hope you stay this time :-) RT hehehehe iv joined the 21st century lol"
"Happy Happy Birthday Love Ya Hope Its The Best!!!!!"
"Today about three or four people asked me \"Did it hurt?\" Go die."
"A weird brainstorm- was looking for one for my dad for b-day, there were none, had an \"aha\" moment. Just launched last month"
"I see that you just added my page! Do you mean a personal facebook account or a Get In My Hood account?"
"if you can convince bibi to ask for it I totally will haha"
"God is on the move on the Eastside"
"I'm quite happy that there are so many grammar nerds forcing the trend of I Dnt Need A Lot, but If I Had a Gun is freaking me out"
"Wasn't the feature nice? Totally enjoyed the whole Cuisine Issue!"
"\"My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward.\""
"Room # 76 just freed up for tonight and tomorrow. Call 773.276. 7110 to book!"
"Life is not meant to be lived waiting, life is meant to be lived Living."
"I think ima stp going out fridays cz,i hate waiting all day for my baby on saturdays..."
"How to Get Over Your Fear of Sales Every week as SmallBizLady, I conduct interviews with experts on my Twitter talk show #SmallBizChat. T"
"listening to mac miller just reminds me of being in europe last summer"
"Appreciate the post share. Enjoy your Monday!"
"ozzy had a huge dog panic attack in a beautiful yard of my friend. figured out i am the security, not the yard."
"No, thank you!"
"Love the team leader role. Let me know if you need anything, and I will try to make it happen!"
"This album will be recorded in front of a live studio audience."
"I meant 10..."
"Out. Wont bother you with the beat story. It was a bit brutal"
"Thanks I do too. I went to get it and they didn't have cotton candy so I panicked and ran out"
"Visit us this evening for our Chicken Pot Pie. It is the perfect comfort food for a chilly fall day."
"Have gotten a few requests to perform on the Friday Night Talent show... (by a few I mean a total of 1) any1 else requesting?"
"Laser print, a toner dust used instead of ink has become very popular"
"Have a dose of a day to keep your mojo saying hey."
"What does not contain love must contain an illusion."
"I hate when ur friends post all over thier profile how much they love ur bf"
"come to Miami c'mon son"
". and I are creating \"Fridays after 5\" bingo cards for silly fun. What are you likely to spot on the DT Mall?"
"likewise...bout to call it a night. got work early In morning"
"Are you going?(:"
"My heart goes out to all of the people suffering in japan from the hurricane."
"Bout to go straighten my ratcher hair"
"I'm so nervous again"
"never better! On my way to teach boot camp. Looking forward to seeing you next Saturday!"
"yaaaay what's your username ?"
"Wow! Editing your promo for Friday night story. Scary stuff. More to come."
"It's very dismissive, as though your point couldn't possibly be valid. It's insulting."
"can i be a mod or a on your beta"
"When people tell me I look just like my mama.>>> 😊😊😊"
"The wind is blowing hard at Wrigley. Get ready for some long balls!"
"corn dog!!"
"Sloppy challenge. Can't dispute the yellow."
"I just can't believe it!Henry was shot!And why is the next season of #psych in the Fall?That's like...after summer.Why God Why!?"
"Great information on mobile marketing for nonprofits today 's #NPO SIG workshop!"
"bahahah I'm so funny!"
"Need someone to tlk to"
"Happy 4th of July!!! Stay safe & get"
"Thanks for the RT =]"
"Damn i shouldve went to the game today....."
"heard you caught a case tonight bro lmao"
"everyone should follow thanks(:"
"Money brings problems,but it also solves problems"
"Photo Shoot Crazy . Everything HD"
"Congratulations Old Dominion University for making the big dance!"
"Thanks dude!"
"are you sure they weren't describing some of the politicians and \"ed-deformers\"? It would fit them."
"trying…keep trying. Things are good getting clients this month and bringing Graffiti to the public"
"I hate that I read our old messages, it makes me #RememberHow things used to be"
"save him!"
"What's goodie Ms."
"good :) & I'm on the way there right now :)"
"Happy New Year to you too!"
"I spent too long today reading government documents about cervical cancer basically"
"Midnight ticket sales ($19.7M) may throw off our estimates. Neither JohnCarter or Lorax had big Thurs night screenings"
"sweaty balls..."
"can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!51"
"And of course continue to spoil my baby girl she gne be spoiled rotten just like her momma but she won't be selfish like her dad"
"Thx very much!"
"Grindin and Shining"
"I will just keep re-enforcing your next study while enjoying your posts."
"See how you can get your OWN fingerprint on shirts and watches - YouTube"
"The world: \"Boo-friggin-hoo, Simmons. Get over it. No one liked that ill-conceived, poorly executed sham.\""
"We must support our Community and i need a cup of Coffee .justsmellsogood.wordpress.com"
"perks is my shit. Love that book #:)"
"What's the password to yo twittuh?"
"Have a reason to celebrate this weekend? Do it right w/ VIP Bottle Service ! Call out VIP hostess SHELBY at 707.567.1580 to book"
"Kony 2012, what's with all the talk about hotdogs?"
"Guess jazz will be in the house tomorrow sleeping her night away ! :/"
"We were glad to do it Nat. Let us know how the events turn out. Some video of an event would be good also."
"A5: If you want to push social micro-conversions do it on the thank you page and track them as a goal/conversion"
"firing up conference room computer for meeting, it said 'no input signal-going to sleep' ah yes, i felt JUST like that after lunch yesterday"
"Hey we cannot wait to see Part of Me the Movie in 3D"
"\": A plane is flying to Durham from Denver. Peyton Manning is in Durham. Broncos coming from Denver.\". Last pitch? Or done deal"
"I do that all the time"
"thats pretty cheep"
"Cannot recommend 5 year engagement because of unevenness. It's 2 movies: a 45 min awesome one & a 45 min terrible mess."
"\"How You Like Me Now?\" by The Heavy. Who cares if it makes me feel a little like a car commercial?"
"(-) If you do, you will a) Have 2 projects instead of 1 to show for your work, and b) You will unburden your digital project."
"yes!! It's easy and fast to make and it's delicious!!!"
"DO WORK SON!"
"Getting prepared for in NYC September 22 - 23! Great to talk with"
"Twins' hitters OPS in May: .346."
"My staff meeting postponed until 10 and my boss is a motherfucking asshole."
"i can never sleep :/"
"For what???"
"Taylor gone be my YN, since everybody at mhs hate lightskinns"
"Kelly Clarkson, Happy Birthday. 💗"
"Me and are good bed partners. #isthatwerid? (:"
"They do have a Twitter that hasn't be updated since 2010."
"Yeah, cause its always my fault. -__- fucccccck doing anything for you."
"I've said it before and I'll say it again... Best part about being a meth addict - only one sleep until Christmas"
"Good jump for the Canucks in the first 10 minutes against the Kings."
"The one and only on 's 5 p.m. news! Don't miss him around 5:40 p.m. talking holiday job search tips."
"Those annoying guys that like every girls picture on facebook.."
"\"PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie\" www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ Starring EARL BROWNING, I, STACY CUNNINGHAM, LANCE EAKHEART! RT! RT"
"not to be eavesdropping but ... this is some next-level 4sq addiction. well done to all parties."
"Wondering why I even bother with all of this work doing a Web site. Nothing but drama, stress and slandering."
"Good energy to all those living in New York City and particularly"
"This ===> lmaoRT : Real bitches lick sacks, that sounds gross but it's true"
"Everywhere we go. People wanna know. Who we are. So we tell them. We are the Titans. The mighty mighty Titans."
"At the Marietta Diner, when a hummer roles up. Out pops out to butch chiks and a midget. The midget was thick:) lol"
"the love month is here! <3 time to design the town RED! :D"
"Step 1: Drink."
"Not sure. Noisy though! You're in the hood?"
"you gotta relax and all the stress and pressure will be gone in an instant"
"Wendy's"
"now how did you find your way there? You are in my neck of the woods...relax and sit a spell!"
"Keep it movin'! ;)"
"just ran in the rain! :D"
"Completely! I really feel for Wendy!!"
"Or complain that someone stole their shit..."
"\"A press briefing promoting the benefits of nuclear power has been postponed 'because it would be inappropriate given the events in Japan.'\""
"The complexity of making a Mayan Calendar game is making my eyes bleed :)"
"ew! I took that when I was in 11th grade LOL"
"Maitland Stage Band is about to start out here at Lake Lily in Maitland! Come on out - the weather is spectacular!"
"I will be in the area tomorrow. I'll check out what is going on there. Its likely a report to DOT. I'll keep you posted."
"Thank you for winning. I will likely be the top seed in the consolation playoffs. I'll get my championship there lol."
"Ok BOSH!!!"
"#oomf Eyebrows bogus ass hell in her avi"
"I hate wen i text people then i say wyd and dont reply then i ask why idont text them"
"45 minutes! ;D"
"hey u!! Tweet tweet baby gull! ; )"
"so does this mean you're comin to my place before the show in Columbus on June 6th"
"so where did you all go once you got kicked out"
"OWSUpdate Thanks for the follow!"
"I just realized it was. Thought today was sunday for a second... He needs to win tomorrow bad!"
"ORCHESTRAL MANOEUVRES IN THE DARK - Turner Hall Ballroom - Sunday, September 25 - 7PM DOORS!"
"Jack Hemings demanded to serve in a black unit rather than a white one in WWII, saying he wanted to be true to himself."
"Surprisingly, getting locked inside of a women's restroom wasn't the most embarrassing thing I've done in the past 24 hours."
"Boss just threw my printing deadline out the window. My question then - what good are timelines and deadlines if you don't follow them?"
"haha.. But I can just guess you email.. How awesome is that!!"
"#canibehonestwithyou an inmate in west virginia almost beat #obamaFAIL in the democratic primary. Bwaaaaaahahahaha!"
"wish you could be there, too! i have a feeling florian will be back. hopefully, we'll get good recordings. :)"
"what neighborhood? Bottomless drinks? Or nicer with amazing food?"
"Rough Roostars - \"Breakout\" tour starts tommorrow in Ireland.."
"“: Whoever ''Shawty'' is, she apparently has a lot of rapper boyfriends.”"
"God rescinds pledge to Noah; begins in Australia."
"it would make my life if i got a happy birthday from you today :)"
"I HATE SEEING PEOPLE STRESSED OUT"
"Sometimes I wish i could just fast forward through time just to see if it's all worth it in the end."
"this is what Rush is talking about ... Number one threat to our freedom is over educated single women"
"Been a long and productive day! Well Goodnight :)"
"You watched it dear? Fantastic! I mean, I knew you were awesome from your appearanes on Rick Emerson show but this..even better :D"
"did I miss you all?! On way back to town from event..."
"Skinny girls are ok,, but thick is better"
"To major losses this week Adam & Junior from two different parts of our culture that made ground breaking impacts! I am a fan 4ever RIP :("
"Will no longer,by choice, be the catering coordinator but will still be serving:) you can still order delivery though!"
"grind doesn't stop"
"So Im going to make a Tumblr finally but will only share ideas: thoughts: theories: and questions. Sounds more like a blog hu?"
"Felt so good to lift and workout today after myrtle"
"Ok people, it's cold, slow down on the road a little so we all don't have to stop!"
"If u ever get bit in the nipple, the best reaction is to hit the biter in the back of the head & have them wake up later on the counter top."
"Manufacturing runs!?! This Crew team is maturing before our eyes... The patience has just been fun to watch!"
"Man...you're disrespectful. It's one thing to admire a woman's beauty and grace, but some words should remain in your mouth."
"Come back to Facebook! How the heck can I make fun of you on your status now?"
"Hmm I don't know? What do you want to do next? :D Lol"
"“: Im so hungry” go eat some food then(;"
"Text me your new number"
"never been, but have heard. i'll have to check that one out sooner than later, I guess.."
"good to know you're concentrating on your studies"
"how you are you doing sir? Any good pics of Bylsma I could use? Doing a post about him now. Let me know please"
"“: Hello my friends enjoying my weekend !!!!” I hope it is a relaxing one."
"Though i don't fear death - i believe it's just a bogeyman threshold to a MUCH HIGHER LIFE ; there's a primal fear that overtakes u at the"
"Following Michael!"
"I love u!!! When are you coming to Chicago?"
"i love mine! always travel with it."
"RT : The Union Station is not participating in World Free Cone Day. Clearly, this location is run by the Taliban."
"Falling deeper and deeper"
"What's for lunch? Get out to Label 7 today! Yes! We are OPEN! Perfect place to RELAX!"
"love you, praying with you. The best is yet to come!"
"needs to get better at normal on marvel vs capcom 3 so he can't complain when I beat his ass lol"
"And no pirates!"
"you got it! Great food btw"
"The past few days<<<<<"
"My sis is foolish and my mom is gullible she called n told her I was up here fighting my mom got here in like 10 minutes locked and loaded"
"That's awesome! I want to do that. Where are you taking the classes?"
"Screen partner sites carefully, avoid sites hosting excessive reciprocals and site wides, says"
"are you coming back to buff? The dirty is calling your name"
"The weekend is a few short hours away! Roll into it with a Chicken and Pepper Jack Burrito Roller. The perfect get-me-through-the-day treat!"
"Hi, my name is Maria Jose & I just sprayed perfume in my eye"
"I think I look ugly in it"
"#FF Broaden your horizons and your vocabulary with Transparent Language!"
"awesome shows about the Lincoln Highway (road trip!!), farmers markets and replica architecture! Great stuff!"
"Best place to play hide and go seek!!! Walmart and take walkie talkies along with you."
"If I miss this, will you post? I've bought 42 boxes of cookies from 3 different enterprising Scouts. Help?"
"my life is a joke."
"Watch the Reds Game <3 Dear Mr Cozart, I'm in love with you."
"Nope I Have A Little Brother"
"Recruiting new clients on the #westside of"
"RT I live my life how i want to live it! Dont need no ones approval! / Amen lol :)"
"Shine responsibly John!"
"Where is everyone?! Come on out to backbooth! 5 dollars!"
"You! RT : Who ? : o RT savemefromalie My best friend flirts with me sometimes everyone."
"It's going to be a sunny weekend, they said. Sunday is going to be better than Saturday, they said."
"People & their blocked tweets."
"I believe it is once again time to clean out my Google Reader."
"Good to hear! Must be a problem on my end"
"Rent show was tonight! <3"
"I don't have one :( I just go to class twice a week."
"..it is by grace you have been saved. Ephesians 2:4-5"
"Rain rain go away, come back when I'm tucked away, with a warm blanket & a food tray, rain rain go away... Sigh..."
"mean!;D"
"“The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech.” Clifton Fadiman, born on this day in 1904."
"Someones gonna want me."
"Knowing I will probably NEVER meet Austin again, makes me want to cry forever."
"white girl listens to gambino for the first time after quoting his popular lines and says \"DID HE JUST SAY RETARDED? YOU CANT JUST SAY THAT\""
"Airlines will be required to hold a reservation without payment for 24 hours or cancel a reservation during that period without penalty."
"Need a movie to watch"
"RT : Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you."
"That article is great, and the list of resources and scholarly works at the end of it is great too! Thanks."
"and we feel lucky to have discovered you, have a great day!"
"\"I know very little about acting. I'm just an incredibly gifted faker.\" - Robert Downey Jr."
"thank you!! That means so much to me!! You are so nice to do that! There will be more raps to come!! Thank u 4 the support!"
"L.m.s if you single ladies are still Looking For a good dude."
"Halftime at #LSP for the #CONCACAF Olympic Qualifying Final, and the score is 0-0 for Mexico vs Honduras."
"Apparently Tom Wahl's feels $$good$$ about the Wahlburger. Really $$good$$!"
"Back to work, cant get enough of this studio shit I swear!!!!"
"Masquerade Ball Tonight! 8:30-11:30 at Bergstaff Place (Downtown on E. Washington Street, across from IndTech) Free for students and guests!"
"Tweet! :D"
"HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! I bit my twitter tongue. ; )"
"I love you mostest. Actually I take back what I said last night that picture is really cute (:"
"g why u soo mad all the time ? lol"
"I miss you so much. Please come back into my life."
"ha! I was watching that earlier...classic line"
"Is there anything physically wrong with Valverde this season?"
"The last week of school!! The kids are all so excited."
"About to check out the Wed show , I am excite."
"lmaooo It looks better than I thought it did last night."
"You say that as if they would let something as trivial as \"facts\" get in their way..."
"thanks for letting us know about this"
"Trying my hand at linocuts for the first time...surprisingly easy and not too messy."
"doesn't sound like Weeks is 100 percent with his injured ankle.."
"What the fudge is goin on, my head hurts & ankles r swollen...Dang~e, please not again, not yet.."
"good day"
"Makes my teeth grind RT : speaking of texting, I'm down w/textisms, but isn't lol just always a buzzkill?"
"Good grief. I'm not sure they thought that through."
"I just took out my recycling and for a moment the smell reminded me fondly of camping."
"give me your hand is trending yayyfthghcgjvdgbgjcdy"
"You're a Mets fan"
"Tips for Arts & Humanities Month - Learn a friendly greeting in another language. Celebrate the humanities everyday!"
"A very rough day!! When is the weeks out of the Leadoff spot talk going to start?"
"Yeah! Super excited! Not sure when I leave yet. End of July or beg of August. I REALLY want to meet while there!"
"how? Do you get naked and run around? Doesn't sound crazy to me!"
"NBMBAA Phoenix is passionate about charities that decrease college debt. Scholarships, Scholarships and more Scholarships!"
"My sister is 9 and shes a cheater!! She's dating my cousins best friend and this really weird kid in her grade! I've only had 1 boyfriend!"
"Somebody tell this fool smackdown use to be on Thursday. He obviously wasn't a true wrestling fan"
"The Black Keys to start off this morning.."
"today is the first of May so today is May Day and there's a band called Mayday Parade! :D lol"
"I'm sure would appreciate the UT orange! Orange and black are beautiful together!"
"man u know wat i have not had in a min, some bbq"
"they were running through the misprints or dented stock. I picked up a Texas Chainsaw I've been after for awhile"
"“: work ...or stalking?” believe it I'm working - the tourney's impact on the city, figured I would find IU."
"Did y'all get hacked or something?"
"NBC: Romney will deliver a speech tonight in Manchester, NH entitled, \"A Better America Begins Tonight\""
"I got some really cool quality affordable jewelry ladies!!"
"Dissecing a pig in bio today."
"We hope you are able to enjoy some BBQ and fireworks this weekend."
"Last night of spring break.."
"Creavity abounds in the wonderful world of flavored vodka - saturday morning cereal flavors!"
"I'd like to see either the Kings or Rangers win. LA is solid though"
"The audience would start a slow clap-puccino."
"Todd Adrian of Edgewood, Brian Miller of MSOE, Matt Siverling of Superior and Oliver Drake of Ashford all quality finalists at Eau Claire."
"Congratulations to Kelly Starr-King, Drake & Co, for her 2012 WI Trailblazer award for women in business!"
"Sometimes all you can do is not think, not wonder, not obsess, not imagine, just breathe everything works out in the end"
"RT : Welcome to Kentucky NERLENS NOEL!!!! #BBN smart boy"
"In Gainesville almost home"
"You are most welcome. I hope that someone dances to it some day."
"LOOOL bring your spam on :P"
"hey guys - we're getting the same tweet from you every few hours, which was cool the first 30-40 times..."
"it doesnt matter because Nirvana."
"as opposed to the stupid cobra."
"Wherever there is resistance, there is the chance to learn, work, and grow."
"i have two shoots today, i havent had any good sleep in days"
"Finna put n a few apps n see what I can do"
"To all my fans, I love you all very much. Here is the latest Megamix before I release it. Enjoy Download free www.envdo.com/mix"
"There is little doubt to me that connecting via twitter can lead to amazing things."
"wonders why she can't find people who are on Twitter"
"love your dress!!"
"Good morning Tweet World!!! Happy Thursday"
"the digital divide is about the skills gap that could extend the wealth gap in"
"Tried learning some stuff from different scores for movies on piano. it didnt work out :P"
"\"A lot of talented actors still have to pay their bills.\" - Mark Wahlberg"
"Everyone I have talked to is stoked to get rowdy with the James Gang in the . March 17th cant come quick enough"
"any bands down for a NYE show at Beer Co? 100% of the door. :)"
"SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW ME? <3 67"
"That I always learn when I'm with our trainers"
"Always playing catch-up"
"Jessica Lange YES!!"
"ny the way ur realy cute"
"Damn who was that hot girl in Matt Kalil's party? She was sexy! Lol"
"Hey peeps ask me any questions and I'll put them in my next YouTube video!!(:"
"What's up for NYE2011? Any greek events?"
": Thank god Its almost over lol Im so hungry"
"Thank goodness I have the day off tmrw! have slept for at least 5 hours today."
"Rehearsal went well. Now heading to Andretti racing for my last night as a single man. Go cubs"
"The lances look wicked!! Thanks for posting pix!"
"Of the resources you've shared with us, Which would you say are your favorites?"
"have you ever seen that place at night? they are the head of some Asian mafia. definitely."
"Knock it out of the park, Lass. *claps* I am so proud of you my Angel."
"Id badges for your companies www.xpressid.net"
"those parody trailers are amazing"
"u crazzy anyway u goin to school on monday =p"
"& Happy Birthday!!"
"RT : Be sure to keep the conversation about #DCFashion going and follow !"
"Awesome! RT : Can't lie. I'm feeling like a rock star today. =)"
"I THINK i may actually DROP DEAD if i don't get to see the chili peppers in October :((("
"thats no fun..."
"your hair looks soo good(:"
"Fighting the fight that really matters...."
"So Proud of the Entire Physician Staffing team at Randstad Healthcare on our recent Joint Commission Recertification! Check out what the Jo…"
"this summer, we're all goin! Deal?"
"Health Tips: most efficient greens include: spirulina & blue green algae, & grasses; alfalfa, wheat, oat, barley, kamut, spinach & kale"
"Hey thank you so much for following us!"
"I swear, the tv shows they have come up with now are crazy , like #mycrazyobsession and"
"By the way, talking about profs and teaching generally is imprecise! We have institutions with different missions across the US."
"hey we had an off game. Still gonna be a number one seed though!"
"Then gonna kill that free buffet"
"So he picked the jets??????? RT : Denver has agreed to trade Tim Tebow and a seventh-round pick to the Jets"
"ohh ok. I like her.. Wish she didn't die."
"Looking for leaders in your organization? You have to be a leader in order to spot a leader."
"WHO'S READY FOR A ALL NEW SHAKE IT UP TONIGHT?!? -Because I AM!!!!! :]"
"don't forget (drought)"
"Couldn't have asked for a better day. Way to work Blazers, great weekend. Time to keep working and winning ballgames"
"Thank you!"
"Cream cheese!"
"#ff to keep up with the Pacific"
"....As eats at 2Vine and I'm eating a $7 cheeseburger plate from Carmines. Hope his tastes as good as mine."
"Great job last night, despite we ambushed you with several new songs :) -KC"
"Went on a following streak(: lmfao(: #life'sgood"
"Send me your email address. I'm . I have a few that might be helpful."
"good picture!"
"\"It's more important to be respected than liked.\""
"Can't believe I forgot how good I feel with 8 hrs sleep verses my normal 5 hrs. Today is going to be a Positive and Productive day"
"We sell goats to at least one family every year for Mother's Day forpast 12 years. We had one lady return them haha. Not her cup o tea."
"Thanks!! I'll post the lungs next... ;-)"
"im about 3 cookies away from being a complete fatass"
"follow back?"
"My only wish is I die real"
"oh gosh! Well you know I'll never be seeing you again!"
"So do we!"
"When I think about it I just get so mad....ugh trying to get over it."
"Given the amount of work done to make fruits prettier, we're not doing nearly enough long term/biomagnification studies."
"next video i'm making probably won't be a white wall type of video....getting sick of making those"
"Thank You!"
"Welcome to my world...most days are ok"
"I can't wait for your movie :)"
"don't worry guys, you can customize your open graph to show what you want to share and it only takes an afternoon"
"lol, I will do my best!"
"For those not traveling to Columbus, where are the big #Aztec watching parties tomorrow?"
"Professional development can only help the HR Professional!"
"HP ump Ed Hickox either favors outside K or he's terrible, those outside Ks on lefties are in exact same spot as inside balls to righties"
"WHY WOULD YOU STILL FROM SOMEONE WHOS TAKING CARE OF YOU."
"I think their done? :("
"Celebrate KKIM Radio's 40 Years Of Service To Our Lord Jesus Christ, Friday, April 13, 6pm @ Legacy Church's Main Campus in Albuquerque -"
"I really dislike you."
"wow call to turn it on, she will be your Doctor Doctor he needs you bad! Someone will save you, =-O :-\ :-) :-D"
"\"Abstract Expressionist value expression over perfection, the unknown over the known, and the inner over the outer.\" (William C. Seitz)"
"I'm absolutely thinking about my lunch plans. Hoping will be near the Inner Harbor today."
"I just left practice with"
"Awesome! Can't be your first time, right?"
"Thanks for the follow Felecia! We seem to share a similar philosophy regarding our products!"
"Thank you to all the activist across California for making ACLU of CA lobby day such a success!"
"we need to link on this music isshhh..."
"Let us give Nature a chance; she knows her business better than we do. ~ Michel De Montaigne"
"The christmas tree is a holdover from ancient pagan times."
"#icr12 glad to have found the hashtag thanks to whoever put it up on the screen at the Y"
"thanks for following David"
"Graduation season is right around the corner. Contact us today to book your graduation party and ask about our Sunday afternoon discounts!"
"I respect and listen to a lot of less melodic abstract work, but even then I want variations not based in white noise."
"Don't forget send in pictures of your promoting so we can keep you on the team! [:"
"RT : Just saw a lobster delivery truck that had a sticker right under the driver's side window: \"Driver Carries No Butter\""
"Sitting in that place where like they got all these books, figure Ill take a nap, why not its so quite."
"A person's a person, no matter how small."
"thank you for the FF. Have a great weekend. Xo J"
"Houston Public having great success with having two city services in some locations"
"Hey there, (BlackboardINTL), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!"
"Thank you. It will be that time soon enough. I don't know if wine would lead to stricter or more lenient assessment. . ."
"It's so cold in TN right now. Hey in Murfreesboro, should we cover some icy chilling covers for Sept. 15th?"
"“Good men don’t need rules... Today is not the day to find out why I have so many.\""
"saw Gino at work today :D"
"I would rather my apartment be infested with stray dogs than roaches...plus theyre easier to kill. All you need is a shovel."
"I couldn't tell last night if that #heavyrain was real or just part of a very immersive gameplay experience."
"I'm going to embroider some dish towels with vintage transfers!"
"Thanks for sharing that opinion piece, Mary. Great perspective to remember."
"RT Some bad breaks to start the inning, otherwise, I think Scott would have finished that inning just fine.<<guhgree-unlucky"
"omg yes!! All I've ever wanted is to be able to sleep like a human and not an owl."
"Betty White's \"Off Their Rocker\""
"it's all Good! Loving this weather."
"opt me out of junk mail. Those value packs dont have good coupons anyway."
"Hey Rex Ryan, there's no crying in football #jets #nfl. Thank G#d the drama of the Jets season is over!"
"YW. That Brendan Fraser article is on my favorites. It was awesome, ending with Matt Damon and Sandra Bullock getting in too."
"We lookin forward to you comin to the land of Ali!!"
"we will hit it by 11:59pm on Saturday!"
"Hey Pittsburgh! We have an opening for an experienced Stylist. We offer an extensive training program and a generous benefit package."
"speechless right now."
"Happy World Read Aloud Day! What was your FAVORITE book to read aloud as a child? Mine was Cross Country Cat!!"
"I swear sriracha cures everything. I can now breathe. :)"
"So ready to go home and see my family!"
"Thank you!!! 💛 it was a long day, but I think today will be better- she slept through the night last night 💤 Woo! 😉"
"i see lol"
": worry not. You had nothing to do with it :)"
"it's ok. I'll let you slide this time"
"watching my episode of a tv show that's on right now!!"
"That awkward moment when your best friend is so excited to have a twitter but your her only follower"
"Greys made me weak tonite. I just cant take the tragedy."
"haha already hearing it dude. It's blasting lol"
"Gettin it in with THE SQUAD"
"Your welcome ( :"
"studio in the P.M !"
"sure. For your final? Send it and we can chat in qrt."
"I take that back...list of 4 I had already..."
"If you are headed to Dallas anytime soon follow"
"Travis is going to try the PB burger!!!!! Ella loves peanut butter!"
"It wasn't and you should have come. It was a flash mob party."
"Hey, shes not your daughter, seriously mind your own business."
"why pay 300 dollars to party when skyy is only 20 dollars a fifth"
"What magazine(s) would you recommend I subscribe to?"
"Inge update. Batting 2nd for Oakland today, 0-2 average at .120. Has a strikeout as well."
"Get ready for some food porn pics! Knocked off five items on #Roswells42BDayFavorites!!"
"see u in a new movie soon Arnold"
"Catch game between Arsenal and Chelsea at Publika in Solaris Dutamas"
"I want some chinese food m now"
"Every 30seconds! RT “: our professor makes low-key racist jokes everyday class”"
"yeah, whole place cracked up pretty good!"
"PLEASE FOLLOW ME! (:"
"would love to see his answer"
"you are forgetting Richards too"
"Life is a mystery..everyone must stand alone..I hear you call my name.."
"Happy Father's Day to all the Father's out there!!"
"Working on flushing out the #tech #policy web content for and watching a little football. Good sunday for my fantasy team!"
"In Chi-Town supporting on her way to get signed internationally. If you know her wish her luck."
"Very kind of you -- THANK YOU!"
"Stephanie Cutter is just as brilliant as she is beautiful,a real no BS kind of a lady."
"ahaha u fish stick, ya that stuff is the worst"
"My fucking Mac Mini goes HAYWIRE every time I plug the GoFlex into it..."
"M! sounds yummy! I'd like those soon."
"Had a kid last night tell me he was under 21, showed me his ID that said he was under 21, and still expected to be let in..."
"#10ThingsIWantToHappen to meet , , & & tell them how amusing & amazing their music is."
"well that girl told me she's cwazzyyyy about chuuuuu(; <333"
"Waiting patiently for Born To Die to come in the mail. Are you publishing reviews?"
"nope. A good time to just relax and have quality time with my baby boy. Gotta go to CLE in the next few days for work."
"yes, that's dr. ally reid."
"When people are like \"new hair cut\" but all they did was cut their dead ends off <"
"Host Fred @ Fat Face Fenner's Fishack / F's open mic says the Coyotes are in the Top 5 best performers to F'S !"
"Way to go!"
"#np BO$$ - For The Love feat. J.R. Str8 Barz"
"LOL - lets not even go to the second rule..."
"networking, trying to get in touch with every female r&b artist out. HELP!!! Lol"
"For a beer-swillin rockin good time, we suggest you check out Lucero tonight at"
"WUDUP DOE, CHECK OUT THE MUSIC AND OFFICIAL VIDEOS"
"it's true, the heat are soft and flop all the time Vogel is right, wade just fell down reading this"
"omg imma starting to like school.......... :S"
"You Aint Gotta Love Me or Like Me.Hesitate, being funny, mean aint gonna get nowhere in life but being unsucessful. Judging people is wrong."
"Working on week 1 of my #projectlife album.Trying not to overthink things but an awful lot happens in a week! Trying to find a good balance"
"I don't like the school bus anymore"
"RT : When a grocer tries to charge me 5¢ for a bag, I tell em \"go to hell\" & just stand there eating my groceries until they're gone"
"YOU ARE WTF"
"Shouts to this guy--> good morning love"
"#ReplaceDemiSongsWithTits Get back= Get tits"
"Good morning Atlanta, it's a lil wet out there, keep dry! If you need help placing any orders, don't hesistate to give us a shout!"
"Lame, aren't we?! We'll make a point to not suck so much this week."
"nope it just automatically do it"
"Glad I brought my \"London-Tested\" umbrella to #sxsw. A blustery day."
": \"I love inciting riots on the Metro. It's pretty much a hobby. What? Settle down.\""
"Aw, that's like an #nptech social-media-bromance ;)"
"That IS awful--I checked the NY Times after I saw your FB post & nothing. Not even CNN yet. Jerks."
"“: Enjoyed #lma12 from afar. An interesting blend of sincerity, content and snark. I should have been there. See u in Vegas.”"
"No doubt. Last night had all the makings of a classic Wrigley choke-job. Another thing...is it really THAT cold?"
"These birds are so loud and I could just shut the window. But you know, beer farts."
"I am pretty witty thank you for noticing hahah"
"I always get pissed off when subway gives me two napkins but I always only use one lol"
"wish had more options for assessing use of the different fields. options are really limited now. get on that thanks!"
"Next sentence: \"People’s preferences about who to communicate with whom, about what, is highly contextualized.\""
"Some people seriously don't know how to get a clue"
"love this song"
"that story's got arms, er, legs"
"I DIDN'T SAY THAT! I HOPE YOU PASS :)"
"Your horoscope says YOU ARE 1 BITCH ASS NIGGA TODAY!"
"I agree, great game"
"following u there always more 2 learn about the streets everday"
"Thanks Reggie... RT : Steve Blake falls to the ground. Westbrooks gets bank shot"
"Wonder how long my Mello gonna be."
"Oh boy. 10 inches of snow last night."
"hey! Our team is #beatsam as in Beat Sam"
"Entertainment Listings - Vancouver Sun"
"totally belgian-y IPA"
"so bored. anyone want a shoutout? no? okay."
"People are finally starting to wake up lol :D"
"I'm going to sit here and listen to Courtney Love until face times me but I'm probably going to pass out so please don't hate me"
"Same here still wide awake"
"I didn't win & I'm sad, but it is not Emma's fault that I didn't win. She got lucky and I didn't! Why are people starting drama?"
"he beats his meat, not his chick!"
"obessed with victoria justice its just became offcial"
"in all seriousness, congratulations on ISO 16363:2012. Excellent job."
"It's hard to figure out who's loyal and who isnt ... It's better to keep distant til you prove me different ."
"Check out FULL MORTALITY by - Kindle Book of The Day bit.ly/SASSCER . Cool cover!"
"Don't lie to Women about their healthcare options The Karl Rove strategy may work in Texas but not in TwitterSpace."
"i am jealous i am from i miss those types of thing we just dont hev them in fl"
"Do I want this because it works or bc has one? fitbit.com"
"she started it!!"
"Taking dinner suggestions - whatcha got twitter?"
"I've been wanting to try on jackson & menomonee"
"the art of social media combat, an ongoing study"
"We agree!"
"Hemmed my first pair of pants tonight! #allbymyself #donttellmymom!"
"In the process of getting my hair highlighted red!"
"I saw that line on my way to work. Have fun!"
"Having the best peppermint mocha at Fourteen East in #midtowndetroit!"
"At Brit's Pub, contemplating the possibility of a pasties/pasties dinner and a show program."
"bi is bl session describes UCF's ITIL use: KPIs, SLAs, etc., in support of strategic goals"
"#Truth!!! At least your familiar with the term \"Don't shit where you eat\" ....."
"I guess so unfortunately."
"no. the future of the world.... duh."
"Sometimes you just have to let people go so they can be happy and move forward in life"
"I didn't put out much. So I left out what is now free and brought a couple of things back in."
"Gettin ready 2 hit on some drums...."
"So I just noticed it snowed a ton outside...crazy"
"Holy shit theres alot of things I have to do June 2nd"
"Do you need #Relationship #advice? Just ask Lynne: www.AustinOnTrackCounseling.com"
"Spent a day in my hometown, now I remember why I never moved back..."
"Well, it wasn't me. I'm curious about the cause."
"That's great. Look forward to your tweets. Take care. Roman"
"did take afternoon and took em to the zoo and we've played Apples to Apples and word on the Street tonight- that's big for me:)"
"think it would be first time nole and fed ahead of rafa. sorry, misread question, will butt out now!"
"I absolutely love yours too! It's gorgeous❤"
"followed you back sis since you told me to on facebook lol (:"
"Tonight, in Grandma's Ghetto Kitchen, Helen Stoviak prepares brutally over-baked potroast, iced tea in Pyrex, somehow served on 21 plates?"
"Fall for your type"
"Or it's \"All the news that's fit to copy so we can fund our own original reporting.\""
"I'm one of those people who feel like they did heroin every day before school.."
"I should have, but I had other plans. Kinda swole I missed it. I'm tryna hear you though, you gotta spit more. Get out that shell!"
"Happy #holidays to you, our local university, from NSHMBA-NM!"
"Nice day out today. Come to visit our patio and side walk Cafe. We have 1/2 off all appetizers on Sundays! Delicious food!"
"Wow. #DickClark. RIP."
"We're going into withdrawals, lol."
"Every dollar spent on substance abuse treatment saves $7-$9 in other system costs. How are treatment providers rewarded in IL? Budget cuts."
"So many amazing people on the list this yr Timothy Donnelly, Katharine Coles, Eliza Griswold, Eileen Myles, Judith Pascoe, and on and on..."
"Why is almost 80% of the unbuilt land in Virginia in private hands, while on the West Coast it's the reverse."
"haha I'm just giving you a hard time!!"
"idiotic statement you have to be smarter than that."
"Now that's what I'm talkin bout' Ayn Rand=Evil, sociopath Nihilist"
"RT IF YOU LOVE TWITTER :)"
"Want personal art for the holidays? Contact stunamidraws(at)gmail(dot)com by Dec. 10th . First come, first served."
"just think of me as the pages in your diary <3"
"Finely starting to feel better :)"
"I really wish you could see all of the tweets i have been sending you:/ It would mean ALOT Would you mind following me?<3"
"going to look into it next week!"
"Shows you how much I know. Pacific was phenomenal last year"
"show was too funny. cant wait to tune in next week ! lol"
"Christie Brinkley hasn't even opened her mouth and I want her to shut up."
"Why do people who I wanna retweet have their settings so I CAN'T!!!!!"
"Troy Tulowitzki with the Pagan Rule Triple."
"From now on when I refer to \"the deli\", i am speaking if"
"THANKS, LADY!! RT Everyone make sure to wish my roomsta a very Happy Birthday today!!!"
"#Tebowing in NY, Peyton with the bustin #Broncos, #HeinzWard retires, and #Saints up a creek. It's #marchmadness in the"
"Waking up, getting ready for our 3rd show at Kick Butt Coffee 2. We go on at 4pm, Free, all ages! It's going to be Kick Ass."
"i want to dance"
"Dying my hair today! So. Excited. Then fireworks show on Sunday & Fourth on Monday! Gon be good. ♥"
"Pandora Tests Live Show and Video Waters"
"We are happy to help in any way we can! Give us a call 972-304-6020."
"Oh my it's time to buy #NewTubeSocks :/"
"Stretching my ass off"
"Wish you were here. :("
"Launch of New Email Archiving Appliance Results in Sonasoft to Forge Network of Independent Sales Representatives"
"Columbia heights! Staying home sick today with a nasty head cold, but some Greek froyo would sure help!"
"Happy Fat Tuesday y'all."
"Geez c'mon"
"Omg, that's cute :)"
"Fitting! Our 100th follower of Asterix Group is our old friend ! Thank you ALL for the follows"
"Enjoying My Drinks while listening to the best Rock Music at my most Fav place in the City #PerfectCompany #PerfectMood :)"
"Training Myth: Great sources of training information for beginners can be found in fitness and bodybuilding magazines."
"Someone buy me a car! :)"
"OK Confucius. Tebow's more of a rah-rah guy than Barkley. Not sure who would argue with that."
"what will it take to get amazing to follow me and notice you mean the world to me so it would be a wish come true of u did <33"
"bout to head to band practice...then WAFFLES! ha"
"- Man you had to show that, boy that looks good"
"I can smell my son's feet across the room :0 he wont take his cowboy boots off even to sleep"
"I need more followers!!! Help me!!"
"Jackie, in order to win you need to add a profile photo so this looks like a real account :)"
"Scouts honor "
"Happy Thanksgiving!"
"North Carolina, Maine, and California. All of them treat Gay marriage the same way. Stop blaming the South please."
"Same station, new responsibilities. Seriously need to come see you guys! I don't have any spare livers though :-/"
"you too!!"
"PB and Jay wishes Jackson Wetherbee a happy B-Day!"
"love this"
"Lol does she hacked your twitter?"
"Checking out Rogers Forge apts this weekend-any good words on that complex?"
"Someone text me on this long early bus ride to Paris Texas."
":( RT : That's cool :D RT : This is what comes in the ticket package! Sick!!!"
"Guys we need more sample scripts! Send us some scripts to"
"I need my money pronto! 👏"
"Yes--thanks also for the correct spelling of Mr Isenberg's name! :)"
"yes a man can dance and not look gay."
"latkes in red square starts now!"
"some folks will do anything for a TD. Can't believe they sacrificed the QB like that wow. Nonetheless TD Pats. Wow."
"Happy New Year folks! Y'all have fun and STAY SAFE out there. Hope to see you in 2012!"
"I'm so hot that you would Probly catch a tan around this motha fucka"
"thank you so much for joining us last night and happy birthday, Tablehopper!"
"Staying Positive :)"
"I ran 5 races in the past two days and won 4 of them. Fuck I'm tired"
":O WHY NOT!!xx"
"my thoughts exactly hahaha"
"\"[T]he library in a small community may become a real center of light and leading\" - C. C. Williamson, 1918"
"Thanks for reaching out! Great music! I want more."
"Had a wonderful (& delicious) lunch at today for Mother's Day with my amazing daughter & family!"
"no she doesn't look at her followers and who she follows"
"nah I changed my mind, wbu"
"thx for reping KC brother! looking forward to talking soon"
"has to have the sexiest voice on earth. Oh baby. Xx"
"I say he's got a year left and as a #3 he could play well"
"I need an iTunes card! I need music in my phone!"
"either week works for me too -- b. sent an email out to us all - so we just need to hear from everlee now."
"re: 's authority on interviewing: \"I've done a lot of interviewing... of roommates\" lol re: tech interviews, of which, I fail"
"Jo-Wilfried Tsonga: “Apparently French Players Get Better After 27 Years Old” Jo-Wilfried Tsonga celebrated his 27th birthday with a win."
"RT : LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE* #tonefide a1"
"Lady (#twins fan) sitting next to me at spring training game: \"Ah... we gotta get a point out of this, the bases are loaded for peet sake\""
"integrity is important to winning in life"
"You mean the posters we had on the wall?"
"?? You mean prevention? RT : Is uterine and breast cancer what you call good womens reproductive health?"
"ANEN \": R.I.P Knicks until next year 😢”"
"need sim cutting service in nyc - pls advise!"
"Might go outside and ride my longboard (: Sweat pants hair tied tho Don't wanna get dressed (: txt me Dm me for the number (:"
"Be aware that you might experience light depression #PostRace due to a huge dip in endorphins."
"That's a tough one, but you can do it! #1plus1equals2 RT : math"
"Fighting Illini are Fighting Irrelevancy. Groce hire was last resort. Lesson learned: Dont fire coach til u have REAL replacemnt"
"thank the lord summer is here.. Pools,coronas,swimsuits..."
"to the Jack-Off who hacked my account, my wish to life long ring sting with no relief"
"How many people go on this account?"
"Sorry I can't message you unless you follow me. Can we just get a refund on one bag of frozen corn? acct:"
"First time going to uncle bacalas and not eating the cotton candy"
"Gov Dayton says he is still in listening mode on Vikings stadium"
"Doyle always said the DNR Chief should be selected by the Board. Well, until he became Gov. Then he changed his mind."
"Nobody cares if you hella faded or high!"
"it is nice sometimes to see people validate what we already believe to be true."
"Thanks for the retweet Basil :) Hope you're having a good weekend."
"Escalation #COD:BlackOps flow"
"Howdy. #FF to some"
"CAN I GET THOSE LIPS TO SPEAK MY NAME?"
"“: Loving this conversation right now.”"
"oh. my. GAWD! Look at that yawn!!!"
"HOP Night; ready for GLOW-RY NIGHT on Friday!! Gonna be crazy! =)"
"On the way to the Ward 5 Advisory Council Meeting for break out sessions on economic development."
"Dear \"The Pitch,\" please Google \"center cut safe.\" Thank you. Signed, a guy who still has a 4:3 TV."
"you okay?"
"aww your the best thanks for helping!!! :) Get Austin Mahone Verified"
"This Sun just fucked up my run ... its too hot for all of that !"
"Thanks for sharing that photo! Great jacket."
"Be Eco-friendly,use paper bags!!!"
"although it would be awesome to have you at that concert i dont want you to drive all the way down to greenville!"
"maybe not dumb, but very ineffective !"
"Thanks for the retweet! We appreciate the support! Stay in touch"
"Whenever I see a movie, I can't help but imagine the MST3K riff track that would play over top of it."
"Great, great job You inspire me!!"
"I actually did full purchase and checkout for a Time Capsule that way. I did have to show either the card for purchase or my ID."
"TY & you know know we love having such expert graphic artistry in #Beertown. says get working on NYT & Variety ads!"
"so the \"oh I can do THAT\" attitude hasn't been an issue"
"you're such a sick drummer!"
"So excited / nervous about my birthday party tonight!"
"what u up too"
"Black and white at 8am, robes at 11am, and black and white at 4pm. #blessings RT : are we wearing robes"
"Safe Travels & #CLIPPERS RT : Good moods, good vibes on the team plane. #Clippers headed to San Antonio for..."
"how to tell a lady from a hoe: take one look at her and you will already know."
"Submit a request to join on the Facebook Group page"
"\": Lmao omg everyone thinks I'm a stalker\" LOL. But you are! :P"
"Do actual human beings oppose birth control, or only politicians?"
"Oh wow im cleansing because last night i ate way too much! I think i gained 8pound last night."
"I need to find me a man 👫"
"when i vote, under what category, and how do i put your name"
"I completed the Dale Carnegie Sales Course. Anyone want to buy the Brooklyn Bridge? No? How about an experience with a bestselling author?"
"rangers are going back to Texas:)"
"These niggaz get tired quick"
"An average sports bettor will seldom have the time required or the know-how to properly handicap games"
"I just wanna love again that all !!"
"our event is on his website calendar already...these tickets are gonna go quickly! :-)"
"why wait for that day?They have kits to make your hair that perfect touch of gray! It'll be so hot ;)"
"\"Perfect is never doing anything wrong, which means never doing anything at all. Perfect is boring!\""
"Finished two great rehearsals, this weekend is going to be sweet! now it's time to get back to work. First a contrafact and then a reharm"
"Check out the link my homie sent ta ya and let me know what you think homie"
"Whoa. Seriously."
"phrase commonly heard from my mother while driving: \"wait, is that a road?\""
"ATTENTION people Is personally following her new followers and will follow u please follow her shehas the mostinspirational"
"Princess & Pea at SRCT opens Sat., Midsummer w/ Baron's Men opens Sept. 24th, & playing Mary Warren in Crucible @ City Theatre in October :)"
"RT : Best two words of advice might be: Let go"
"\"Jasper\" the 6 week old kitten I found has been adopted by a wonderful pair of Longwood University professors. He'll be treated very well."
"That is cool - it would be even cooler in Padres colors so ppl would wear to games."
"you smell;)"
"Oh my god really bitch? Really? Not the time to piss me off"
"yes, and its this week."
"i really wanted to go see yall today but i cant:/ have fun!!!"
"Gonna get my TB shot. Im scared"
"i thought more people would freak out that boosie was found not guilty."
"Hey followers go and follow ! He is a cool kid trust me(: you wont regret it(: promise<3"
"thanks for the reminder... I meant, why hasn't he been online?!? Jerk!"
"How did I stop listening to underoath, Norma Jean and alexisonfire .. Fuck bad break ups musics forever"
"Don't miss performing live at Rumbas at westpalm beach!"
"Jesus said, Healthy people don’t need a doctor-sick people do...For I have come 2 call not the righteous,but those who r sinners.Mat 9:12-13"
"final deadline for their #screenplay competition is Nov. 15! Finishing some edits and reworking scenes today!"
"Ticket booked for Buenos Aires. Any recs? DM me!"
"omg. You two are en fuego."
"Silence is a girl’s loudest cry. You can really tell she’s really hurt when she starts ignoring you."
"I haven't been able to breath through my nose for weeks. Do you have any remedies you're using?"
"Did you get your free comics today?"
"May your life get a 5-cupcake rating ~ Chelsea Pressman (from inkBLOT : the Novel)"
"well what did u say???"
"Hello Twitterverse! Have a great, talented friend looking for a sports editorial gig in San Diego - LMK if anyone's looking."
"im ready to curl up in a ball & die"
"#Metro Center is Ficelle day!!!"
"well take my advice and change it lol"
"Tax #wonk Don Williamson is our latest \"person in the know\" ... read his profile & take his challenge at americanwonks.com"
"WHY IS THIS SO HARD TO REMEMBER: \"There is no ‘you’… there is only Life disguised as everything\""
"The trees, the leaves on the ground, the wind..everything moves around you - including yourself - since the universe is expanding."
"you will do fine :]"
"Sometimes I like spam accounts. RT Ziegenhagen, in turn, used to live with musicians and had been impressing upon..."
"Thanks Kelly! We r pumped!"
"I have a cold but I'm doing alright. Just trying to keep busy and work on my hustle :)"
"Hey Tweeps. Good AM to you. Lots to do around #KillaCity. Have fun. Be safe. Feliz Cinco de Mayo."
"How do bankruptcy lawyers expect to be paid?"
"you really\"clown-fearing\"I have a daughter like that &she doesn't like mascots,masks"
"Burnt-food-smell is always the worse thing to get out of the house. And clothes. And the dog."
"Hi! I love the loreal one in the blue bottle. It is oil free and very gentle. And, it works!"
"i didn't know! i like the name of his blog \"sokillingman.com\" -why didn't i think of that?"
"Goin to be on this account agian but srry not talkin to any of y'all just her to do the usuall(: Also follow my other account"
"it's like over my twitter feed haha"
"I have so many reasons to let go but I don’t know why I’m still holding on."
"What games today! Looking forward to #Germany vs."
"lol it looks cool"
"TweetCaster RT : What mobile Twitter App do u use? I use Echofon. Maybe yours is better?"
"I get a little vanilla/choc swirl, root beer & cake batter yogurts, then add berries, gummy bears & cookie dough!"
"Women - more emotional intelligence and men - more stuff intelligence."
"Ha, I'm game. Just need to find the rest of our cult members, first."
"Thanks for the follow Cheryl!"
"Hangin' out with Victor made me miss New Orleans even more!"
"#CNNLive getting BALLSY! Should've tried that sooner, maybe your dad would have GOP nomination!"
"I'm saving up for Thursday :) I hope the curry ketchup is back. I plan on eating 700 fries"
"i think you were at powerplant tonight!!!"
"Ever wake up before your alarm and realize you'd felt less tired if you'd just stayed awake? Woke up at 5, fell asleep at 6.. Ugh! So tired."
"I THINK THAT FOR WHAT IT IS THE MTV LIST IS SOMEWHAT ACCURATE AS IT STANDS. I GUESS I CAN CASH IN SOME COOL POINTS FOR THAT ONE! LOL"
"“: One more chance is better than none!” yessir!!"
"YEA HE WON'T BREAK YOUR HEART"
"Who are other Reps in support of guns on campus?"
"Warm weather is arriving. You know what that means! Tee shirts!"
"The dates of the Open Beta haven't been announced. When we send them out, I'll make sure you get one! :)"
"Tornado sirens going off...wind, rain, and wall clouds abound...fingers crossed..."
"Some things were never meant to be."
"If twitter had a 'like' button I would push it!"
"Oxy Microsoft: Click Start to shut down"
"my dad is yelling in my ear about football. yelling is not gonna do anything. besides kill my eardrums. shhhh."
"yes I am that girl :)"
"Ima sagg my pants n hold my Dick all day today... Just so niggas knw I can b on my G shit lol"
"I almost bought a mango the other day, but I didn't know how to eat it. Like an apple? Peel & cut? Skinless?"
"They who are of the opinion that Money will do everything, may very well be suspected to do everything for Money"
"Hi #libchat I'm Jessi and in a post-MLS fellowship"
"GTL in preparation for Bahamas!! Wooopwoooop!"
"I had lavender again! :) FYI - I'm totally going to be talking your soda up. I'm very happy with my whole experience!"
"Rock and Roll ain't noise pollution."
"Happy Kwanzaa everybody."
"got it. Sorry for my misunderstanding."
"Sweet! I'm so proud of the great work our teachers R doing. We have some remarkable teacher leaders in the"
"Monitoring Fermilab severe weather conference with Bjork song \"Storm\" stuck in my head. It's sad how much a Bjork fan I've become."
"Can't wait to go back to Minneapolis tonight. I'm losing my mind in Iron Mountain."
"Last week of my career. I'm starting to get anxious : \"
"Just downloaded Nikki Jean's new album. It is great - if you liked her on LFiasco's album, you'll love this work."
"The best part about #winter is knowing that your fly's down as soon as you walk outside."
"My pops literally drives 20mph...even on Germantown parkway...omg pullover and let me drive!!"
"BOL!! That's it! That's the one!!!"
"RT : How will the #Olympics affect daily life and business in London? shares insights and contigency plans...."
"Strange... the OED (at least my Compact Edition) lists \"sibling\" as obsolete. I think it's a perfectly cromulent word."
"Cookies & cream ice cream and reading His Dark Materials on my sun drenched stoop is a great way to spend the day."
"do you have iTunes?"
"Wow I don't feel like moving"
"We want Tacos!"
"Wow tomorrow is my last full day of high school left man time goes fast."
"My recent experiences are limited to adults, so I am only speaking about post-secondary - I respect your point-of-view."
"Have you ever tried aromatherapy to relieve everyday stress?"
"I'm learning YouTube tips w/ , & SeanMalarkey #social truth"
"you've been practicing for this moment for years!"
"Welcome to Twitter, you're gonna have a blast!"
"Nine In The Afternoon - Panic! At The Disco. :D I'm loving this, so much good music! :D <3 haha"
"I loved it too, over 100 animators.... Crazy"
"Jamming to Dio. Miss ya"
"lol doing great! How r u?"
"thanks so much man was an awesome show!"
"the unitards should come with a warning: don't drink loads of water and then go to #yoga class :-)"
"lol thats cool tho you look into it and u find so many things are similiar... he's teaching you :)"
"So I had hell of a workout, then school, then meet with friends. Now I'm simply tired."
"you're such a geek :)"
"How is 2 Chainz still trending?"
"hope so!"
"I want to win Snooki swag & read #GorillaBeach from because snooki is going to be one great mommy/wife. Supporting my grl!"
"'Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth.' ~John F. Kennedy"
"lmao its fine (:"
"calculated risks.... but high none the less. Real talk."
"does the Hanover Grand on 6 Hanover Street in London still exist? Can't find a current website and phone number is out of service too! :-("
"stay tuned ;)"
"how are you?"
"Actually, I never see tobiko, but I easily get masago almost anywhere in the USA. It comes from an Atlantic fish called Capelin."
"june, I think I can swing that. Where we going too? Stateside, beach, cruise, amusement park?"
"We will make BETTER and better-for-you juices! My kitchen was nor prepared for the juicer delivery :)"
"Cake cake cake put ur name on it!!"
"I'm tired of all this extra drama I swear!"
"the warroirs won the toss today so who would y get in the draft..74 percent chance for 1 to 7th pick.."
"That's pretty analog. I was thinking about how you work as I wrote that tweet."
"axe to the grindstone . . . . monday. sigh . already?"
"On the road to Houston, I cant wait to get there already, and to weigh-in tomarrow, IM HUNGRY!!!!!!"
"Come to the hall 1st RT : I wish I could - but I have the Broadway at Birdland concert!"
"they need to stand up for you since you can't speak hooman. Mom learned hard way but it wasn't too layte"
"A4: We have a mobile-friendly website and have other businesses sign up for events using QR codes"
"Does he know it's disgusting to blow your nose anywhere close to where people are eating.. Dude please excuse yourself"
"I love when people ignore me"
"When a bitch/niqqa is cuffed & swear fuckin the homies is cute #we don't do those ."
"got you man"
"Perfect day for rooftop pool party at the with"
"I should probably go get my hair done"
"niggas is touchin the floor to much for this to b a basketball game"
"when they start talking about how I'd react to the news , im like \"bitch Im already dead to you huh?\""
"Do you actually have any real ideas to share? Or will you just keep attacking instead of designing your own camp.?"
"happy mothers day to my little big cousin ....u will always be my pig"
"Eh? I won't be getting it, my computer can't run it. Now, if it is released for consoles as the rumors claim... ;)"
"I love your video's, good job!"
"Which, however, seems to be a problem....MT iBooks Author is only for authoring iBooks -- no EPUB support at all..."
"You're so clever, but clever ain't wise."
"Old School~ Heidi Well do you want me to be honest or do you want me to tell you this is the first time"
"city council is a public service. Refuse your salary and rid assistant positions! Saving city potentially millions!"
"\"I watched people leave and then come right back, I never wanted any part of that.\""
"Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist."
"write night with ."
"Bur.....7 degrees in Canaan Valley tonight!"
"someone text me..."
"Yea man!"
"Up gettin ready to go to Church. JAH BLESSINGS!"
"Nice Alex!"
"almost done almost done almost done...."
"GO FOLLOW MY NEIGHBOR >> << HE NEED 1 MORE FOLLOWERS FOR 200 : )"
"RT : Dr. Rimlawi from says minimally invasive spine surgery means less pain, less time, less scarring."
"I miss you!!! I hope to see you soon"
"At #weightofthenation premier in Austin. Great film re obesity problem in USA. How long before there are serious tax implications."
"Wish you hadn't said that. I was trying to convince myself to go to bed."
"Ordered Fuel tonight. So much more MMA for me."
"It's about damn time you fucking jerk."
"Was unconventional and relied on his legs too much. Traded to SF and was given time to develop behind Montana. Later became a Superbowl MVP."
"I wonder how this world would be if everyone just felt beautful."
"Exam and 2 lab reports to write before the game tonight. Really contemplating burning down Chem/Phys tonight instead of just couches."
"What would you do with $50 to the store? Enter our giveaway for a chance to find out! www.Facebook.com/RachelandCo"
"Working on my message for Sunday and hanging with Peter while Jenni's subbing! He's such a funny kid!"
"haha awesome did u go?"
"thanks Gionni. Best of luck!"
"Come on heat"
"thanks. make good use of those 6 seconds..."
"nah, we're a band from Texas. working on franchise tax mumbo jumbo for State of California right now..."
"I speak my mind and I don't censor it ..."
"No that's you \"multi-taskin'\" in KW LOL!"
"Whatever my artist want to do, we can do it. It's nothing."
"Great convos at Houston Corporate Ediscovery Forum, Judges panel discussed sources vs custodian, time to change terms? #ediscovery ^BM"
"please follow me! i love you so much! <3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN! I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS! <333333!"
"Got grounded this morning. D:< Not okay. Anywhoo, Cj's tomorrow & Poody' tomorrow night & Sunday. Jack's on Wensday. Iloveyouallll, <3"
"Indeed I am! Hoping to get the screens burned in time to start pulling some ink next weekend."
"ha it is"
"Where u at? How is it?"
"Hey there, (BizDegrees), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!"
"And just to clarify, I'm not trying to humblebrag. Just thinking here."
"Gearing up for what promises to be a long day at the writing center."
"As far as \"preparedness\" goes in blackout, I only have a flashlight app and it help me find my iPad so I can watch Vampire Diaries"
"May your surgery go very well and recovery swift. *hugs*"
"I love that you have a trampoline!! I hope it stays clear of semi-heavs."
"thanks for all of the incredible help today."
"...and someone whose life could have turned out so different :/"
"Gotta be a warrior of love -Fiji"
"search for the cache on www.geocaching.com by searching for the “wild canyon games” cache by name or search via geocache code:GC20C5Y"
"Ian, have I introduced you to yet? I knew him back when I was in Vegas and always admired his talent"
"Love hearing is having a positive impact at the #NFLCombines. picks players with high talent and character."
"I'm back didnt try to do dat"
"R u there??"
"i need more followers please i need soome more"
"Replacing a old shower head can save up to 7.5 gallons of water per minute without sacrificing full spray action at low/high water pressures"
"Got all this glitter crap on me wondering where it came from"
"ThermaCELL contest has great prizes. Use my code when you enter: 4RBFQ. thermacell.com/mosquito-repellent/backyard/promotions"
"at a dnc private party- no idea who these ppl are- lol"
"Congrats Melanie #TheXfacter she deserves it"
"Finally! tonight. I'm dressing up as Cersei and punching myself in the face every time I see Joff on screen."
"Americans love lists."
"On my way to"
"Boy, you are NOT a fan of that show. You don't even have to attach a"
"\"The secret of happiness is to admire without desiring.\" - Francis H. Bradley"
"considering a side career in writing reviews for online purchases...which really means more online shopping for me!"
"dude. This place is a ghost town."
"woo new job! sorry Pottery Barn it's been a fun trip :D"
"This literally is a text I just got So your dick is on point :)))"
"Brazil, Morocco, London to Ibiza! Who's wit me?!"
"PickUpLine: I'd like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart"
"#MKExpo you are awesome, thank you!!!!"
"If you're looking for shenanigans, follow our fav #WindowNation endorsers"
"White House Correspondents Dinner parties. But I'm home now. Dead tired!"
"Delicious RT : Ham, egg & cheese on english muffin RT : Q2 If you have time to enjoy, What is"
"Opening Night THE LABYRINTH OF DESIRE! Witty romantic comedy about a love triangle that turns into a square! 9/24 - 10/3 theatre.sdsu.edu"
"please mike. Show at Cleveland HOS me and Mac will be first there :)"
"I shouldd put a fur coat on him."
"Oh great! Thanks for the info! :)"
"ready to dive in and get all website about it!"
"yeah I don't know anything about Adonis Thomas but obviously they saw something. I bet Obie get cut & Thomas makes PS in the end"
"thanks for the tweet! ^JM"
"NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Watch for Autauga, Bibb, Bullock, Chambers, Chilton, Coosa, Dallas, Elmore, Lee, Lowndes, Macon,"
"That is both ridiculous and beyond awesome."
"Looking for that brighter day hm..."
"Had some of the best sleep ever last night"
"“: Happy sweet sixteen to my beautiful best friend karleeelovesyou :) I love you!” I love you! <3 & thanks :)"
": awww too sweet. thanks to the lady who is THEE best singer I know! #PopStar #StarintheMaking #R&B"
"Just received a flyer about getting a 2nd coat of paint on my house instead the usual \"get the entire house painted\" pitch. Nice approach!"
"So who's going to have some Donna Summer songs ready for at tonight in tribute?"
"& I still read those texts and regret every word I said.. I'm sorry."
"i just need to find a shirt that would match it nicely"
"Bagel & coffee before a 1/2 day of school >>> #yum #GettingOuttaSchoolEarly<3"
"Anyone know how long it takes to get an updated app reviewed in the iOs app store? 7 days and counting…"
"Saw the worst accident on 41N on my way to work. Hoping everyone is ok."
"dude be careful!"
"26 miners rescued! Only 7 more to go!"
"I would love that!"
"Just watched The Lincoln Lawyer..very underrated and very good movie..I was wondering whatever happened to Ryan Phillippe."
"Tonight we are young!!"
"Thanks man. Happy to disappoint."
"Heading to the studio to record a couple of #jazz tracks w/Davell Crawford - piano prince of N.O. tonight. Long overdue."
"#point lol! Because I'm over here wishing I HAD invested in apple, but what did I know? I was 10! lol"
"that moment when you find out something you did not want to happen.."
"oh my lauwd! I need all of the things...ALL OF THEM!"
"Please welcome LionessDeja to the Max life"
"is my mom ever saw me writing #niallwhipshispenis she would smack me!"
"get a new laptop for pennies, tonight at Bidfather!"
"Happy Administrative Professionals Day!"
"Happy New Years to all my friends. Let us surround ourselves with lot's of white light and allow it to travel to all our friends and frien…"
"Boys use the word love to replace I really like you"
"Trust me, you're not."
"what kinds of Liquor"
"RT : Politics is not for the thin skinned. Inouye's legacy does not leave him immune to political critique."
"Great job Kansas Jay Hawks #NCAA ( ain't no haters ova here) ..."
"\"I can show you these spreadsheets...\" \"Sure! Yeah!\""
"alright im back"
"Happy Easter everyone:)"
"I don't mind stealing bread, from the mouths of decadence. But I can feed off the powerless, when my cup's already overfilled."
"I just found that out a few months ah then I was reminded about it again today"
"Yes new icon of them so pretty :D"
"idiot. Hate ppl who crack their iphone screens. Reminds me Of joe gil."
"haha, I was gonna say.. that is pretty awkward!"
"people who think that will never see their tweets, shouldn't give up :)"
"I'm already following you!"
"what do you want me to tell you about? Lol. Twitter was still the same. Haha. (:"
"The way that shit spams facebook makes me stay away."
"I wanna get a tattoo. My friend is actually helping me design one now."
"a big Mahalo for the follow!"
"got bruises all over my legs and back #wtf :("
"We serve lunch and dinner and our kitchen only closes 1am. Come and join us for late munches! Salute to Life!"
"followed you! :D"
"thanks for liking<3"
"when u coming back?!?!"
"Happy Friday! Can't wait to fiesta #rotrally style"
"That one person that always makes me happy!"
"Am I the best"
"I'm trying to watch Katt Williams on Comedy Central but there are so many bleeps I can't understand the man. Loosen up CC!"
"I just realized how thin my walls are. My neighbor was sneezing, I jokingly said \"God Bless You\" and they thanked me."
"I really hope this works out..."
"Don't judge people, or they will judge you right back."
"Great speech ll!"
"Sounds like the cash for clunkers clunked - what is happening to us? More and more looking for handouts believing it is deserved"
"The people in Wal-Mart are really weird..."
"2nd yr in a row we are voted a #1 least hazardous & \"excellent\" UVA protection by EWG. A fact we are really proud of!"
"burn it with fire!"
"please follow mee ♥"
"that gotta suck so what are you using to post"
"I know, I know. And I'm gonna find out hahaha :)"
"We have got to do better. Lol"
"Today's S.S. special is the Turtle Wrap! homemade flour tortilla with arugula, onion, tomato, and mint lime cream cheese!"
"Right back at you!!! I have been following from afar :)"
"every Tues enter to win a FREE SPRAY TAN! dm us!"
"My mentions are dead."
"last day before a short vacation"
"Thanks for the shout out!"
"Done working smoothies with early today!"
"Will you respond if I say \"Hello\"??? :-)"
"dont think it would look good on me! ;)"
"Little Tokyo is the best place to buy expensive things made in China."
"on my back. wheels up. in the yard. not gonna lie. this is all yer getting outta me today!"
"Yea. All my cousins still do it for my grandmother. The oldest is 27 and my sister the youngest is 14"
"Just left the studio for a few"
"Oh gosh, would I ever be right there with you! My husband tells me all the time."
"I love TheSquishyGuppyShoww on youtube. Lmfao they're hilarious they should make more videos!"
"It's finna be Summer tho...RT : I'm here to tell the TwitterWorld out loud \"I'm in it for the long haul!!!\""
"nice shoes"
"I didn't read the books :-("
"I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?"
"shitty persons are made to be together though"
"LOVE That picture!!! Puppy Kei is so cute and Miss Hippe you're a close second!"
"Can someone tell Buzz that it's impossible to go beyond infinity, guy's pretty stupid for an astronaut"
"happy birthday 3"
"yoooo my bad g. I hit u tonite"
"#WEEI is taking over 93.7 - so I guess #MikeFM new slogan will be - Mike FM - we play nothing!"
"I'm a shameless hussie..."
"I believe in caring deeply and being beyond caring"
"Think should submit a video for the Sundrop 'drop it like it's hot' campaign. What u say"
"There's no way I could stand watching WiFi sync; I'd flip out. It happens overnight or not at all here. :/"
"ive been trying to bring back the word \"dope\" for a while now, so everyone try this at home \"thanks for the dope present\""
"everyone be tryna play me to the left like I ain't that nigha. Tf is wrong with y'all?! Lol"
"+1 #shutthehelluppierre RT : The best part about these West coast playoff games?... no Piere McGuire!"
"Wanted to thank Jon Allhart for including me as part a panel discussion along with Catalana, Ebeneezer and Dan Mason. Enjoyed it."
"oregon association of Builders think we'll see small improvement in the housing market through the Fall."
"i want to text skylar back because she's pretty but um she hasn't sent me nudes so what's the point???"
"i told christina already, the girl was hot man"
"Sharks fans."
"Happy Chinese New Year !!"
"No it isn't."
"SO WE WILL SEE."
"Technically you were supposed to pay it (few do). Now the tax collection burden is moved on to Amazon. :-)"
"RT : today at 4:20p at #AHCJ12: working out a business plan, for freelancers and others (Atlanta 4-5)"
"be the nice guy. If everyone always tries to get even, no one gets ahead."
"I already said were going back to Cincy. RT : I want to go to another Steelers game *cough cough*"
"uh woah. what is this. I'm on twitter again? And before 7 am?! O_O WHAT IS THIS."
"Hello new followers ,thanks for the follow."
"Thank you Steve Jobs for all your amazing inventions - You will be missed."
"I go out all the time when I'm traveling on business. When I'm not traveling I sometimes stay in and drink at my place!"
"depends on where you live. Lol!!"
"Have you ever heard Alan Cumming speak irl? Holy crap, he has a really strong Scottish accent! Does an amazing job playing an American."
"Happy New Year Sydney, Melbourne, Canberra, Hobart, Port Vila"
"Tryin 2 get more raw foods into my diet - Just made a green smoothie: almond milk, granny smith apple, spinach, celery & almond butter. Yum!"
"was she cool back then like she is now?"
"33 in one day? I was feeling proud of myself for finally going over the 100 mark. You win the prize. Hint: It's"
"Welp, since I've been wide awake since like 4 I guess I'll go into work early? Frees up my afternoon at least..."
"you really did it? Lol"
"Progressing toward launch date. FYI, tweets now show on the Ebuxing.com site."
"Eric Bledsoe was somehow taking over. Then he threw a pass to the ref."
"#NeverShouldYouEver leave an important and meaningful relationship for a guy who is only interested in adding you to his girl list."
"CAM ON HELL"
"Loved the halftime show!"
"A huge thank you Casey! Really appreciate the support!"
"I would never go bungee jumping. A broken rubber brought me into this world, it sure as heck ain't taking me out."
"Indeed...nice post. I've got a roter in my cellar I'm slowly working my way towards."
"they are so dumb! Omg i know like jb is perfect! Austin is well eh.... Lol"
"I love seeing OKC play like this, not only because the #Thunder are just awesome, but I know that is loving it too!"
"Fun, thought-provoking chat with and on a gorgeous sunny Seattle afternoon -- thanks for the time + insight"
"Happy Birthday to one ahhhhmaaaaahhhzing young woman! <3"
"Ugh! Annoying parents of the other team are annoying."
"Nope and you are losing. Too bad."
"turns out is on this."
"It will be interesting to see where players end up after the firesale. Borja Valero and Bruno are very interesting players."
"Staying at the Park Plaza, graduating in the morning...where the hell did my life go?"
"The axe man cometh"
"don't forget to TAG your friends, TAGGING is FREE :) and you friends would love you, if you tag them and they win..."
"GET PERSONAL! Personal Training SALE Nov.15-30 at all 7 YMCA of Austin locations. Buy 2 sessions, Get 1 FREE. Great holiday gift!..."
"well! Having a laugh wiv my bruv.. Wat r u wearing for p.e tomoz? :)"
"just called 5 fsbo's for viewings and not one will show their home...no wonder the homes don't sell!"
"Thank you, Barbara - I hope all is well!"
"We JUST stopped at a Starbucks...and I've never heard of Cabela's!"
"Thank you so much, Alicia! We are thrilled!"
"Happy thanksgiving everyone and please follow my new boxing career the road to kimbo since I miss out on tyson"
"The curse of curves."
"Tomorrow is looking like the day my new site could launch."
"If you gotta scrap up change to eat out then yo tail need to just go home and get full off of crackers &h20"
"We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!"
"best thing is... it is fully functional. We have lopped off the heads of several, reviled capitalists already."
"I feel like going to the mall. c:"
"Wish you were all going to be in the City since you're all so fun to watch! I would not fit in w the Persian Version in G.N. lol"
"ORCID data will be released under CC0 lic so no restrict on what can be done with data, includ comm. use. Privacy implications."
"That sounds pretty and yummy!"
"To destroy is always the first step in any creation. ~ e. e. cummings"
"Any one can hold the helm when the sea is calm. - Publilius Syrus"
"can't wait to c the episode.. Wish he hadn't been cancelled..:("
"is awesome!!! Glad I go back tomorrow! Hope one of my homebrews places in the comp..."
"Cute photo on your Tumblr! :D"
"Pens vs Flyers is melting my addled mind. Time for another Malibu and Pineapple."
"No. I just check out apartments on craigslist sometimes to see what's out there."
"Want to do something interesting today? Read Nikolai Lobachevsky's \"geometrical researches on the theory of parallels\" 52pp"
"we would be really happy to see you there! We also have a #NARIP London twitter by the way"
"SAME O;"
"suck harder"
"Dear , I did not get your email. Boo."
"Paul Pierce has hit as many, if not modem big shots than anyone I've seen"
"Take it down a notch, Carrie Underwood."
"Happy birthday,"
"going to sleep now good nite all my twitter friends"
"One last"
"omfg hello welcome to my twitter i apologize rn"
"Indiana State great answer! How about Evansville? Two good ones from same state? Indiana warm ups may complete the triple play."
"Thanks so much!"
"caught him good first round after he got out of jail and mistakenly left Ann Wolfe"
"Amazing workout this morning! Insanity month 1 one more day and onto month 2!"
"Without a goal, discipline is nothing but self-punishment."
"When people ask me over & over &over &over & over again why I'm so quiet < < < < < < < < How bout just leaving me alone ?"
"Gotta finish wrapping Gia's gifts. Letting her open them at midnight."
"who names their son Guy?"
"RT If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. great stuff man"
". created Noredink, a tool for teaching kids grammar using the pop culture around them that they already love. #technori AWESOME."
"And I'm 30 min early!!"
"My New Update Live"
"If you were in LA, yes. Good luck with the short."
"\"is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music. - Sergei Rachmaninoff\""
"Valentines day. A day where you can sit around and feast on chocolate thinking about why you don't have a boyfriend"
"Putting on a little Beastie Boys vinyl tonight on honor of #MCA. First celeb death to make me sad in a long time! MCA...rock the mic today!"
"My hubbie, who works for IBM, is not deleting his, because he feels the same way as you. just fyi...There are others. ;)"
"by the way....congratulations on a successful BB season! Good job coach! They should have given you a week long vacation!"
"why are you do fabulous? Love this (you know how much I like sparkly things)"
"Yes, false dichotomies are legend in educational analyses"
"I love TED! going to listen to this one.. Thanks!"
"come on"
"At work...I didn't get much slee last night. I think I might have insomia."
"next time I'll give you money so you can buy it. ((:"
"Ya of course! :) Just look up Unseen Beast we have two pages one you can add as a friend and then one you can like!"
"I'm sure yall let a nigger stick his finger in ya ass while yall fuck....lying hoes"
"I'm Never Putting You Down Beast Bestie ' <3"
"always been dope wrd to when i get down there i gotta met him i used to watch rize everyday ,even caught myself tryna krump"
"We follow you!"
"How am I getting outdoors? Long a** bike ride planned for Sunday!"
"also, wondering if u would like to do an interview on a Sat. betw 6-10pm or something live @ the station in New Brunswick, NJ ...?"
"love ya:)"
"I mean, it'd be real cool if I could find that one guy who was awesome and I could have a relationship with."
"RT : Big hugs to my family on"
"Congrats!!!!!! :D Is you new house still close by?"
"Almost home after driving from Austin strayte"
"thanks for the post yesterday. Have a great day today."
"Slept all day, but now im up eatting like a fat person, and igotta do my hair. Today should be fun"
"Happy birthday to you ! We love you so much girl! Congrats and much gifts!"
"This is cool, I never saw anything like this."
"Shontae Smith-hes not dead i am at the hospital now im his cousin keep him n yur prayers he is respondin n slowly makin progress"
"Partying in Old City tonight for absolutely no reason ... break time!!!"
"R there a lot of injuries in those races?...seems like a lot of slip-n-slides--nature's style"
"THAT'S THREE DAYS IN A ROW"
"I'm guessing you don't like scary movies?"
"Happy Earth Day 2012!"
"I'm a Leo......but I'm quiet in public.....but behind closed doors.....u gone need some earplugs 😜"
"Adjourned, waiting for the report of the task force concerning unincorporated Cook."
"The house,which was built a year after the Great Baltimore Fire, used reinforced concrete because it was safer."
"u suck. Enjoy your chicken fingers homo"
"ALL GOOD PUSSY EATERS TALK WITH THIER TONGUE!!!!!"
"hope you and the aussies enjoyed!"
"This humidity <<<< my hair has to go up :("
"My nieces are so goofy, just like their auntie. Makayla is hitting Cornika with a pillow and she is laughing so hard. They got me laughing."
"Gotta think the guy on TV made an honest mistake while live on the air. No excuse for putting headline on website."
"wow thanks for sharing your Pinterest boards. You guys have done a great job! Totally following them. :)"
"true story."
"Love isn't complicated people are complicated"
"It's not about me&u anymore. It's about u being afraid of her & iCnt compete with that : ("
"Okay, that's just a scary, scary concept. But you know there's a group of women somewhere salivating for that list!"
"What an amazing run for THE ARTIST. Heartfelt movie, heartfelt night."
"Guy: *follows girl* Girl: *turns around* Why are you following me? Guy: Because when i was younger my mom told me to follow my dreams."
"Ill get u when ur sleeping..its not rape if both parties dont really want it"
"Sympathy or Empathy at Work? What's The Business Benefit?"
"I added 171 followers in a week by tweeting. Thanks to all who follow me, I will follow you back."
"A king with no crown"
"Evidence is where? Rooney has carried them pretty much most of the season. Hernandez has been awful and Welbeck patchy."
"sure u did"
"Where's my Minnesota Pump n Run peeps at?"
"you too! And i'll be partying for new years :)"
"Just called and spoke with Alisha, super nice. Looking forward to seeing what we can do together to make me feel better again"
"Reviewing Leon Collins\" 53"
"This is creepy that it tells people where I am..."
"We can make our own plans, but the Lord gives the right answer. Proverbs 16:1,"
"time is money so make every minute count"
"Welcome Derek. Take off your clothes and stay awhile."
"out of all the things this happen"
"Its finally feeling like spring"
"Morning Cleveland... hope its a Good Monday for everyone!"
"#albumintros \"Baba O Riley\" Who's Next, \"Break On Through\" The Doors, \"Smells Like Teen Spirit\" Nevermind."
"I bet D even has the cuffs to make an arrest..."
"Ah crap I think I'm getting sick now. -__-"
"Italian film fest May 1 and 2 free movies at UWM Union theatre"
"Nice to see you again, Lourine. Thanks for the RT. Keep looking up!"
"who will be the last caller?"
"Happy New Year friends! Be safe tonight... Wishing you all an AMAZING 2012!"
"It's been a long time since I got dressed up in went out......."
"y wont you do the same ?"
"Dare to be YOU!!! Write out your biggest dream and start to live it."
"So Joe Biden says he's comfortable with gay marriage. I bet santorum could change his mind."
"Wow, Rome...you've hit a new low of self-promotion. Get over yourself."
"Haven't been in a few weeks. Check out that free putting green?"
"Seeing Manning wearing another team's uniform is going to be a weird sight."
"Financial loss due to digital piracy in USA (2010): 10 Billion USD"
"Some one side jacked my yahoo..i am very pissed"
"Our team is ready for the South Beach Triathlon this Sunday! Come cheer us on at 7:30am at 5th&Ocean! cc:"
"It's like I'm watching an NBA Jam game"
"I've always been here, never left, LOL"
"That's fierce."
"Just got this text from my brother who is getting married in August:"
"always... same here!"
"I'm good at helping with physical pain, not emotional. I can defend when I need to and offend when I need to. But I can't help with emotions"
"especially when you in the crib by yoself. lol. spooky."
"oh no :( i hope you don't"
"what Dose rt mean"
"haha! Because it's loud and smelly:)"
"Our musicians still haven't shown up. About time to bust out"
"Just tapped Anthem Apple Cider."
"can't go wrong either way - classic aviators are the 'ish."
"great job today enjoyed your coverage.they are on fox this year"
"- good one Veezy="
"Chad's first pick for the morning in the shower is \"Time to Pretend.\" guess he needs a pep talk."
"Welcome and I am now following!"
"crazy right?"
"great seminar yesterday by ! engaging speaker, great ideas for how to help out in the community."
"Music legends Wiz Khalifa and Snoop Dogg in DC tomorrow night at 9:30 club"
"Music is 90% Business!"
"Hey I want a S/o please!"
"does anyone have any ideas for homemade easter cards?"
"make sure you have a power light on the furnace. Small led light on circuit board"
"i feel amazing!"
"10th may 2012 auctioning a SIGNED #CoronationStreet Sign on ebay raising money for Kyran & RT!"
"What it do? --> Hello, how are things going? #GhettoTranslations\""
"If I had a#KeurigVue brewer I would call it my little lifesaver."
"My house smells funny. Not funny ha ha. Time to light some candles and play \"find that smell\""
"Team Meeting Tuesday May 31st!!! email for details!!!"
"Anybody watching Wheel of Fortune? Tell me that guy in the middle doesn't look like Napoleon Dynamite."
"\"Anna's emotions immediately transform into resentment at his bullying tone\"- ANNA CHRISTIE"
"Telling a girl she is a non mtf factor."
"What do you mean by this? Just curious."
"H is sick; fever, aches, etc. Wonder if she has strep throat. She's propped up on the sofa with juice and rice pudding, and plenty of Buffy."
"follow me please"
"I'm in Japan now - enjoying time with my family - and thinking about my family in PDX!"
"Your good intentions slowly turn to bitterness, reoccurring episodes with each and every kiss"
"I would also argue it isn't accurate. :)"
"and have been looking for a natural cure for yeast infection"
"Is Paul's announcement today to get booing fans & son's gaffe out of the news?"
"read about this today...best of luck brotha!"
"Falling in love is all bittersweet."
"Man my son fitted sheet is always off his bed what does this lil dude be doin whn he sleep. SMH"
"Some shit in the works all imma do is keep grindin an wait lol"
"having the money to wash your clothes"
"if you need tax help give me a call 415-225-1648 or email"
"No regrets!!"
"You know, I've noticed that no matter how bad people's lives are at one point. Happiness always comes back for them."
"Put it in the air!"
"it's easy- once you cut the toenails."
"Today: scratch cooking training and healthy recipes development with Bureau Valley School District's kitchen staff!"
"I can add one - #4. A fear of complacency and an unwavering desire to succeed."
"Mary Carillo returns to New England to reconnect with Team Hoyt on the next episode of Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel. Real Sports premier…"
"i already answered with the number #111144 ;)"
"Dinner with my rents<3 #nevereatingagain!"
"8o that's hard to believe"
"They have thus far; I'm hopeful."
"Thats dude name he rap that song"
"Happy Hump Day!!!!!"
"Not tweeting??? That sounds foreign to me."
"I don't think I could count that high. Wait, it's a countDOWN, so I don't think I can count that low. Now I'm confused"
"NEWS BULLETIN: Durian is the most disgusting fruit/flavor on Earth. Do yourself a favor and STAY AWAY FROM THAT SHIT."
"It's Woof Wednesday so don't forget to pick up your food, toys, and Halloween costumes today! See ya soon."
"OMG Dick Clark Died. :-{ New Years will never be the same."
"If loving baja fresh is wrong, I don't want to be right."
"Bout to play with I am SO fired up!"
"Hello friends- Tell us about your weekend in 3 words- we'll start- \"Way to short\" :)"
"Seeing how I'm waking up early tomorrow, I think I should work. El. Oh. El."
"Me paige & darian have decided since paige's mom is never home we are just going to start calling the apartment ours"
"Tired of the same ol bull..."
"Got it! Thanks! :) RT : thx sis. Responded. Let me know if you have more ?s"
"(cont) for some reason Justin Long was there telling everyone he's a PC. Cake pops, bean bag chairs, FB stalkers, & gay fiats."
"PRSA Presents Swarthmore President Rebecca Chopp With Advocate for Higher Education Award"
"I'm sorry, but you working on songs with just made me the happiest kid on the planet."
"Why use ontology as a data model? Corson-Rikert: I got tired of making lots of unique tables for projects with a lot in common."
"PA too. Is there?"
"I did and u was noo where to be found"
"I've just been sitting in the dark for the past hour."
"im doing it, but in Indy, cant wait!!"
"The Silk Tie likes Jason! Know where to get a good tie? we do :)"
"Consider a pre-natal massage with us? We won 2010-2011 Best of Citysearch for Pregnancy massage. Check in at FS to earn points."
"Finally getting around to setting up Twitter! Hello world!"
"Bummer. Give us some notice next time and I bet we could talk and into meeting at the Hofbrauhaus."
"Goodnight fuck my homework (:"
"I liked that story!"
"#Makesmelaugh how Brandon Inge is still trending and Nelson Cruz isn't. hahaha(;"
"RT : Robert Shiller in the FT on how delusional housing & mortgage markets undermine the economy - via Joe Haslam -..."
"Totally jealous! Have an amazing trip!"
"This is Gina's friend. did you want to review my product?"
"slightly hating my life right now"
"Matt and Nick Jackson enter the building and they don't look pleased. They head to the Dark Menace's office."
"Last assembly ever"
"If you forward your #Simmons email, you'll need to re-do this process after the College switches to #GoogleApps (May 25th)."
"Dear tailgater who turned to go into Raytheon. You're F -150 and Murder Job do not make you a man. Stare me down all you like."
"I'm not going to cry...I'm not going to cry..."
"I'm tired of coming second to the ever changing people in your life. Sometimes I just wish I never hit that follow button."
"sunburns suck SMH"
"solitude is nice sometimes. I agree :)"
"Anyone want to know what's happening with the FORMER Indy East Motel?"
"Thanks so much for the mention Jamie!"
"yes yes yes please!"
"& my cutout of Justin(;"
"I would love to have 5 minutes alone \"officer Zimmerman\"....I would whoop the shit out of his ass...Racist fuck...."
"Attune RTD Executes Exclusive Sales Agreement with Desert Electric Supply For ... - SYS-CON Media (press release)"
"checking out onra at beauty bar next week."
"Missing Holden, but it helps that I can hear the San Francisco Gay Men's Chorus rehearsing from my living room."
"Hey #Spartans and #Wolverines, look for Closing Time on your campus during #WelcomeWeek & score some #FREE stuff!"
"I have that same allergy but im actually allergic to you and Stupidity ! xD"
"Can get it done."
"Watching #TheFirst48 , And It's In Cleveland (:"
"My homemade audition studio(s) are quite humorous on how I rig up lighting & the frame of the shot f/ my Mac. The things actors do. 😁"
"Being still/silent and delving into your mind through silent meditation. How long can you sit and meditate? Solutions/answers spring forth."
"#BucketList Throw a paint party and put lsd in all of the paint. HAHAHAHAHA"
"not yet, I hopefully start in the fall. Haven't read that, I'll check it out!"
"Decrescendo is the term for gradually getting softer/quieter."
"the kitten was alive? They clearly don't know you very well. Also: I'll have it."
"there just trying to change the subject and get sympathy for her and for them to feel bad for her when none of it's true"
"oh NO! error message while trying to purchase norah jones tickets. Missing password but none provided...HELP!!?"
"thank you! Happy Thanksgiving to you."
"One of my screenplays may have found its way into the right hands."
"oh Ty that's all rumor and hearsay, I speak in facts and fact is you and north posey can lick my butt"
"How many games will oft-injured Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford play in this year? I put the over/under at 9."
"I cant get down with this whole womens lib thing. Instead of making me excited it just annoys the shit out of me."
"What if you are more gifted and powerful than you ever thought possible?"
"Just finished a 3.5 mile run and we're off to the movies."
"Pure Sports will be hosting a #soccer clinic for the Boynton Beach Knights this Friday. Ages 9-12."
"The problem w/ the article sent you is some inaccuracies, + he's a MSFT guy trying to use a Mac like a PC. Its not!"
"That would explain quite a bit about twitter. I might have to adjust my approach to tweeting."
"How about RT : Shut up, foodie."
"On set filming music video with"
"Heat need to tighten up!"
"My 3 year old is coloring #Easter eggs while singing Christmas songs!!"
"We are going to be promoting at the Never Shout Never show at HOB"
"Buy a Mac , get $100 to spend on the Mac App Store - Our prices are lower than Apple Education!"
"Missing 's concert........ Hopefully someone records it and puts it on YouTube"
"Today is Twitter's 6th birthday. Cheers to the microblogging service that changed the world!"
"I'd be screwed if I wasn't :) Have an AWESOME day!"
"Festival International Lafayette ,La UPC we out hea!!!!"
"Off to n.c this week"
"#replacerihannasongswithCAKE \"go on and CAKE a bow\""
"the skinny blue fox jumped past the boring dog."
"i'd say a tour"
"Love it! I can't stop playing Wake Up! Y'all killed it on every track - incredible!!"
"Time for one more moderately unappealing experience and then Denny's."
"Hopefully I get to use my nationals broom today, been led on all season"
"stop coding. Lets hang out soon! :)"
"How fun to get so many messages, til I found out why. Sorry all! I'm fixing it, tnx for telling me, I wouldn't send those thongs...things :)"
"Taylor swift on punkd is great"
"The important thing is that YOU aren't working this week."
"Up to 3rd grade #children learn to read & after read to learn. What if a child gets behind b/c of #homelessness, then what? HCEF"
"haha of course! we'll make sure to get enough videos and post them."
"Can I use my Bleacher Nation SN RonSantosLegs for the Game Day Thread? Can't seem to log in on that part of the site."
"Scott County school's are on a 2-hour delay for Tuesday."
"We agree! \"Grungekids\" on Pioneer Square (our Rockefeller Plaza) do this with hackysacks daily up/down the steps near waterfall"
"just had a great phone chat w , i'm looking forward to the possibilities of where everything #km related can go!"
"Trying to using new iPad as hot plate for my coffee but not working as well as advertised. Considering a return."
"Great movie!!"
"It appears the cat dislikes my new aromatherapy oils."
"just was checking on u, I was thinking about coming down there"
"We hit a wall and we can't get over it"
"Social media rule no. 2: don't take yourself too seriously / so so true"
"And the rest will come to you"
"Unfortunately not right now. But in the spring we're planning to offer fellowships on general international topics, incl education"
"Good Luck! :)"
"If there is one thing that really burns me up, it is all of these idiots around the country here who have been dancing around...."
"Thank you Tweetdeck, for just now showing shooting incident info somebody sent me on Sunday. You suck"
"what's involved in being a sponsor??"
"Not even Sidd Finch could save the Mets this season."
"lol Its the worst being behind on reading...Whatchu all reading btw"
"Likewise! Had a blast. We should do it again sometime."
"Difficulties and Challenges are merely stepping stones toward your brighter future. God is positioning you to go to a whole new level!"
"Website relaunch coming soon!"
"put morpholio on my iPad last night. Need to load some images."
"yeah. Shocked but still believable."
"I gotta start wearing my glasses :("
"“Folks, I'm telling you, birthing is hard and dying is mean, so get yourself a little loving in between.” Happy Birthday"
"oh alright. Yeah he's tryin to figure out if he should do it through chc or not but there should be enough people to go to it"
"I am such a douche"
"Need accomodation for your travels? We have hostels, hotels and more on XhostelX.com. New deals for Asia are online. Go to www.xhostelx.com"
"Someone has hacked your twitter account. Please change your password"
"hahaha you guys are so funny."
"I do need to get my tweets up though cuz im slacking so i think im bout to catch up"
"Do u love me like u used to?"
": is so rude. Tell him you love em and he sends back \"k\". SMH."
"We hope we will make it there! Keep in touch and spread us around will ya'? <3"
"for a team that prides itself on its depth and team play....yeah."
"Good morning sweet healthy souls 👼🙏 \"fall in love with jesus\""
"Yup... Kind of pissed about it RT : Donald Trump is taking so many shots @ Obama right now...."
"WOW! Cant believe its been a YEAR since i met #Blessed ..She's a"
"We should be asleep right now, but holy amazing rain smell! One more glass of wine on the porch w and then bedtime. Yay tx!"
"RT : 5th grader/class trip - \"It feels so cool to be in the same room George Washington breathed in.\" -Fraunces Tavern Museum"
"Looking forward to having an amazing day!"
"We would love to have you stop by the Oven. You can visit us and Fluffy. haha. You really should stop by the Oven."
"wow!! When do I go to the gym?I I like boxing too for high energy work outs- I wanna be toughie! Haha!!:)coz I'm too softie:))"
"Oh baby! You're makin' my mouth water."
"Not great - hoping for a better outcome tonight"
"It seems like Christmas came a little too quick this year...."
"Hey Thanks For The ReTweet!"
"PYTHON why do you care about whitespace?"
"Being a #UK-born programmer & #JPMorgan i-banker w/French lit degree didn't fully humanize #Asma #Assad, and she married a butcher."
"opo! What time"
"Huntsman: Cites bailouts as big chunk of nation's GDP, refutes idea of \"too big to fail\""
"well, i have to go to disney world now, so i'll see you guys later."
"You still on that Mitt Romney bandwagon?"
"Should've RT : I was running and saw and so I shouted some encouragement. No heckling or anything."
"lol...i am having fish sticks and rice with a side of broccoli...was just sayin"
"prepping for Africa. camp gear and giant sack of antibiotics ready to go! Mfuwe, Zambia here we come!! T-7 days and counting!!"
"I just wanna share the love"
"Working on a rendition of Coldplay's Yellow for an upcoming ceremony... We've got lots of creative music ideas... Just ask!!"
"Ugh I really hate doing laundry :( "
"Prob going to have a fiesta on Cinco de Mayo 😊🎉 haha"
"great...will not be rooting for He wont be on my fantasy team"
"Eating grapefruit may indeed impact insulin levels, speed up metabolism and lead to weight loss say researchers"
"Academic paper title of the year: \"Gur, Ghur, Guhr or Bur? The quest for a metalliferous prime matter in early modern times\""
"what ever happend to Disco Stu"
"haha yeah, we didn't have school today"
"I have no idea which one is bottom and which is top. I'm scared for both of them."
"Your mother is so cute!"
"2nite on cn|2 Sports: Former UofL star Ellis Myles join us to talk about his red-hot Louisville Magic AAU team. 630 & 1030 & On Demand Ch103"
"If only. I ate it all myself and while I'm currently regretting this decision, I would do it again in a heartbeat."
"the more I see the #Avengers trailer the more I can't wait to watch it!"
"bgc talk bigred has a nappy weave, i think she's trying to pull food outta of her head nasty. Did she wash her hair ever?"
"thank you glad to have you on the list,coming from an ex major pro athlete I consider that a huge compliment absolutely huge!"
"Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card teams that need to win immediately no excuses. Step up!!!"
"Lets have a moment of silence for all of those lost children swallowed during blow jobs...."
"Music and sound too..."
"Someday, I will have all I need. Today, I will give all I have."
"Making up for striking out on my last thifting excursion. It's a label whore of a good time up here in Winnetka!"
"I'm like negative tired right now."
"Thanks dude!"
"Just cause its mothers day dosent mean I'm your slave...."
"Speechless... absolutely speechless... 32 yards?"
"So many people adding me daily that its hard to keep up.. If you added me to your home brewing circle, I'll try and get through all the..."
"whta's happening to the un?????terrosrists make speeches!!!!"
"Can I request you don't post any more articles for the next 2 weeks while try to write final papers and study for exams? Thanks."
"I liked frank where can I find him ;)"
"Create Commons 4 R's - reuse, redistribute, revise, remix."
"well done #mirror &"
"if i make it early enough, I'll stop by BK for coffee."
"1st and 2nd no outs and of course this american league monkey of a coach Joel Maddon doesn't bunt. Amazing how bad these managers are."
"TELL HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRETTY PLEASE?!"
"S/O to my new follower :)"
"I-40, WB, is closed at 98th street. More road conditions on krqe.com."
"how often do they visit you?"
"thank you for reaching out, Omar. Appreciate your input."
"Gaming's a ? in CA + $477m is > Spanoses ever suggested they'd pay. Also, keep in mind the Wilf's $ includes $200m from the NFL."
"no. They were closing!!!! Stuff in LA closes. It's strange."
"Oh f*** you UPS, we all remember the pass too."
"Sounders fans prepping for the game by cheering for Larry the bus driver. They be fans of all sorts."
"I just love your photo-eyes!"
"#stuck on some who treats you like you're nothing. #bitch won't even talk to me."
"Hilary Swank & Sam Rockwell's work in Conviction was absolutely incredible. Voting this year is so tough. Everyone's so deserving."
"DM ME BACK"
"“To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.” ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson RT"
"If I go to the dollar store, and not the 99cents store, does that make me snobby? Can I get better stuff?"
"I hope the single hair in my mouth on my moto ride to work was at least mine."
"Dream bigger than big"
"u gonna make one right now?"
"I hope i never cross your mind, Im glad i never entered your heart but its okay we where doomed from the start."
"Debating what I should bring with me to the #vwe all-hands meeting: laptop, iPad, or both?"
"Fisher ruined VY tho. Chan is on the hot seat this year. Slow start by Buff = VY starts."
"aww thanks. last time he had a concert here in ny i didt get the chance to go and now tht i hve a 2nd chance idk if i can go"
"thanks you! :]"
"I think it's a good idea, actually."
"I was gonna tweet a joke, bit then they mentioned Levon. RIP."
"both are really good. The health benefits are phenomenal. I drink mostly Almond milk myself, no dairy but do coco milk 2"
"Yeah anyone call, I want to suck Sarah's perfect tits she has the most perfect pair...."
"Tell her you'll take her shopping at Crystals mall at City Center. Done deal."
"y'all all was doin tha same shit Idc tho I'm cool wit both of y'all take tha l an smoke a blunt"
"it's so sad driving past the cemetary and looking at all of the mom's sitting in the baby section.."
"I enjoyed lunch too! Definately HH next time! See you tomorrow at"
"I find this adorable."
"Show me, Dont tell me."
"Micah says the #Vikings horn sounds \"creepy\""
"Getting ready. Crazy trip to East Brunswick, New Jersey. Interview. Fingerscrossed."
"Press check at 8am = groggy Aaron near heavy machinery. Fingers crossed."
"Is a boneless chicken wing just a chicken nugget for adults?"
"Ok now I see windows devices competing with iPad...awesome"
"Congrats! If you want to send us a free trial for the iPhone we would be happy review it on our Biz for Actors Blog."
"Visit the Butterfly Pavilion in Denver for an fun filled educational experience."
"thank you!"
"carissas brothers gf wants carissa to take her instead"
"go to flightclub in new York...haha that's where I'm going"
"thank u. That's nice of u to say."
"Just failed my citizenship I think didn't know anything lol"
"Then who's organizing the Dads? ;)"
"so awesome! Boston reminds me of my freshman yr of college. So many memories"
"we're in the Free Speech area of campus selling tickets to see the !"
"just checked also... I had to refollow"
"Go bulls!"
"i want to take a nap"
"of Cisco is discussing smart cities at #greennet. 80k people per day are moving to cities. This is the urban century."
"Ill be there via cinema. From last years finale to #Phantom25 You ALWAYS amaze."
"excellent suggestion on iPads for faculty question. I especially like the goals and assessment implications. Thanks"
"ARTHUR NO"
"we're working #notatsxsw \" Sitting in a hotel room #notatsxsw\""
"valenites day is not about having a man its about speding time with people u love yur not forever alone <3"
"It feels weird going to the mall on a week night."
"i'm 1/2 through it...and so far I agree with your assestment. #FYI ...photo taken with the iPad...."
"never again."
"follow me back!pls!"
"I don't remember lol it was so long ago. I'm excited to work."
"lol shes saying bye to facebook then says she cant wait to see what the next lie is gonna be about...alrighty then."
"Gernter WILL BE there!"
"Love the message but don't pie the messenger."
"Summer in B'town: \"Goodbye, students! Hello, road construction!\""
"Busy day! #Indy is lucky to have people like you who do so much for the"
"i hate it when your cat wakes you up and you cant go back to sleep."
"“All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.” Galileo Galilei"
"follow mw ? please :)"
"Here I am pumpkin. I miss you too :). I just asked about you last night."
"My pain was just a down payment on my blessing!"
"Princess thinks everyone wants to play with her at 4am--uh no!"
"wuts good mr jackson?"
"It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!"
"Wooden chopsticks are much easier but we also have beginner training chopsticks for small kids."
"Watching some boring stuff. so lame!"
"soon the Enquirer will be charging that much to read their entire online site."
"Happy NewYear! All the best to you in 2012!"
"Metadata is more important for #ebooks than it was in a print world; accurate metadata is the only way ebook is found online (via )"
"Totally. See, great minds think alike!"
"i used to think it was asking but realized feeling & thinking came first - where all the power is ! :)"
"Riding around Atlanta blasting my favorite mixes, getting pumped for shooting midtown friday tonight!"
"I hereby retract my Dropbox-related happy dance at #alamw12. Files did not go thru, so today will be another very long day."
"Everyone dies"
"A challenging day with hurdles yet to jump. I could not be happier to be going to Tucson to see the parents for the weekend."
"THAT is the question ;)"
"I AM SO READY school is so old now! only one more week for me... and i already planned on playing it the entire summer!"
"So fuckin rad. I wasn't sure how they'd be live but they killed. Second only to seeing Clinic @ MPLS's 7th Street."
"Will there ever be more Guns Don't Kill... vinyls?"
"Know of any fall festivals, book fairs, cool events taking place this wknd. I'm looking to get away from the snow coming to DC area...."
"society today allows for it... Look at how many people plagiarize and cut and paste... It saddens me. I advocate for u writers"
"Finally at 's apartment in Pennsylvania! ah :D"
"just tweeting HOW I REALLY feel lol"
"Life is a journey ,the path im walking is full of love and music."
"hm...theyre missing out? they might never have any? they likely live alone? by \"they\" I mean \"me\" tho."
"thanks!! and haha ahh i hope they release the date for it soon <3 <3 <3"
"Make sure everyone gets out to Lunar tonight! Catch myself DJing along with and ! Let's have some fun!!"
"- thanks for following #lifevineworks !"
"So that Safety just fucked my whole block pool"
"haha I'll give you a free refill"
"wat part of the. Town u from?"
"Lmao on Bones \"guys that act like Jersey Shore are being homoerotic \""
"Fun fact: When potato chips are called crisps, they are so much more enjoyable. Exhibit A: Walker's Cheese & Onion crisps. (I brace for ads)"
"Dear females, the time I have to play games I spend on Call of Duty."
"Alex follow me<3"
"Anyone else think Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton played a big behind-the-scenes role in Obama coming out publicly in support of equality?"
"Thanks for the mention"
"My \"help remove a body\" friends: You inspire me."
"thanks for the rt"
"forgot his name but google dolphins accountant byu tight end lol"
"hi Tyler,I love you!!!! I really hope you'll follow soon!!! 3"
"Goin to my last college class ever!! 😊🎉🍻👏"
"Mobile #pubmedia visitors: more likely to bounce b/c they're more focused in their visits. More likely to be new visits."
"you are pretty, btw."
"Why can't I pay to watch Entourage if I do not have HBO? Are executives that fucking stupid to think I will just go pay for HBO."
"Let's go texans!!!!"
"Idk you but that's definitely not true at all! No one is a disappointment. Nobody's perfect! Keep your head up! #ThinkPositive!"
"Thank you! I'm pretty much in love. :)"
"Just watched Food Inc. Oh No!"
"what if she walked by and saw these tweets hahaha"
"Oomf just tweeted himself and another oomf. #rookie still lol"
"Thank goodness. Preds win"
"I'm my own grandpa"
"Got that loud on deck though lmao"
"I love Turner's energy right now."
"Roses are cherry Violets are berry; Stop talking about Valentine's Day, bitch it ain't February. . ."
"They should trade for him if it gets Izturis off the roster."
"They have a great bar and raw menu too. :)"
"self diagnosis = disaster. I already have to be an educated consumer while being a needy patient. I'm sick. no time/energy for that"
"My condolences to"
"and happy birthday."
"OMG take me with u."
"\"Fuck you\" is really starting to read like \"Blah blah\" on here."
"Yeah My mistake. Morgan Stanely. The Morgan confused me."
"Wouldn't it be nice if we were older so we wouldn't have to wait so long"
"I Believe"
"uh yea."
"boy im lovin your tweets! <3 plz follow back? :)"
"android peeps! we've been missing you....... welcome to instagram!"
"theres nothing more unattractive than a girl who lures for attention from a guy."
"yeah, yeah. Likely story."
"A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his"
"Woo hoo Glee and Justin on The Voice tonight! Glad i have no homework :P"
"Good Morning."
"I concur RT “: I disagree.\""
"He would need a visa if he's renounced his Indian citizenship in favor of UK. Sounds like he may still have Indian passport."
"Disc golf boys are handsome"
":( We're sorry you no longer have Mango but we're flattered by your compliments! Is there anything we can do to help?"
"Watched a great pilot at WB. Becki Newton is such a good actress!"
"Picking Kansas, just cause they're called the #Jayhawks RT : Who's going to win the Men's #NCAA title? #Kansas or #Kentucky?"
"Look at you being a Wisconsin sports fan! Love it! Didn't love all the results last night :("
"So, Detroit is basically finished. If you can't beat Nashville at home then you shouldn't plan on advancing. Great season guys!"
"I'm teaching acting class this evening @ GJC Talent..."
"Take 20% off any gift basket at DreamCoast Coffee until December15th. Use the code \"20%\" and receive free gift with every purchase!"
"My children have taught me what true love is!"
"im thankful for everything in my life. im a happy ole lady"
"We're going to go patroling in the neighborhood."
"I'M SUCH A FAN"
"I just knew that she was fine like a ticket on the dash."
"Ali made it happen"
"Political analyst says he's not surprised voters are focused on economy and basic city services."
"I hate King Lear -.-"
"Time to exercise the franchise...several local races to decide in #Milwaukee!"
"Both Spanish and French sound AMAZING with a Southern US accent."
"that's asked as encouragement, not criticism. It's being done well in Denver."
"The Republicans criticized Obama for not expanding domestic drilling. Now that he's done that, are t…"
"Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin♡♡♡♡♡♡ 114"
"10 years ago, was recovering from live-saving surgery for breast cancer. Remember saying to everyone, \"I just need 10 more years...\""
"Kneuer: Tech sector is working, moving fwd, needs less regulation. No need to act. Have humility in face of dynamic change."
"sad news of etta james passing. many memories of her concerts here over the years -- the \"phoenix-rising\" stage(s) of her career."
"S/O to for the follow"
"Crowdfunding is sure to be hot topic at the conference, Glad we'll be there!"
"Are you a PDX Leverage fan?"
"Chopped Honeycrisp apple is a great homemade mac n cheese topping."
"getting set up for Fremont Earth Day Festival. Tickets available at the door. Bring your appetite."
"please post some info about how this goes i'd like to learn more about it."
"HA!!... thanks and I think the same thing about Native American chicks.... lol"
"What song immediately puts you back in school with a car full of friends singing at the top of your lungs? Come on , we all did it!"
"Like taught me- all it takes is 20 seconds of an ounce of courage to change things. :)"
"Judy Blume taught me everything I know about girls."
"come find me in broad ripple child!!"
"I view HR as tactical component of HC. My HC team focuses on biz strat while HR focuses on tactical/transactional"
"Yup. Been here since Wed night. Good conference so far."
"love your suggestions! We are deciding between ale house and rustico!!"
"Just saw and rookie but was too shy to ask for a picture"
"Naaa that's my baby she got it bra"
"I heard this quote in a song. \"It cost to much to live and it cost to much to die\". It struck a chord in me."
"cuz I felt that it was a metrosexual thing at first"
"No matter how wild it seems 2get, how hard to stay on top of everything, stay close to your gut. Move at your pace. And it will be all good."
"Destiny begins at the place of gratitude!!"
"it is and I'm lucky to vacation there. As a matter of fact, I just returned two weeks ago and I'm ready to go back."
"'s web interface is the worst."
"HAPPY VETERANS DAY!! GOD BLESS YOU ALL! THANK YOU!!"
"Ugh I hate this class can't wait till 6th period Julio's eyes are so pretty"
"r u cooking this weekend? I just had the most delicious turkey burger?"
"Thats a welcome change"
"No man is above the law & no man is below it; nor do we ask any man's permission when we require him to obey it.-Teddy Roosevelt"
"The crazy singer is performing poolside at the Fontainebleau Hotel in Miami, where guests can belly up to an open bar till midnight."
"\"Whosoever will call on the name of the Lord shall be saved.\"~Acts 2:21"
"\": I blow so many pre calc tests.\" I blow EVERY pre calc test."
"Were you at Public house house last night? If not I bought a shot.for your twin."
"I'm good, you??"
"gone head .."
"yeah the American version is terrible! I have been a fan of the BBC version from the beginning !!"
"Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, Life is but a DREAM."
"is a hater"
"The moment I heard playing on AGT , I jumped up and down and danced<33333332"
"Companies are not investing, markets plummet , S&P downgrades US. No trust in US economic leadership & #debt ceiling crisis showed why."
": my most frequent deletions are when i post…& *then* notice accidental, glaring misspelling or type-o."
"CA Supreme Court sets argument in Brinker for 11/8/11. Meal breaks -- made available or forced to take?"
"Awesome blog!"
"Man, today is a pretty morbid day when you think about it."
"Liking 's idea to include more info, even \"ghost inventory\" of items eliminated from reappraised #archives collection"
"Keith Jarrett proved tonight once again that he is a living legend. Reminded me why I love music so much."
"can uplease make me the most happiest girl ever! Follow back <3 pleaase"
"could be wrong, but blackout rules may not apply for the MLB.tv iPad app. sorta remember watching the Nats on there (I'm in DC now)"
"I am exhausted and I have no clue why."
"Mo state scores a goal at the end of third quarter. 7-7 end of third. Looks to be an exciting 4th quarter"
"men are running shirtless in city park... it must be spring....M."
"Cultralian - never heard of this, very interested in learning more. Suggested reading?"
"Happy b-day, mama!"
"WE LOVE U TOO! So much fun tonight & can't wait to c u all again SOON!"
"you working at McDs this summer?"
"Friday Faculty Fest at 12:00 in LIB 301! Dr. Juanita Holliman will be speaking on \"Integrating Critical Thinking Across the Curriculum\"."
"No joke: It is snowing!"
"Imagine if people really winked after a sentence in real life like they do In texting? This world would be one creepy place!"
"What's your favorite guitar pedal? We want to know!"
"Facebook #f8 adds verbs to connect people in new ways #social media"
"Definitely just made a left turn onto a one way street :("
"i hope you told her to do the same :P"
"Johnny Depp, Y U SO CUTE THO!"
"Shout out to our #Ncredible homies go follow them!"
"nice pics sexy as always"
"your beautiful! harry or liam! x"
"Follow her okay ! She's awesome! I love her! FOLLOW HER PLEASE! She's new to twitter."
"And the Afghan children killed as they slept & the ones killed in drone attacks...whose names we may never know. I will remember."
"Seems like they should hire someone who actually WANTS to lead. I've seen job ads for department chairs before."
"“: Deep fried mac n cheese balls about to go down!! 🙏 the baby Jesus”"
"Dear Mario, I wasted all my childhood trying to save your girlfriend. Now You owe me big."
"A janitor in a US school gets more respect than a teacher. I think I'll start cleaning bathrooms :)"
"Million dolla swag."
"Congrats Tebow. You now get to play the Steelers. Good Luck."
"No female should ever feel insecure about how they look, your beautiful the way you are"
"i feel like ur NEVER gonna say \"Hey sammy Wats up\" Oh well im grateful that ur following me!! :]"
"bitch ass"
"You just brought me to tears with your performance of \"Faithfully\" just now... Simply beautiful."
"Indy drew 13,000+ to a Monday afternoon game today. That's unreal. Guarantee if Bucs played home day game today they wouldn't get that."
"Much love \": I fucks wit , he with #fightermusic\""
"DAVE LETTERMAN ON HIS SHOW TONIGHT SAID \"FOR THOSE KEEPING SCORE, PROTESTERS ARRESTED 70 AND WALL STREET EXECUTIVES ZERO. WAKE UP PEOPLE!"
"research is awesome. Especially when you are pinning monkeys to pinterest boards."
"no no, its fine. I will just have to come up with original content and stop leaching off the greatness of others!"
"Monica go on oovoo!"
"Heard tonight: \"why the hell would i wear a white t-shirt on half-price wine night?\" word."
"Twilight Zone on"
"stuck in my underwear outside, with a pack of smokes and no lighter, and my laptop. I feel so stupid... and I have to go potty. GRRR!"
"\"Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants.\" Back to the genius of - this time with 'In Defense of Food."
"Tweet us a pic you've taken at a #SFGiants spring training game this weekend and you could #win a free SF > LA shirt."
"I honestly couldn't tell you which cartoons are on those now. I was always a Nicktoons guy, and the 80s & 90s Disney cartoons"
"Life ain't about how fast I get there. Ain't about what's waitin' on the other side, It's the climb - Miley Cyrus"
"You too! Have a good concert!"
"I could do my baptist shuffle in those! lol"
"Don’t bury your thoughts, instead put your vision to reality"
"The good part left when Katy Perry is separated into good & evil half-people after a transporter malfunction on Star Trek Zooey Deschanel..."
"thanks for telling everyone about the #Free #JAM2012 poster of #FrankSinatra, we appreciate you spreading the word"
"i wanted to go to the movies but my mom is mean and wont let me . I know i disappointed #oomf's : ("
"So #SonyAllStarsBattleRoyale looks like a knockoff of #SuperSmashBros with Sony characters. That doesn't mean it will be a bad game."
"can't believe you like all those lame bands! hahaha"
"couldnt agree more its lame what class are you in?"
"Who else besides me has a big bear brother like me one love"
"WHAT IS THE MOST BIZARE COMMERCIAL YOU GUYS HAV EVER DONE?"
"MobilityWorks Expands to Twenty Locations in Twelve States with ..."
"(delayed response, sorry) same location, different rooms, adjacent, so leaving one room means walking into the next"
"OH! LMFAO! That just makes it 10x funnier though..."
"Im tired goin to bed night (:"
"hi niall ?? how are you ?? notice me really i love you !!6"
"aw i know babes"
"glad you finally made it to 's atr!"
"Since Lil Wanye decided to push back the release of The Carter IV, he came out with a new mixtape, Sorry 4 The Wait."
"Hey - thanks for the"
"Hey, I want to see more pictures of the food you're about to eat."
"I'm gon needyou to know u got a woman in 2012 I'm Dnepropetrovsk playing games"
"if you have to wonder why that's austin backround, then you must be a new mahomie or just a fake one... Just saying."
"Last night's post-game victory lap by Giants players at Lambeau should provide plenty of motivation for next year's season."
"yeah, right? I think for alot of women you don't get the love of your life and a great father in the same package."
"RT How about Turbofire?! The H.I.I.T workouts are an amazing to shed fat and great when you are pressed for time too!"
"Happy Hour at 4 Aces Now!"
"love u too baby girl."
"go online! I miss u! Love u ariana! Xoxo"
"i would assume that you're the one with the shadow, although i generally have one too. but i have the soul patch more often."
"Down by double digits ..fuck it we'll come back"
"she was like a trophy bass I wasn't sure if I wanted to mount her or eat her"
"Natgas trading legend Arnold retires, ending era"
"Awe ): it's ok Howdy cried today during band"
"Portlander tells coworkers he doesn't believe in the materialism of Xmas, but in his head he's hoping his parents got new boots."
"FYI today is National Grilled Cheese Day,"
"RT Amazingly white house spokesman used terrorism to describe worrying about Americans, he word has been banned for describing foreigners"
"#15peopleilove MY Family :)"
"MNF a shadow of its old self. Its irrelevant"
"hi lil baby! No set plans, too many things to choose from! U?"
"Kevin Carey of Education Sector to speak at CHEA Annual Conf. and Intl. Seminar. See the Preliminary Program at www.chea.org."
"haha. All good."
"if religions get to make up their kind of angels so do I and I want porn angels. Or maybe I AM an angel in the terner religion"
"Y'all I have a serious post coming your way tomorrow. GET PUMPED for MISERABLE MONDAY"
"Cotto wit the baseball socks !"
"“That awesome feeling of how gangster you are after rapping your favorite part of a song without screwing up.” this is us."
"I pray to god Kentucky gets the chance to end your season. You know who you are."
"The battle for LA today! vs ! Lakers got this game! Lets get it purple and gold! #LAALLDAY!"
"yes, we accept submissions from alumni!"
"Today's high is 86 and it's 83% humidity. Ah asjf;akljfowejiofj. Can I move to the other coast please."
"Expect a home recovery 5-10 days after a nose reshaping."
"Im getting money"
"Thanks for following my twitter Akbar. I love helping others too!"
"planted my first garden ever with my son. How things change when u hit 30"
"Ugh, this is not going to help Bob Loblaw Law Blog RT Jayson Werth leaves with an apparent wrist injury."
"#vaumc11 Recognizing new faith communities. Glad to hear witness of established churches trying new things to reach new people!"
"I know where N is and I have window. At previous job also knew N (no window). The job before that (cubicle), didn't know."
"ok.. Well then... I suppose it's time to come down and ruin some poor lobsters life."
"“To spare oneself from grief at all cost can be achieved only at the price of total detachment” Eric Fromm"
"#Otakon Friday is the best day of the year for outdoor downtown power lunch. People watching is phenomenal."
"my bro is ur biggest fan and would love a tweet & follow from you hun"
"Stainless Steel Business Cards available at NYC Printing 123. Show your clients you mean business!!! Call now at 646.833.8085/..."
"They don't know a damn thing about us"
"I drove extra slow to the airport, just to have 10 more minutes with you."
"she was so annoying in that movie! and the beyonce cover just really put me over the edge, haha"
"Jackhammers at 7am on a Saturday? W T F ?"
"Good morning! Friday, April 1st is the deadline for graduate admission applications for June 2011."
"Journalism can come from the people.If you are negatively affected by a law, a regulation in your town, school or in your workplace you can:"
"Grades are all posted, semester officially over. Really enjoyed it, but 3 classes was too much!"
"this week is my last one. I get out Friday"
"Terrorized him, ran him down shot him in his back, straddled his dead body and fror what??? Because you are a neighborhood watch VOLUNTEER -"
"It's time to raise up new leaders who will truly serve the people."
"Say it's so"
"#RejectedMittRomneySlogans One of my polo ponies is sick, the rich have problems too my friend"
"The internet can be strange. An interview I did in 2003 has received over 10k visits in 2 days when blog usually gets a few hundred."
"time for all to THRIVE"
"Tyler The Creator on Punk'd YO! :)"
"I love it when employees stand outside and smoke by the half dozen... Yeah I was talking about you on 76th in greenfield"
"hey guys, we're doing a project for restaurant week and would like to ask you a few questions, what's your email?"
"To get what you want, STOP doing what isn't working. -Dennis Weaver"
"Going to be driving, but is full speed ahead with #sbchat ~ make sure you join him when all the action begins in a few"
"I love that movie :)"
"Not on my timeline. It's all basketball. Period."
". I do love - keeps me from inundating followers, lets me schedule tweets so my travels don't stop useful info flow"
"RT At Natl Museum of Natural History: \"Mommy, is this a real museum?\" Yes, it's a real museum.\" \"Do things come to life?\""
"just wanted to wish you luck today"
"The art competition also wants to notify everyone that we will be following everyone who hasn't been followed back by us very soon,"
"he's mine >:O"
"your really hot"
"#howrace How blazes brighter than the lights of Times Square"
"My Philadelphia 76ers balled tonight and kicked the doodoo out of the Boston Celtics tonight!"
"haha I didn't know there was one.....wait is it the Hope taalent show?"
"\": Focus on what's lies ahead and not what you've left behind.\""
"I love how you promise me we'll go to Cashion and then you go without me.... I've wanted to go since I was 9... I wanna cry now.. Thanks..."
"Yes, very nice article about the Milwaukee County Research Park!"
"And yes, I am genuinely excited about free dish soap & a sponge, because I ran out of Dawn & my old sponge smells like post-Katrina NOLA."
"#itsawesomewhen i can't find a damn job..."
"Dang ! Dee said she love you and she know you love her back !"
"James Loney has absolutely mastered the art of the soft grounder to 2B... He is by far the best & most consistent in the league."
"At church waitingg for it to start ... Mane its been years !"
"Thanks for coming everybody !!! See you soon boston :) oh donklins donuts...how you bring a smile to my roadtrip."
"2 Chicks With Chocolate back at their home sweet home--The Chocolate Library--for a tasting this Sunday from 2:00-5:00 PM. 111 St. Marks"
"I live really close to APU it's right Behind taco bell :)"
"In London for the next 2 days. Any recommendations??"
"on one with hit my man up he ain't feelin too hot …Fuego is in 2012 find me"
"IPFW&#39;s Hospitality Program Receives Prestigious Recognition"
"jack johnson is awesome and so are you!"
"I will be in #NY in three weeks! And yes, stay true to the 512!"
"Hello Monday, you heartless sonafabitch. We meet again."
"I love you Will you marry me in the AT&T Center?"
"Thanks Rob and thank you Coach for the interview"
"Not stadium sanctioned. Just between friends to keep it interesting!"
"u black with marilyn manson posters on yo wall"
"Rocking out to find me a man"
"I can vouch for him. He's the coolest."
"So you just assume that Im talking about them.even though they are being nice and congratulating me?im not talking about them"
"You can combine that with some chocolate wine for a Reece's cocktail."
"Haha hurt myself texting lol! Just my fucking luck today."
"you win"
"#fact RT McCain, Lieberman going to watch Game Change Saturday spooning ice cream straight from carton and having a good cry."
"Who's going to Faith & Family Night at the Silver Stars 2nite? $10 tix + JARS OF CLAY!!! Can't wait!!!"
"Daytime #curfews indiscriminately punish all juveniles."
"The #Patriots draft Alfonzo Dennard. He is a steal in the 7th round. Has off field issues"
"I hope it's not in Bernie's Terrace! Bo. I am ready for tailgating too. Money in pocket! :)"
"True intelligence is not measured by the degrees one acquires, but by an unwavering commitment to happiness."
"Turned the 21\" #Weber into an adjustable-height 21\" Weber. Should make transportation to vital #Brewers tailgating adventures easier."
"I'm so funny!"
"Omg!!!!! What a #day #really what a #day #ugh Cereal Bowles"
"remember when we would rap bar by bar when we was pre assigned last year? (':"
"Thank you! Love that clean code that you do :)"
"Monster Mania Truck Show @ Lazy E Arena, Jan 7&8! Tickets start @ $8! For more info & to purchase tix visit Lazye.com!"
"lol quite well"
"Back by popular demand! ---> | Check out Trish on Tuesday's show. Oh and follow her!"
"Project is coming along nicely! Our goal is show Route 66 to a new generation- to inspire them to reconnect with the Mother Road!"
"so bad. Bruises everywhere. I feel so bad lol"
"i saw #montecarlo yesterday. Why is Selena Gomez so damn pretty?"
"Nice, a great value, I love the new bracelet."
"S/o to the Miami heat who are looking unstoppable!"
"being difficult, I see"
"IF U GOT LIKE 30 THOUSAND TWEETS AND 300 FOLLOWERS DEATIVATE LUV CAUSE U BE TALKIN TO YASELF"
"Im Not Worried About The Past , Because Im Focused On The Future"
"Researchers say that pollutants may trigger an increase in the number and size of fat cells."
"#shoutout to ----> XOXO! Thanks for being the 1st! Hugs across the big pond baby!"
"I maintain property taxes are probably the most unimaginative possible solution to the problem."
"Friday the 13th again? Man, these come around so often, it seems...Running out of ways to celebrate."
"you feel me I just can\"t get in that shit lol real g\"s down south jam there music slow fosho"
"made me so happy but now back 2 depressed nd cutting thanks t megan"
"whats up lover"
"remember? i was your friend before you found her"
"A perfect day to sit by the window with a warm cup of coffee and a good book. Je suis contente."
"Hello! I make necklaces and bracelets but haven't progressed to earrings. Have just started making my own beads :)"
"You laugh when people fall, but when its you, its a different story."
"do you push contacts to ?"
"No! Is that on Netflix?"
"The great friends that I grew so fond of are just memories to me now."
"First day of school! Our students are back & ready to learn. Great to see them & our volunteer tutors. Let the learning begin!"
"Alright I will let you enjoy the rest of your evening"
"hell ya finished ONE paper .. why do i have a whole nother paper to do tomorrow"
"Tired of ppls bs"
"At O'Shea's, find a bartender named Al. Tell him hello for me. He made my last trip by being so fucking awesome."
"Getting ready for the agency open calls tomorrow"
"Yay for girls who like football too!"
"Cards must protect against Saints start, not get down 14-0 in first 5 mins"
"I can't get over that whip appeal :)"
"I used your \"This I Believe\" essay as part of an American Dream unit in my Junior English class. The kids loved it."
"Damn straight!!!"
"Any #bed and breakfast operations graduates on here did any one start a b/b? I'm also interested in #travel tourism"
"will go very far with his talent <3 , dont you think so too? (:"
"Feeling confident? Did you also get in the Big Ten basketball freeroll?"
"Plans have changed. Lets hang?"
"Just iPhone 4 and the Hipstamatic app! :D"
"You say your ugly, when your clearly not."
"Breaking News report person shot in Long Beach CA Federal Building"
"Seems more frequent if I select the end of the text (e.g. edit post, position cursor at end, tap delete)."
"RT : RT : #SGATL \"scrummasters encourage your team to be problem solvers not dogma followers\""
"Well if you insist :D Thanks for thinking of me Joel. I'm gonna take a bit of blogging break for my anniversary day though."
"It's Hard To Find Artist With Unique Styles. I'm Down For Creating Something New That No One Has Heard."
": Your gorgeous photo was taken from the ballroom at the Wyndham Cleveland at PlayhouseSquare!"
"Dear tummy,sorry for all the butterflies. Dear pillow,sorry for all the tears.Dear heart,sorry for all the damage.Dear brain,you were right."
"Y U MAD , ITS NOT LIKE IM LYING"
"The maid is on vacay...first load of laundry in. Dry. Iron. Pack. All over again. Chicago next stop."
"Good morning and happy Easter to those that celebrate and to the rest, happy Sunday - another incredibly gorgeous day in NYC!"
"Need a pillow fluffer? Or bed time story reader? Holla! ;)"
"So I'm pretty sure I have figured out where the #madmen storyline is going this season."
"Who's coming to our #grandopening tomorrow?"
"thank you, i really needed that today"
"cleaning my room is always a bitch."
"Ty for following us !! Wishing you a fun-filled Monday. :)"
"heading your way tomorrow. Can't wait to buy you a beer or 3"
"Between these two QB's....who is the better start this week: Eli or Big Ben??"
"Love isn't something u fall in it's a choice that u make whether to fall in it...."
"where y'all from"
"Thank for the tip! I'll try the book."
"Wearing false eyelashes and a discount thong in case anybody feels like being disappointed later ;)"
"I don't like you wearin' shirts lmao"
"Well that was a first..."
"So tell me what is your favorite book to read?"
"I thought it was pretty dope. if you are a comics fan, its great. lots of fan service. If not, its still great."
"Oh how I love our president! He does so well with his fundraisers and makes it work!"
"My band Volcano Dolls is playing our first show!! Thurs/June 3rd/ The Viper Room in WeHo, CA/10:45pm. Free w password \"Thats What She Said\"!"
"i miss it!"
"I'm reading The Hunger Games right now and it's so reminiscent to Battle Royale. I think I'm getting bored."
"this is a response to your greed. You have only your colleagues on both sides of the isle, yourself to blame."
"So many ways to do this day, focus on the positive and I bet you have a powerful"
"I wanna Dance....."
"My work is becoming my dreams."
"Don't forget, folks! We have a show at The National Underground here in Nashville on Tuesday, March 6th!"
"too lazy to twitter ,lol"
"YES. That's a perfect analogy."
"awesome job at House of Blues last night! LOVED you!"
"good morning!.. Have a great race weekend!!"
"Thanks for the follow, man. I followed back. Check out the baddest guitarist on the planet,"
"Today's tale: The Man of Law! www.twitter.com/brackman1066/cbtweets"
"its in ur fb inbox right now"
"Incredible support network for those who dream of making a dent in the universe. Stop talking #startmaking (via )"
"Is Jesus merely a “guest” in your life? Let him take up permanent residency in your LIFE!"
"not much happened so you didn't miss that much"
"check out our new events page here on twitter...."
"where do u live anyway?"
"Heck yea RT >> i know rite its gonna be dope!!!"
"Speaking as a librarian, that is an *awesome* combination."
"#doyouthinkitsweird we scream at the tv screen \"look out! Behind you! Awh, bitch run!!!!! Don't look back!\" ???"
"Tweet off !RT : answer when I call b"
"Cool peeps -->"
"great, we hope you visit interiors from spain booth! and also our magazine online: www.fromspainmagazine.com"
"It's not a \"split screen\" #Fox9 -- it's about 30% soccer and 70% your on-air talent pointing at weather graphics."
"want a medal?"
"Why am I up this freakking early?"
"RT yes! Memorial Hermann does it again! #houston hospital live tweeting brain surgery Follow or #MHbrain via"
"Gym time! #Coachella pool party motivation"
"You guys are the reason why i never want to be home."
"building relationships until the end; yes sir!"
"I'm sure the spin on evolution varies by community. My kids seem to have learned about it, but... I might double-check their books."
"tony! thanks dude! thanks for watching! shout out to"
"I'm about to fucking flip, I'm so pissed."
"What i just told chasidy >>>>> lmao"
"Eek! \"TnT:SVU\"... the thought makes me cringe a little."
"This is why I'm so fat.. I eat wendy's at this time."
"I am currently in an intermission. I will return to regularly scheduled tweeting, shortly. Until then, go get better!"
"I Will Not Be Fuckn With Downtown With That NATO shit Going On."
"Watching CSI in the dark >"
"I want pink denim!! Totally have been on the hunt."
"There is a reason my Senior year high school quote was a Biggie lyric."
"You charged me just to check my balance at an ATM? Goodbye , I've had enough of your horrid service."
"Andre Miller looks like a bunny "
"Have you created a profile on www.knowledgesafari.com? Connect w/others, read/write reviews & more!"
"Expert advice & property and casualty solutions from Linton & Associates can protect what you have worked so hard to build. 505-247-1530"
"She Calls Me \"Monster\" Cause I Make Her SCREAM IN THE DARK !"
"Getting ready for a Posada with . Is that better ?"
"Awesome drums done 4 light fantastic and evileye"
"The cigarette lighter was invented before the match"
"I sho just #murdered 1!!RT : How do #McDonald's get the syrup in the mcgrittle ???? That shit dumb good"
"Wow! wrote an incredibly honest book. Writing style feels very much like A must read for any sports fan!"
"sounds great. Hope to connect with you soon. In Waukesha once a week remote. Lunch?"
"thanks for following!"
"RT : not sure quote what happened with Bunkley, but that is a huge move for Denver. One of best run stuffing DTs in league."
"pretty darn close since you didn't come to 's apartment and eat cookies with us"
"oh gay."
"Yes! Final projects will be up online shortly. You will be proud of this year's work just like we are!"
"Hope to see you all in New Orleans at #SGIA! AnaJet Booth # 1345"
"\"Tell me and I will forget. Show me and I'll remember. Involve me and I will understand.\" - Confucius"
"LOL, you said you were going to be high-wired tonight, didn't you?"
"Thank you for following us."
"Do you believe in god?"
"But we do actually have bacon covered hotdogs...."
"thanks. But ios5 doesn't work for me."
"Good morning #NFAIS, got my front row seat and my coffee."
"Back at work for my evening clients. Feeling sluggish but getting my second wind:). Let's do this !!"
"i need digits.(: haha"
"If you are coming down to for Mother's Day, send her next door for a foot massage"
"I really wish u talked about Neurofeedback for a neurological issue... Especially in lieu synthetic drugs in the brain"
"Abolish death penalty, but thank God Breitbart's dead & we should have let Cheney die <--------- only in la la liberal land"
"Fights at the T station ok!!!"
"Oh Boy, you had your chance and blew it. Now step aside and watch a real Man do it."
"Im going to attempt to do my own hair in this next protective style. #Crochetbraids....HOPE its not a #FAIL lol"
"im in love with...my I'd"
"Lets go time to hand the Heat a 3rd loss this season"
"When there is still breath, there is always hope."
"Keep calm Stephen and may the odds be ever in your favor."
"Yep, rather than writing an app 6 ways 'til Sunday for the plethora of mobile OS's, have the bulk of programming in HTML5"
"I'd love to, but I'm not blaming a kid for having diabetes. He really struggled last year, so maybe a blessing in disguise."
"“: I hate when the conversation dies between you and the person you love.”"
"On Facebook couples whose pictures pop up in our newsfeeds: \"Go love each other in real life, not on Facebook!\" -"
"Facebook is the only place where it's acceptable to talk to a wall"
"It's tough! It's difficult! It's tufficult!"
"treme killed last night at davies in sf. today they are on playboy jazz fest at hollywood bowl -- sfjazz collective on stage after them."
"Double header & won both games. Yay!"
"LOL no you don't!"
"Playing a Venetian $350 today because binions registration was a mess... Over 900 runners here tho! Summer is almost over :("
"ASGFGHJKHSGKSKJSKLA is going to be on the east coast :D will be in the same time zone!!!!!"
"I can't stop listening to #Boyfriend! it's so god! I love it! this song will get to #1 on iTunes!"
"There is an adult have a screaming contest with a baby on the #LIRR. Totally appropriate."
"I remember years ago, someone told me I should take caution when it comes to love,,, I Did </3"
"please unblock my personal"
"It's so much fun! You should def get on it 😉"
"Just what the heck is brain-based learning?!"
":) thanks for the shout!"
"REALLY went in on dat comment lol .....\"talking out u come put him to sleep\"..."
"You actually got me for a second"
"ouch, ditty."
"- Thx for the RT about Pariah. We go back from the days of Young Back Professionals in LA!"
"Soulmate love heals people while it stamps out loneliness and brings so much more happiness."
"it was good to see you for 2 seconds this morning! miss you!"
"me (izzy):\"go on teamweeklychris\" shelby:\"did u change the pass?\" me\"no\" her:\"Oh i slept weekly wrong!\" me:\"howd u spell it? her:\"weely\""
"I finally watched #jumpingthebroom. Made me think of my boo and Thai takeout!"
"True that! RT : #devlearn Safety issues, cost, risk, infrequency can make real practice impractical - instead use simulation"
"RT : I call my mouth my sasshole."
"you should never come to Florida then!"
"these girls that go and beg people for money for doing nothing, piss me off.... GET A FUCKIN JOB!!! You want something, buy it yourself."
"Old people on Facebook..hahaha no."
"Make each day of the week like #Friday and your life will take on new enthusiasm. ~Byron Pulsifer"
"What was the best college graduate advice that we should share with Pedro?"
"how your day been beautiful?"
"RT : Dove Body Wash will have u sniffing the shit outta yo self cuz u smell so good"
"Films by Michael Bay..."
"#YouShouldBeEmbarrassed to call a company \"Qwikster.\""
"FUSCO U! NICKS MINE"
"So sorry! But so funny!"
"Today's lessons: 1. The Gettysberg Address is tough to memorize. 2. My 5th grader is much smarter & a far better memorizer than me."
"Hi Steve. We'll see if we can get the video from them. Thanks for the heads up and good luck!"
"cool, for sure!"
"money in my pocket and my pills powder blue"
"you been to New Orleans?"
"Free promotion site on my profile. get way more followers fast. Hey lets' follow for follow? whatdyasay?"
"Thank the good Lord for the weekend.. :-)"
"he thinks their stupid. That would be the last thing he would buy me. :( plus I didnt ask for it, he just surprised me :)"
"...but... why are the shoppers at WHOLE EARTH #Princeton so SERIOUS?? lighten up!! this ain't NewYork!"
"Having to drive to Cathedral on a Sunday <<"
"Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 36"
"cuddle time with my niece & nephew <3"
"omg imagine you said \"hi\" to me I would cry my eyes out."
"ed do you have a tumblr. ed. come on. dont be holding out on me alright."
"If they don't know your dreams, then they can't shoot 'em down"
"- I am a constituent and I oppose SOPA & PIPA"
"Can't wait to go downtown and check out all the #SB madness!"
"Up & Open on this rainy Monday morning. Come OUT & get our Strawberry Kissed Mocha to warn you up. Savings continue w/ 50% OFF almost ALL!"
"Sign up for Directv now and get 6 monthes of the best package free!! Call 1-800-390-3065 and use promo code 29055 for extra savings."
"Me: \"I'm going to be outside the Supreme Court tomorrow b/c they're hearing Affordable Care Act oral arguments.\" Dad: \"OK. Wear sunblock.\""
"heading out to the Kensington Christmas Bazarre with my American Girl Doll Beds :) Wish me luck!!!!"
"Ready for my first non-corporeal opera experience! Watching Das Rheingold simulcast live from the MET. Sad there's only a few people here."
"Expect the worst & hope for the best"
"RT : \"We can’t solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.\" -Albert Einstein"
"On top of that, I have no wine. This night BLOWS. *white girl voice*"
"I sing Mozart and play guitar, but not at the same time."
"u asked ppl to submit photos of wildlife in their backyards & use a #. I'm doing a prez & want 2 include. Maybe #nwf?"
"3pm first mention of the"
"+1 MT Digital curating #fxinternet #sif12 was great success. Would be great to see similar at #igf2012 & HU"
"it's telling that not one of the commenters or links mentions her name, or people wondering if she has a place to live."
"It hurts me to read with this migraine and all these people sending me paragraphs, why y'all wanna be interesting tonight ?"
"Any C# Wizards out there with games exp in the #bayArea looking for a 12-15 month Contract?"
"Like I'm not gonna rape you in the locker room dude?"
"He sucks at it though"
"I think we need to do this again. :)"
"was that #World_Peace smashing #Rondo's head into the ground like that?"
"listening to ? Very proud. Be sure and catch him tonight with your boy on cc:"
"I think that's the only route for some artists, especially those starting out."
"sure i do lets start by hi my name is jasmin lol"
"It's so complicated"
"Thanks for the RT yesterday. Enjoy this beautiful day!"
"Trying out my new garment steamer tonight"
"There will be an application at the beginning of next semester. If you want any tips, feel free to let me know!"
"the way that you flip your hair get me overwhlemed"
"I Dropped That \"No More Locked Doors\" But Damn, Now They Wanna Lock Me Up Tho..."
"It feels like a Friday, for serious. Not running on a class schedule anymore with school out! Working & study time for next 7 days :)"
"maybe you like it in forever 21 or something at millcreek"
"Natalie I love your spread!!! Filmmaker Darren A. Saunders"
"Congrats to Tim Hays on Caroline Street, who won our donated house history at the Dupont Village auction!"
"God bless you. I am happy to know your relationship is filled with His love and favor. :)"
"Ok here's one I haven't played in a while... The Monaurail! Yeahh..."
"masking jealousy isnt cool"
"I'll understand if there's no Ustream today. Austin is going through a lot from yesterday. -Ally"
"you're phenomenal love"
"RT : mixed signals <<<<"
"cool i need tickets for that"
"do you ever wonder what happened to richy aka zip LOLOL"
"Indeed he is. Nice strategery, waiting for the game to (finally) end."
"Check us out at Lazershirts.com!"
"Same here -> One of my favorite #wines. Perfect description. Can't wait till it returns to the Canadian shelves."
"And time goes by so slowly..."
"nah...i think it will be funny forever."
"this is cute ."
"Whenever i'm upset i just watch or listen to straight to dvd"
"In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration. - Ansel Adams"
"we talk on fb every now and then. She is married and just had a baby a few year ago"
"Yes it's worth 2.99!"
"“: Ill be surprised if fits into her prom dress after that lunch we just ate” YOGFO (you only get fat once)"
"cyberbully is my new FAVORITE movie."
"smith needs to smile she crush my mood!"
"Just made friends with a bunch of Sons of Silence guys. My life is now complete."
"such a fan of hard to pick just one favorite piece, love them all!"
"Musicians must be able to identify their product lineup and give their fans a way to receive that artwork!"
"Perforce Offers Software Version Management System Free for up to 20 Users with New 20/20 Program"
"Hear, hear! Sorry I am missing this session. Can I get your paper?"
"My friend Bill is threatening to take his screaming money (Woot special) to conference. I think that would be hilarious. Bishop might not."
"YES! Your lucky day...and mine! :) I have a few spots left for my June Challenge group...want in? Shoot me DM ASAP, so I can save ur spot."
"oh so I need to be there like yesterday huh lol"
"at the last tweet about u that I retweeted haha"
"wow!! 30% off wine on Sunday and Monday... get it!! :)"
"Paul in the UK just tweeted that he is out of Uncle Jim's...we need to fix this!"
"It doesn't appear to be Saturday."
"Baltimore taxi drivers appreciation day. Downtown Visitor Center 11:30-1:30. Taxi drivers work 365 / 24 / 7 for over 100 years. Thank you."
"please stop talking to these hideous broads on twitter lol"
"Good luck on your search! :)"
"Need some #boozyinspiration... Check out mag online. Love it!"
"A part of my lawn is sunken and barren. New Orleans, know a good landscape artist I might call?"
"Hey guys, ths twitter isnt joey max again. Hem Im nt hm"
"I'm old..I'm getting ready for bed already"
"God Bless!"
"Daily Tip: Walk facing traffic so you can see approaching cars."
"There just comes a time in life where you don't care about what others think anymore"
"Whitney Houston reflected our own beauty, tenderness, joy. It's shining, singing and smiling. The Spirit of creativity lives!"
"... there has been too much negativity in my life. none of it is coming into my new life."
"no, europeans.. well i guess they are our ancestors too.."
"#jamming tonight!"
"penne for your thoughts/planet of the grapes/taste buds"
". has a new album? yes! I'm ready for the productivity train."
"Lawrence J. Peter Some of the world's greatest feats wer accomplished by people not smart enough 2 know they wer impossible."
"flight already booked. Only question is if they break the Dolphins 16-0 record on their way there!"
"lol welcome to the life ...my sleep schedule too fucked up"
"RT : taking the stage with at"
"is there anyway yhu might be able 2 follow me"
"yep: too long"
"Matt King shout-out-ing the"
"#DenverNuggets are playing horribly against a sub-par team in the #Pistons, 17min to turn this game around!!"
"YA we do....Let me know what you want..."
"MRNG PEOPLE, JUST GETTING UP, SMH, TIME 2 HIT THE STUDIO. HOPE YA SEEN THE VIDEOS, OF THE THIEF WHO STOLE MY DJ EQUIP. POSTED ON MY WALL???"
"be safe in your travels. Although I don't condone, I would have done the same thing bro!"
"I'll see you there!"
"Is Marcum the retaliation type?"
"Just checked my email and sent me that F I R E!!!"
"but thats what andrews for"
"Just watched Everything In Between again. An outstanding doc. If you haven't seen it, check it out. -- great work."
"Sometimes we can hold so tightly to what we enjoy that we deny ourselves the opportunity to enjoy new and different things. We can become s…"
"As I'm in a #good mood 2day, I'll follow everyone who follow me 4 a few hours from now! So let's go, #follow me now!"
"Girls be switching Smh"
"#IfWomenDidNotExist, there'd be a lot more pink."
"it's hurt"
"CEO Sterling Speirn just took the stage. #ccsforum2012 \"Infants are only defined by the people around them.\""
"AQUS breakout play, the bulls are here .0081s up!"
"Forgive me destiny this world has ruined your plans for me"
"Video Shoot Tomorrow For New Single Off Fuck Ya Feelin's Get Mad Vol2"
"A cold wind blows, Brighton to the coast for me"
"The Celtics weren't giving the ball to Ray Allen as of late, and they finally do and he not only had a big game, but goes clutch!"
"That is amazing. I have the end of the month as one and whenever someone notices that something is wrong as the other deadline."
"That only means this process needs 2 be over. But I won't rush it a bit I want the most healthiest baby ever (: !!! Gn Tweeple"
"Happy Hour at 5! Professional Development Panel Discussion at 6:30! You'll be at both, yeah?"
"Welcome to MW, Eric. Sounds like a good morning with social media. Always time for the next (r)evolution."
"Congrats, guys! Can't wait to pick up some great shirts and ties on April 28."
"I'm quitting life if he's out for a significant amount of time"
"I love you too :D <3"
"Hyper-caffeinated and forgot to eat. Oops. *bzzzzzzt*"
"Just got in the mail today... it's going to be a good weekend. To confirm nerdyness 2nd read is Steampunk Maker's Guide"
"Tips for Healthy Hair and Hair Dandruff Care"
"Ah, Razorianfly.com was just blocked at my school! What am I to do?!?!"
"Star Camp will be in your city soon promoting \"Getting Em\" be on the look out"
"cool bro"
"\"Countries don't want the Secretary-General to have a rapid response force because he might use it.\" Wolfgang"
"Its time to check the candy from last night"
"I can't catch up to your avi changes"
"For long presentations, I use a switch to alternate between slides on laptop and apps on iPad."
"I think all of those that have doubts or worries about how great is going to be should stop worrying right now The game lives up to the hype"
"thanks very much! So nice of u to say!!"
"First day of work and I am EXHAUSTED."
"Applaud for today's launch of a nationwide campaign urging legislators to reform, repeal, or defeat Shoot First laws"
"uh i hate drama so lets not start it ! :)"
"Gotta take exams today. Wish me luck!"
"yes it is and was"
"Rooting for hon. You are my fave, and have my vote any day. Keep your beautiful spirit shinning. Love u and am proud of u."
"Frankie Laine was also the first white artist to cross the color line to be on Nat Cole's ill-fated TV show."
"Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts"
"Hello by Karmin is an unbelievably incredible song."
"Stage 5 Clinger"
"“: Crying doesn't indicate that you're weak. Sometimes, it just means that you've been strong for too long.”"
"I'd give up aannyytthhiinngg just to have you here again. i need to see your smile and hear your jokes."
"Started out hustlin ended up"
"same here good night."
"Some 'Rest' day this turned out 2 b....7 appts on 3hrs sleep."
"I know! It was a very cool moment to sit down with him and have him answer everyone's Qs."
"Eating watermelon like my life depended on it. LOL"
"#tech2012 revolving door between companies and law enforcement. Google and AT&T look to government for biz; bad incentives to coop"
"#youknowyoucanpitch if the other team's coach doesn't like you."
"mayor resigns amid tax fraud but cat fighting drunk Nassau Co commish chair still in office"
"#MacBook is what you need!!!!"
"She wants you to keep having churria...lmao"
"This Bethany class of Senior, is like half our freshman class.. lololol.."
"yeah buddy! Thanks for the spins. When is the vinyl? Luv u."
"About to talk to Jason Suchomel of Orangebloods.com about #longhorns recruiting. Listen live: espnaustin.com"
"That's hilarious. RT : My mom asked why would anybody want to join Iota Phi Theta? Haha. Good question momma"
"RIP to Chuck Brown, he was just on my mind last night. He will always be known as the Godfather of"
"I don't mind being alone...But I hate feeling alone..."
"Am I the only person that see a possible Super Bowl matchup between the Baltimore Ravens & Green Bay Packers?"
"At the hospital."
"Will you marry me ?"
"can u please follow me back please :)"
"well thanks !"
"Looking forward to the much needed sleep tonight when I get back to my Cinci home. Going to tape my eye lids open for the rest of the day."
"Dont sub-tweet , mention the bitch !"
"What's wrong"
"you have a fantastic ass"
"it doesn't give anything away. And last night was ahhhhhmazing. Thank god we have game of thrones to tide us over until season 3"
"Do you have an order number?"
"English \"this is one of this days when everything goes wrong and I just want to die and idk that word"
"but waiting takes too long , huh ?"
"Not as excited as I am about my upcoming mid-50s! GHAAAAAA!!!!!!!"
"Travel Deal: $161 Roundtrippers this weekend out of Cleveland: NYC, Philly, DC, & more."
"\"My independence which is my power, implicates loneliness, which is my weakness.\"--P.P. Pasolini"
"You da best!"
"It is safe to say that #Hannity show has now sunken to the level of a gossip magazine. Constant \"shocking insights\" into Obama life."
"#CloudExpo - we will be in attendance- watch for us #CloudTriXs - or let us know what Booth you are at for Partnering, Alliance, & or Sales"
"Watching lincoln lawyer, he is 2 cool 4 me,lol!!!"
"Lakers or Nuggets? Which one are you rooting for?"
"weave weave weave"
"Everybody hating on HE GOES HARD AF. don't hate him cause you ain't him."
"oh no!"
"O: I love Miami , my cousins live there !"
"that guys an asshole xD you're not a fag. Don't listen to bullshit, love"
"WARNING: Caffeine not at Therapeutic levels, tolerance for stupid people low, approach at own risk. You have been warned."
"Yeah thats true, my gramny use to say only you know when its time to walk away"
"so...gmail is down. that's really inconvenient."
"Lin's kicks were hot tonight in the Futures Game"
"Check out the amazing artwork of Haley Cassatt!"
"NGP VAN does not buy, sell, or trade lists. We provide a blank database."
"Little Mountain no go, but Willoughby is..I'm excited as some of my fav breweries are gonna be there that arent in PA"
"Can't wait to see this fat pay check 💰"
"Red red wine stay close to me"
"#MyWorldMemories when restarted baby 3 TIMES in pittburgh cause he was laughing too hard :)"
"be on the look out in the next couple days son"
"I'm trying to remember why I loved you so much...because now, I'm at a loss where that's concerned. SMH"
"thx...I have the bye this wk. playoffs for me are 15 & 16. Still like celek? I'm gonna see how they do this wkd."
"#ugh so sneezie"
"Indeed: Sitting on a saddle, waiting for the bus to move...."
"Breakfast at waffle.house sounds real gud rite nw"
"Currently brewing while watching Kindergarten Cop. I love my job."
"I feel so incredibly blessed."
"So excited to sleep in for Mothers Day. Which, to be exact, means I get to sleep til 7:30am."
"Sorry, Ben, not this time! I need to build up some time off unfortunately."
"RT : For the record... I love my Mac! This thing rocks! // TVA is Mac powered too!!"
"amazon, barnes n noble, kindle nook ;)"
"PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL! Mention Facebook when you order & get 20% off TODAY!"
"trying to imagine LA drivers in London.... not a bloody chance mate... in a city where EVERYONE drives... NO ONE can drive... wow."
"May your neighbors respect you, trouble neglect you, angels protect you and heaven accept you."
"INDEED! NO OTHER OPTION ;-)"
"her email is \"\" hahahahah dying ova heaaaa."
"good how bout"
"Its km CNN iTunes hydrogen ignorance McDonald McGee"
"Lol. Yep that was funny! :)"
"& yes, being the lonley Data Librarian is difficult. Hopefully the person they find will have the sense to share the work around."
"glam evening - thanks to great artists and grand piano of Yamaha Artist Services and the elegant Rose Bar! Thank you!"
"Thanks for all the follows! Get involved, visit our website, drop a line and pass it on.We appreciate your support. Our event is approaching"
"RT : Up next: on what he thinks the US and President #Obama should do about #Syria //Who cares?"
"GREAT WIN GUYS"
"...the tweet party in my pants?"
"Domenech: we're frustrated. 4 n's: NCLB, no reauth. No reg. Relief, no money."
"Hey, remember how great Kordell Stewart looked with the Steelers? Gailey can make bad look ok"
"- In the $1 bins! Can you believe it?!"
"Aww, so your close. :) how is it over there ?"
"I'm actually not judging. it really threw me for a loop to hear that you're skipping meals on purpose."
"…I'm not going to go near an ice-cream truck now. Thanks to …"
"DUDE! That is awesome. I am totally jealous!"
"Chicago vs Boston ..... Thinkin bout goin to watch the rest of the game at a bar.....Idk yet tho"
"I'm pondering joining a gang what's more sliming red or blue"
". met you at #desblogconf2012. Have 48 hrs with kids in Seattle in a few weeks. What are your no miss sights and restaurants?"
"-- im only using twitter bc facebook is down"
"So funny that everyone loved shabazz this morning and now hate him...Jesus he's 18 years old...he's doing what he wants to do in life."
"What happened when the Irishman met the French Assasin?? NO Shots On Goal!"
"Am I seriously crying durning an episode of bones?"
"Good Morning New York!!!"
"If its anything like those volcano tacos I am in trouble"
"There is no better song right now than 's #BOYFRIEND Its amazing!"
"The most common name in Italy is Mario Rossi."
"Poised Creation uses several different models of success theory when consulting artists!"
"Do you use Raw Elements Sunscreen? We want to hear from you! Pls post pict on our FB page!"
"What if you honestly want her and not me ? >>>>>"
"Fantastic Indiana Real Estate report for August: The median sale price of homes increased 1.7% (IE home values are on the rise)"
"A warm-up violation? Were they wearing hoodies?"
"It's not too late. “: It has just occurred to me how quickly I'm growing apart from my high school friends.”"
"My List 1. Sleep all day. ChEcK"
"tweeting my life away, searching for a better way, for me. . .a little updating for the old Eddie Rabbitt song"
"hm i technically had a mini three some with two guys, not sex but yeah.. i'm 8th grade.."
"Vacation Day 1: Flu, Chicken Noodle, Tazo Earl Grey, tall Pike Place, less than 100 words of a short, possible fever, 0 pages read, 1 tweet."
"A boy in army pants is sexy ;D"
"Wrap party for \"The Garden\" Actually the half wrap party :)"
"3D digital designer? Ya, we need ya. Now."
"Patron wanted easy adaptations of Snow White and Wizard of Oz."
"So I saw your post on Tumblr about the TAP private party, and my friends and I would definitely be interested! :)"
"<3 miss me"
"eating a lovely dinner at before Mac shopping."
"Epic goodbye Mark! One for the books."
"With what pants"
"Charlie and the Chocolate Ripple Factory"
"All i want is love <|3"
"The writers of #desperate-housewives should be ashamed of themselves"
"A #biztraveler was struggling with an expense report! When shown how easy it was to book & manage #travel , she said WOW!"
"When there is a smile on your face,the world seems like a kinder place :)"
"it was bro"
"Sounds like a great idea!"
"How are you celebrating the first day of Spring?"
"New favorite TV show hands down... #ThePitch on AMC. Great inside look at the creative process of some top ad agencies and products."
"“Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family. Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one.” – Jane Howard"
"Let's hope that prenup does it's job."
"We were in the press lounge/pit most of acl!Why didnt we hang out?Last day I was selling my halos for my doc trip to Liberia"
"haha yeah after a point its hard to go back. The D800 looks solid"
"Its hard to find the non-GMO Project Verified foods I wish there was better labeling in the store. Nudge."
"#HEATLTHY EATING IS THE RIGHT THING TO DO"
"YOUR NEIGHBOR IS CRYING ON THE INSIDE; PRAY AND ENCOURAGE HER (Jer 17:15) Where is the word of the LORD? Let it come now! #Sir Court"
"Offense has gone back in to sleep mode"
"Spent 300 on the frames just for blockin out u haters!!!"
"The rain stopped just in time to bike to work, yay! On the other hand, I feel like I'm getting sicker by the minute."
"Check out \"42 by NIght\""
"I'm sorry I didn't make it over. Did Justin Thomas sit in on vibes?"
"don't forget about his hot ex wife Juwanna"
"IDK but Ramon Sessions handling the ball calms me down!!!"
"also, i'm a freelance blogger now. if anyone really wants my terrible opinion on something, just ask! i'll be glad to give you 200 words."
"Dr. Levine is as pleasant as he is painless. Thanks to he and his staff for continued great service. John - Cedarburg"
"Hi back! I wasn't sure it was definitely you, but took a shot."
"Hehe its funny how you have 64,595 followers .. but yet you follow 0 .. :D"
"#Oomf hugs me like she miss me and never want me to leave bt she too stubborn to actually say it.....come on now"
"Do you have a selection of craft brews in cans? We're thinking of a little blind taste test with some friends."
"please much appreciate it :] thank you"
"The \"I can here you now\" Verizon guy is like The Jared of tech spokesman"
"Kurt dressed like on #glee lml"
"Insist on being yourself. No one can do that better than you.... -James Collier"
"Hey! Welcome to the photo group ;) Where are you from?"
"i'm not in a doctor's office."
"Ladies and gents, Shawn brings his Thurs Night party to Sabbatic at 9. There will be great music, great people, and plenty of shots!"
"DM me some info :))"
"OH: I gotta girl party to go to for my birthday"
"I sneak in midday naps too. ;) )"
"Racine Lutheran....great team n well coached!"
"Envy. Going again this week, I think!"
"Just wrapped up a set of Christmas songs at Turf Valley. Back to Buffett, Chesney, etc after my break. Good night so far!"
"thanks for the RT - how do you spell tax payer relief:"
"First time in my life I walk into a place and am asked if I want my regular. Feel like this is some sort of life milestone."
"Damn right. RT : I don't care what anyone says…. I'm waking up to go tailgating at 7am"
"I haven't been to blur since November.. It looks different up in here.. I like it"
"Aw I'm sorry to hear JoJo :'("
"Thanks & ! I'll have to talk with my agent, aka , about future opportunities ; )"
"&#39;Bucket list baby&#39; dies unexpectedly"
"I'll be on campus until 7 today. Tomorrow, wed, I'm here from 9 am to 6pm"
"\"The work we’re putting in now, we have never done this before. We haven’t done it at this level...\" - TJ McDonald"
"Thanks to all who attended UCLA Library's 1st ever Teaching and Learning Services Workshop \"What's Your Teaching Philosophy?\"! A full crowd!"
"They are dredging the Hudson River for PCBs directly across from us...bright lights and noise 24-6...air quality monitor in our yard...fun!"
"Happy Birthday to my F A K E ass used to be besstfriend Kadeem Weston ! I love youur fake ass !"
"Don't complain to me about something you don't wanna change #easyasthat 👍"
"Just killed it tonight at the dance studio and met another girl name Carissa but she doesn't spell it with 2x r's n 2 s's like my name :)"
"hehe -- RT : 18% of Americans want #HCR repealed. 12% believe Joan of Arc was Noah's wife. I'm guessing there's some crossover."
"My baby cousin is trying out for her first year of cheer this afternoon. I am excites for her and nervous! :)"
"I ain't mad atcha I got nothin but love for ya"
"Are you surprised by Axl Rose's decision.....?"
"sumone please visit me. I dont wanna study! No wait dont. Wait do! cuz I can't focus anyway...wait...dont....wait..."
"all I smell is sunscreen!"
"Groupon users, if it was your first visit, we hope to serve you again with our good food & LTC."
"yeah. I feel a little vertigo now and then. Inner clock all outta wack too."
"not many are deserving"
"When FB keeps friend suggesting your ex's new girlfriend that he left you for, to you."
"I volunteer"
"Big Cody - Happy Birthday!"
"How did pull off such a strong victory in a crowded field? Join me,Kenyan, and Askia Muhammed today at 6 on WPFW."
"Hey John, It's Scott, one-time radio news guy in Astoria, Long Beach. How are mornings treating you at K103 lately?"
"Hehe...you always have something fun to say don't you?"
"You coming to the thing tonight? -\"I wasn't invited.\" AAWWWWKWWWWAAARRDD."
"Just curious, why follow me. :)"
"I almost forgot!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3 you're an amazing person! One of my idols! Hope it's a good one :') <33"
"I like them all light skin dark skin brown skin! All skin Lego"
"Braves won today off a walk off hit my boy Freddie Freedman"
"Guess who's got the #2 highest Inflight Trivia Score? This nerd! (They were nearly all music questions.)"
"The house of horror!"
"only for The rest of us would love it!"
"do you two realize how early it is? MY FRIENDS ARE ALCOHOLICS"
"Individuals who have become high-profile by attacking the social & political media bigwigs at every opportunity.."
"Last nite's rehearsal was killer. We pounded the contest set and a Suntones classic for our June show. Portland only 2 months away!"
"The blues wont bring me down."
"Happy Mothers Day. Thanks for the quote."
"Great coffee spot; a location where everyone in the world comes to their door! Baristas care about the coffee and it shows."
"lordy! Quite sunny here and we're preparing for a relaxing weekend."
"Yo! I would like to introduce you to and These are peeps you should know."
"Getting ready for the dance"
"lmao, i know i messed it up &, only you kay would bust me out lol"
"Nothing better then buying some Snap Backs. (:"
"hey granny i got it:) tell dad i said hi"
"Uh-huh...sure!! \"For kids\" Hey, I'll always be a kid, will get it on next grocery excursion."
"Let's go OKC!"
"RT : Superberry and Clear Mind kombucha by Brew Dr. are on tap in the juice bar."
"\"Fine then. I'll just eat Chinese food every night.\" - whiny dude on the phone w/his lady, trying to get her to come over."
"which game should I attend this year? Need to keep the live tweeting tradition alive!"
"So funkin' true RT : Staying with someone who doesn't appreciate you isn't loyalty, its stupidity."
"Are you One Direction, cuz yu stole every piece of my heart ;)"
"So happy to welcome to the Fresh ID family! Great first day of motivated learning... Adam is our new sales ninja so say howdy!"
"lol I love u"
"my son is five damn time flys"
"swaggin with these niggas now i got thinkin y she ain't mine yet?????"
"ramen noodles like a boss"
"#Thanksgiving madness is beginning! Who is #BlackFriday shopping? Think I'll avoid everything shopping related..."
"Ok give me your predictions for Top 3 on #DragRace ... and who you think is going all the way?? In related news..."
"Trixie just caught her second mouse in less than twenty minutes. Not sure if that is good or bad."
"Plenty going on at the studio today. Coffee's up!"
"Damn Chicago Y did D.Rose's knee have to do dat????"
"Thanks for the #followfriday !"
"hit the spray tan before #theshirtoff Both look good.."
"Coffee. Coffee, music, and slow moving."
"you should get him a present."
"Haha, definitely a polarizing musician; people seem to either love him or hate him. ;-)"
"so when do the evil tease excerpts start?"
"It really creeps me out when guys have finger nails so long you could give them a french manicure.."
"Slappers and ankles do not mix. Think that may just have been my last game helping out on defense..."
"Just how much do game testers earn, anyway? Here are game tester salary figures to give you an idea"
"do you no anyone famous?"
"Will the next generation of Beckys be spared hearing, \"Oh. mah. god. Becky. Look at her butt.\" every time they introduce themselves?"
"Chat about #musesocial on 3/15 from 12-5 ET. We're discussing #museum social media goals, management, audiences learning. (RT )"
"#ideachat Agree. Focus on quality vs quantity enhances twitter chats."
"I pray for motivation for them!"
"hey enter our beer pong tournament - every tuesday starting feb. 8 - cash prizes and trophies."
"Your Acct was hacked and is posting Dms with links to malware. Time to change your password."
"Short evening tonight, bed at 9p and up for work at 4a :( lol"
"Are you ready for the campiest movie of the decade? I am!"
"Happy birthday !"
"Don’t ever wrestle with a pig. You’ll both get dirty, but the pig will enjoy it."
"RT : Undie Sunday numbers are in from today 565 pairs of socks, 432 pairs of underwear, and 55 bras!!!!"
"aye detention buddy xD it's isabelle :D"
"Oh, also, ONE MORE WEEK."
"She took it to church."
"never cut rhubarb in BED"
"I guess I'll go to bed now bc that nigga gonna be at my door bright and early ugh"
"All ASA students in Buenos Aires are safe after the train crash yesterday. Thoughts are w/ victims & families impacted by the accident."
"I barely realized spiderman wasn't invited to the avengers party.. Lol"
"that or midget wrestling."
"pictures?:P"
"my pleasure. well written and loved the story. It was an awesome title defense at Wildflower!"
"Nothing makes my morning like talking to about all the amazing work he is doing at the #NIC!"
"Love you too big headRT : I love you Bae"
"Blownn Off My Ass.!!!"
"It blows my mind when people use \"your\" as \"you're\" AND as \"your\" in the same sentence. Like, did it even faze you?"
"just finished eating bro, now I gotta worry bout my Chem final, but today's also"
"Honestly I didn't eat that much but I am #SuperBowl #stuffed. #racquetball tomorrow."
"Statistics is starting to get worse. I'm 98% confident that I hate stats."
"Brew Crew couldn't get it done tonight, but I'll be in the house to watch em win it on Friday!"
"The value of ABA is that learners do things that they currently arent. Once they do and have a positive experience they will more often."
"Jaelle.. you know your gonna comeback. admit it."
"I crushed ur heart once again I'm sorry cant sleep can't breathe knowing how I hurt u twice in one year at that know that I still love u"
"Seems like Pepsi is trying too hard to leverage XFactor sponsorship w/ #SBXLVI.Love simplicity of Coke/American Idol activation"
"Haunted? Tell the story! RT : Idk why you guys like the #UNCC library..it's the worst place for studying and it's haunted."
"Really impressed with \"The Avengers\". Well done, Joss Whedon."
"\": Im prolly not gnna sleep...shrugs*\""
"Hey everyone, we'll be on tonight at 6pm! Make sure you tune in. tweet your questions to: !"
"grammar is very important for effective writing, but maybe not the intricate terms such as objective &demonstrative"
"We are too!! We're snacking the morning away on #popchips. Our favorite is the chili lime!"
"5134262585, use it"
"How exciting, can't wait to see them. Come visit me soon. I'm feeling better and hopefully by July I'll be walking again."
"Moxie's resident queen, Truth is doing her thing in the studio remaking an old joint...wish I could share it with you but...."
"One more Fun Friday Fact: A hot towel cold stone face massage can help relieve allergy symptoms."
"Hahahaha my dogs are so scared right now cuz of this thunder storm but keep running outside lol"
"A Christian cannot help but read the Scriptures. To be a Christian is to rejoice in the power of the Holy Spirit . . ."
"<3'd the campfire songs on last nights episode!! Future little singers ;) Adorable"
"#MyPastRelationships Forever Alone."
"Vista Comm Clinic rep says its important to take prevention message to social media sites - where kids are already talking to each other."
"WHY WOULD YOU THINK SINGING, LET ALONE SINGING LIKE A 1930S RECORDING, IS APPROPRIATE IN A COFFEE SHOP?"
"RT : u kno it bro.. done dat now... only herbs now · proud of you my twigga"
"I full on melted to pieces the other night....cried for like 3 hours. f the visa. ya know!?"
"thank you!!! Do you have an #iPhone?"
"Merry Christmas"
"thanks for the heads up on this, it isnt our intention to alienate people at the station."
"Electrolux and Artisan Agreement Marks First Step in North American Licensing ... - Exec Digital (press release)"
"At my homie L.U.S.T party DUDE GOT SO MANY JAZZY WOMEN IN DERE!!! THINK IM BULLSHITTIN....100 TO 3"
"where you been, btw? Gonna be at bocce tmrw?"
"It's 12:30 in my heart. Thank you KLock."
"I hear you..."
"\": That's Collin's second goal of the season and Zusi's sixth assist. Zus leads the league in assists.\""
"S/o to doin it big in the underground!!!!"
"please keep that forever"
"Just another reminder: the official twitter page for #AnnieAutomatic is !! LoveLoveLove"
"yes you do you ):"
"On October 19, Microsoft advertised Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by presenting Xbox 360 consoles and Kinect bundles to the guests."
"It's clearly a ticket from the future!"
"Generally OBSESSED with our artists! Love, love, love our members!"
"RT : I like Commons as presented by Acquia at"
"I'm always disappointed when a liar's pants doesn't actually catch on fire! ;)"
"Cats: Meow meow meow Meow meow meow Meow meow meow. Me: YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO DOMINATE THE WORLD YET. STFU."
"It's funny how my dads ex girl works here and me and him just smile everythime she passes by lmao"
"not with louisville. It will get worked out. A Kentucky vs Indiana challenge would be cool. Purdue IU, Butler v UK UofL and Murray"
"I loved hearing Gaffigan give the same interview to Nerdist and then Adam."
"What does FF mean?"
"RT what's #TedxABQ? It's the independent version of #TED. Technology Entertainment Design. Great speakers! Look online"
"why do viewers want to kill Shane? He's the best solider in the group. Second n command to Rick.Has guts to do what it takes."
"Heading to the Dancing with the Stars after party with and for his birthday. #LAsFinest baby!"
"The Bluest Rye"
"its 11:11 make a wish....my wish is for you to follow me:-) <3"
"\"What will you remember 10 years from now, that you decided to write that English paper …\" (1 of 3 )"
"If I am a tease, you have a lot to please"
"\": I'm so sleepy....\" I hate when I am tired,but I can't bring myself 2 sleep! Like Tonight.I will be up 4 hours 4 no reason"
"Won my 2nd round match today 3 and 2 for the Lake Presidential match play tourney. Putted extremely well. Round 3 next wk vs Peter Bondra."
"we're with you!"
"ND is coming SOON!! December 2nd and 3rd, in Fargo!"
"Insomnia+cigarettes+ =inspiration for a new poem"
"Is it possible though? Watch the documentary called 'Food Inc', it'll make you think!"
"thanks for all the support! <3"
"Socks with sandals!!!!! One of my biggest pet peaves!!!! No time!"
"hi Rick just received word Step Gaye passed away. Heart is heavy."
"Thanks for an evening of amazing music!"
"Now Playing: \"Big Quippin' (Barry's Theme),\" Music From and Inspired by A&E's Storage Wars"
"Congrats to for being the 500th follower! She has won a FREE copy of the upcoming EP, \"Pink Balloon\" Stay tuned evry1!"
"Happy birthday on this Easter renewal day. You deserve some rest. hugs!"
"How can I help you today?"
"\"My Cuban cigar from Mexico!!\""
"Sunday, 15th April - Charity Car wash and personal pizza while you wait for £5 at Dominos Pizza, Newark. Proceeds to"
"When you put makeup on cause you think your goin somewhere but then your stupid mom says you can't go -_- I hate parents sometimes!"
"I wish I had a date to prom"
"he was my first hour teacher my freshman year"
"What happens if u \"like\" a post twice via mobile texting? does it toggle back to \"unlike\" status or just stay in \"like\" status?"
"funny how our plans/time frame dont always match up with His isnt it? Hes got it under control sir, you just keep on keepin on!"
".: The failed to complete a 2011 annual report despite being obligated to under its contract with the city."
"I'm gay and that's the way I will stay. ;)"
"As much as you hurt me, why do I keep trying. I'm putting myself through hell."
"Never be to smart to listen."
"Balboa park's Air & Space Museum will have free admission on Tuesday Dec. 28 from 10 am to 4 pm"
"Missin my favs, see you lovely ladies saturday :)"
"#follow Friday because she is totally awesome!"
"#Revenge time!"
"Used my heart monitor to track heart-rate while sleeping and then running; all numbers match target averages on the dot :)"
"SWAG=YOURS TRULY"
"Can a young nigga get money anymore"
"That is a great quote! Thanks."
"Thanks to and for allowing us to spread our message at your great show this weekend!"
"Sunday... Church, #NASCAR from 'Dega, and family...I'll take it ;)"
"The Radleys, by Matt Haig: lots of fun with vampires"
"Sometimes you get so fustrated and burnt out on rehearsing and playing out you just need a break this is my first break in over 20yrs."
"About to talk about with students at Via Skype!"
"Oh my goodness, Goose! That's crazy!"
"Welcome - it will be a great night....."
"I love that pooch picture...why do cockers look away so much when they are hugged..I have one too..a rescue..she rescued me...lol"
"I enjoy the wee hours most. I'm just a people person, I guess."
"I'm very jealous. Sounds so tasty!"
"If you hire a recruitment agency and the first thing they do is post the job, you need a new recruitment agency. Anyone can post a job."
"I usually have a glass of lemonade, but to each their own! Lol"
"Although of course the American right doesn't care much about the children of the working poor"
"That's neat! I don't have cash for strawberries today tho!"
"Can't take this heat no more"
"Really recommend Marni Mann's Memoirs Aren't Fairytales: A story of addiction. Great story, fantastic writing."
"Does the XQuery Mediator of the ESB support XQuery Full Text? I'd love to handle messages based on tokens (vs. strings)."
"if it isn't much trouble, I'd like to get that recipe at some point."
"fairy lights!! how do I go about that?!"
"it's not my birthday. It's next week."
"I love MLB baseball but agree... regular season is way too freaking long"
"I got it from Netflix"
"funny when u look in the mirror u still cant c urself clearer or fight life cuz ur still not inferior."
"Kinda excited to see wheezy"
"We have school on my birthday this year. How disappointing."
"My mind playing tricks on me"
"Long day of filming...back to the drawing board call @ 8:20 am. Looking forward to another day of filming. After that, TimeScare"
"u kidding? I will be front row (no pun intended ) with my I <3 the B-more Fergs tee on."
"Today's not a good day."
"no later than 6 pm."
"Kevin Durante bout to catch fire now"
"totally. oh wait, do you mean me? because then no."
"Speed Training"
"hope u stay forever and ever .. :) keep making us happy .. Kau ang inspiration nmn mga lovebirds hehehhe mwah!mwah!"
"Did anyone get rained on this morning? We had some tropical-esque showers near the Encinitas retreat."
"I am the next biggest thing watch as i create music like you never knew it. Follow me at my twitter and see what happens as I make it."
"Heck naw. lol. But Im headed to the library though in about an hour to start something. You been able to get stuff done this week?"
"thank you for the tweet! It was a great lecture!"
"Elise and Eddy will be the death of me!"
"remember when you used to tweet fans"
"I think it has potential to be an image problem for the program. Easy for schools to negative recruit agaisnt"
"Love is the best thing in the world. ❤"
"thats true hopefully the actual one is better! What order are they gonna put groups in tm?"
"screamo and techno put together is omg the best!!! :D"
"Don't forget to come to the Crawfordsville Easter Egg Hunt on the grounds of the Lew Wallace Study tomorrow at 1!"
"Watching Gnomeo & Juliet has made me want to buy even more gnomes. Also flamingos and Braveheart bunnies."
"what happened?"
"My wife said tonight that I can have a beer for every #Brewers run......let's get it started!"
"that would b legit!ima get back to u asap bout that cuz i need to figure out if ima need a car this weekend while im at home lol"
"WOW! Great link, thanks. I don't know why I'm so surprised... I guess I thought anthro was one of the more \"eccentric\" programs :)"
"Lmao 21 jump to crazy funny"
"\"Johnny Depp wears a hat and the sets look like they were made from Skittles then left in the rain!\" - Every Tim Burton pitch since 2005"
"AMANDA SYFREID IS THE LUCKIEST GIRL SHE GOT TO MAKEOUT WITH MEGAN FOX"
"What a happy surprise!! We need to catch up in Seattle!"
"Anthony Davis officially added to 18-man pool for U.S. Olympic team."
"Just wrapped second day of shooting for Francescas Collections! Went great :)"
"*headdesk* RT I'm not sure what to make of all the Super Moon photos taken with a flash."
"\": Rise & Shine Thank God & Grind\""
"Feeling stressed? Come in for a quick or long therapeutic massage. Go to www.massagedc.com for your $10 off coupon :)"
"I just started. Any recommendations?"
"Here come the waterworks"
"'Mad Men' and 'Rubicon'!"
"i do!"
"I'm great and yourself?"
"I love you like a love song baby. <3"
"So I bought my mom a shirt and she dirtied it by working on the garden. That made me laugh x)"
"Study for SEAM or watch the #preds in the playoffs tonight?"
"Ooh I want you, I don't know if I need you but ooh I'd die to find out."
"Teen or twentysomething me would be very confused by how excited I am for this Vikings game. Sorry, young me, you're a pretentious jerk."
"Happy New Year everyone!! May 2012 be the best year ever."
"ur giving me away"
"Back to reality."
"I say the exact same thing. But I get \"wow you are a lot taller in person.\" Happens all. the. time."
"Getting on a plane headed to NYC never gets old"
"We love to treat our patients at Madison No Fear Dentistry & Nothing beats a warm fresh-baked cookie on a cool fall day!"
"sounds like a human being"
"My Cocker Spaniel Dog is the cutest but dumbest dog alive"
"Good evening. :)"
"Exhausted today...I need a massage. And a margarita ..."
"Can a team have 3 shutdown corners?"
"No problem. I always like to see what other artist are saying and doing. I hope one day we can meet and do some projects together"
"One hour until #ICT4D live discussion with in #TC104. Can't wait!"
"My family is not ready to follow me on twitter"
"thanks for the #FF!"
"follow me its my dream"
"more african american indie filmmakers..."
"MTV True Life just left and we have a new selection of Buddah Bars. 2 g of mmj and super strong. Come check them out."
"With bells on, sir. cc/"
"So sick of funnel cakes..."
"I hate airports."
"The Village People should write a new song D.M.C.A Its fun to take down your work with a D.M.C.A."
"Go to www.teamkproductions.com to see the new www.BrioPhotography.com commercial!"
"It will be very interesting to watch if copyright issues start to dog Pinterest."
"You'll be missed Andrew ;-("
"when you discover you're digging yourself a hole you can't get out of... quit digging."
"What up tweople!"
"#FF experts helping others improve"
"i never use my Twitter.. Gotta Tweet more! Follow me"
"i'm a Ferrer fan in the Austalian Open. it's endurance and heart against Murray's natural talents"
"yes! The girls are always wearing stuff straight out of Styles."
"All programs are different to fit their libraries :) I sent you some links via email about our programs."
"Good. They put the Bucks on a channel that won't interrupt important sports."
"Q1 not all paper books get returned in one piece. A higher price? Maybe?"
"Congratulations to Art and Art History Prof. Evan Reed, who has been awarded a prestigious Franz and Virginia Bader Grant!"
"preparing to leave for #icsf in the morning. one more late night for the team."
"Watching Eclipse. I'd forgotten how hot Jasper is and how horrible Kristen Stewart is at acting"
"#BadBasketballPuns She told me she wanted to"
"I found your Load Storm tool site. Awesome tool! How does the licensing work? I'd like to use it for a VMworld lab."
"Snow flurries began the moment I left the house, so yes on the freezing."
"My friends think the most interesting man in the world is planking the final boss of the internet. Challenge accepted. Come at me, bro."
"for real? can't tell if you're joking, but that's the most fucked concept for a strip club imaginable."
"Either way, big hole at the 4 for #badgers in 2013. (You listening recruits?)"
"“: Why does that bother me so much though?..”"
"THANK YOU!"
"I baked you cookies for national weather person day...ok they're for SB party...but we'll claim they're dual purpose."
"drive-thru bank tellers still exist?"
"‘Prometheus’ Clip: On Approach to Doom via"
"\": I swear life is so much better if you just love yourself\""
"Sounds great!"
"follow and please :D x11"
"I can't wait for May 1st. Just to put on some pads and hit someone!"
"Winky the cat is needing lots of attention today, lots of purring & eye squeezes, but spilling many beads!"
"This is a fantastic way to recap #Luck: character IS structure. Also, more essays need to be written about Dennis Farina."
"Wearing your seat belt is so uncomfortable. No wonder why I normally dont"
"so ready for you to be here already!!! <3"
"Among NL teams, the Giants have the lowest BA. against Wolf (.217)."
"Oh neighbors, how delightful that little Booboo is outside all the time again. Still barky as ever, how lovely."
"Ugh - caught some bad mojo at the casino! Was doing fine - tipping along and then found a damn losing streak!"
"Or how about break-ups...like a band-aid...RIGHT OFF! :-)"
"Check out www.achealthcare.org, a great resource for info. about health care services in Alameda County!"
"what's up vince...I am still in ATL. Let's do work"
"you and John should receive the nobel peace prize"
"\"You never close your eyes, anymore when I kiss your lips.....\""
"It's a Pirate's Life For Me :)"
"Congrats to Mandy! RT : Found out I won the Pat Hoefling Memorial Scholarship to go to #aaup12 today! Yay!"
"what's with the technicals lately bro?"
"When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends."
"I wanna have sexual relations with oomf."
"Since David Letterman swore off tweeting, I feel I must fill the void"
"A 5 shot lead with 1 to go. #Tiger to close this one. How sweet it is!"
"Hi Okto it is great to hear from you. Best to your family and Popo and Luna cats."
"Really wish I didn't have to go back home tonight."
"\"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.\" - Winston Churchill rt"
"Each strives to be the other, and both together make up one whole"
"sej is easy!!!"
"The Jersey Shore crew: , , ,"
"Fml everything hurts right now"
"GAB has certified recalls for 4 Senators. Elections will be May 8, June 5."
"I already sent it check your email"
"you're a great person to talk to. If they don't see that then its not worth your time."
"“: ... sitting here chilling w my girls and my old friend Wannie... #karmenhere”play yo role lol"
"Havarti is the unsung hero of the cheese world."
"i love making lists. if i could be a list-maker in a professional capacity, that would rule."
"#InSchoolTheresAlways a teacher who is dumber than the kids..."
"Kid Cudi literally makes the most chill music, hes such a good rapper<3"
"Soo I aint got no socks for practice today --_______--"
"great images! Let us know when you post the rest!"
"RT: Not strange. This night the power of Allah o Akbar and Down With Dictator and Mousavi is at least tripled!"
"I miss my binky :'("
"My point being we've been teaching the same loving principles for, oh, 2000 years...and I ignore those who are hurtful"
"Writing for a 1st reading I have later today #NothingLikeTheLastMinute #writing #shortfilm :)"
"Jefferson 48 Toledo 39 with 6 mins to go in the game."
"Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind."
"$1million to the first person that gets a shot of Bieber planking?"
"They gon be butt naked making me fruitista's n shit."
"Rush gets Cipolloni to fly out to right, #UVA leaves the bases juiced. Still 2-0 Georgia Tech mid 3rd."
"are you fangirling?"
"REMINDER: Tonight's #revideo chat will be discussion on real estate video distribution strategy/tactics. Set your alarms to stun! 9pm EST."
"I love all of Andreas Schnaas' films! Great gore director that never lets budget get in the way of big ideas!"
"Week 7! We're getting to the end of the quarter! Don't wait until the last second to start working on your final projects and papers."
"absolutely! Saw him perform here shortly after moving to town. It was a life-altering moment for myself and my songwriting."
"Lol.i need another follower so I can get to 100"
"Let's keep this up!"
"National High Five Day!!"
"U smell a lot of things when u travel"
"Anyone going to Coachella tomorrow? I know someone who needs a ride from LA in the morning. Please PM me if you are available."
"BIG Shoutout to and for even LISTENING to my music!!"
"thanks! Such a great class this morning...I think my face is still red from it. We already downloaded Snow Patrol!"
"it must go next to the R. Leaf jersey in the man cave."
"FYI, I am no longer in"
"My mind is like a steel trap: rusty and illegal in 37 states."
"Everything you need for travel, all in one site! Book air, hotel, car, cruise; buy travel wear, get passports & Visas. www.FreeXpedia.com"
"it works and it's fun!!"
"Thanks for the link, very interesting!"
"Oh, of course their piece at DePaul. That kind of felt representational to me. Heavily referential anyway."
"Rise to the occasion"
"Tony Romo back in the game w a broken rib! #dedication Colt McCoy is somewhere confused & shaking his head."
"yes! Looks great! I'll be at the shop tomorrow then gone thurs-sun and back the whole next week"
"See you and cameras tomorrow around 1:30pm I am on the non-stop Alaska Airlines flight from Portland, Oregon! :)"
"When someone says, \" don't take this the wrong way. \" There is a 100% chance your not gonna like what they say."
"Shout out to Anna from Florida! 1"
"Will do! Thank you :-)"
"P.s. is cooler than me, but he didn't need to get a new iPad to prove it"
"As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. Buddy Hackett"
"From his lips to LaFollette's ear. RT : Ran into John Nichols at Barrett party. He sees him winning by 25 points or so"
"tonite at Clowes! Great sampling of Indy's performing arts talent and easy way to contribute to AIDS awareness. Tix avail."
"mood swing"
"Hi. Please come to the US. Specifically, western New York. Thanks!"
"I'm a teenager , who made mistakes but so has everyone & we don't call you out for all yours so why call mine out ?"
"\"Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no make-up on, That's when you're the prettiest, I hope that you don't take it wrong\""
"State Rep. Joe Parisi says he can't get his constituents into Capitol. Takes food in to protesters."
"will do!"
"I do, u just don't understand how I could understand"
"RT : LIKE TO SEE ME....i would love to see you. You are a beautiful spirit with a beautiful voice."
"you got this!"
"Pretty pumped to play at home this Friday night. Not very often I get to do an all ages show, especially with my seniors graduating so soon"
"Michael Spiller looks like Jon Hamm!"
"Could a real broham bring a coffee to the duck blind I'm in over 14th st & I75? Don't make too much noise."
"Darius Miller Test Drive, sign up here in the show room for a test drive and enter to WIN a Signed Basketball by Darius Miller."
"It does make me feel better having an eyebrow twin :) Good thing for eyebrow pencils, phew"
"\"Write to be understood, speak to be heard, read to grow.\" - Lawrence Clark Powell"
"left handed more like best handed"
"waking up with so many knots to untangle in the morning"
"Damn just ran into a friend I ain't seen in years.. his name was \"Blunt\" lol"
"#boysfavoriteline \"when we gonna chill\""
"It's dipset, get your dick wet, boarded the big jet, and got a big check"
"I hate unexpected vet visits. Dishing out money like its candy. Google couldn't help me this time. it has failed me!"
"Dang! You still rockin fanny packs?!?! L A M E"
"starting to think this needs to be an iniative - in conjunction with Google or?"
"LIVE from Scranton PA: Syracuse NETS vs Royals, this will be the first game MJ's 8th/14U National team will have this season."
"#shocktheworld looking forward to it Lions!"
"Thanks man! We are almost there! Everything is right on schedule ;)"
"Come on #UNCAshville .... you can do this... play smart...."
"learned some good things in class today. the great news for emerging film makers/writers...content is still king"
"Did just hickup?"
"Congrats to for his new gig at #Transalta. Another successful escape from journalism."
"You never realize how much you use a body part until it starts hurting."
"” Cale Yarborough“Advice is what we ask when we already know the answer but wish we didn’t"
"Who else is going to be at SXSW next week? Let's link up."
"What is #Elul? Elul is the Hebrew month before the Jewish New Year. Its the signal to get our resolutions ready and our life back on track."
"Just dogs. Hate to discriminate but cats would be difficult to wrangle for an outdoor show. :-}"
"gene wilder is turning 80 next year. my mind has been blown."
"Hi Sean!My company's trying to reach someone in Twitter to discuss promotion options,w/o response.Please help,who's the best to contact?"
"Traveling to Coachella or just want the inside scoop? We suggest following She'll have all the info you need!"
"locked in!"
"Thanks for the RT ! We are all fired up over here and ready for Milwaukee's version of \"Iron Chef\"!"
"Lol U tryna say I'm fat??!!"
"Q4 : WHATIF #NJ law-abiding drivers get HIT by law-breaking drivers (VBG95K) & DIE B4 they can file citizens court complaint?"
"genocide project with my love <3"
"no damn sense lmao"
"I'm so tried of going tho this"
"If i want to watch a horse race, I'll go to Old Tavern on Second Saturday and watch last call."
"And your mama said?"
"wow Serena Williams , all that hard work your father did to shape your career and you put it all to waste. ...an #epicfail by him."
"come back to milwaukee sooonnn!"
"Sorry, but my other hoes have me so busy!"
"i got #UPALLNIGHT. :) it's amazing"
"Sometimes I wish a giant would carry me around in his breast pocket and I could just relax."
"As my schedule gets finalized for the week, I'll email you and"
"yeah Haha I'm looking for a quick non perscription thing for my boyfriend actually"
"If healthcare is a biz - u get treated like one. Meaning someone has to profit and it ain't the sick."
"follow back?"
"My dad is tight as fuck!"
"Tweet me who is the cutest in #OneDirection ? ♥"
"so youre in the semifinals now?"
"go king george beat those heat !!!!"
"Oh my lord my Twitter has unfollowed everyone again ! This is the last time I follow people back and if it doesn't work, oh well"
"I've stayed up until 10AM a couple years ago and for when I hosted this guy at OG I'm surprised he wasn't dead-"
"Show Choir these days."
"USGA handicap is only used in 42 countries. Their goal is to become a global sports"
"craft... not so clutch"
"LOL it's all in good fun though."
"Can't wait to watch the live streaming concert tonight!! I just put in my order :)"
"Haha yeah I know"
"NEED TWINS FOR YOUR NEXT FILM CONTACT US, WE LOVE WORKING."
"Dessert and #DowntonAbbey. Synonymous, I think! Couldn't enjoy #MasterpieceClassic more."
"LOCAL honey can relieve sinus problems due to allergy. Even better, if you know which plants allergic to, get that honey. Wildflower is good"
"Forms are filled out, syllabus has been read and you've picked out your favorite seat. 1st week down. Hope it's been a good one!"
"#gobeavs NW Sports tonight will replay the final four minutes of the OSU/WASH game at 7:45"
"#808Pride stick n stones might break my bones but words will never heart me...bull words hurt and so do ppl"
"#healthcare is not the problem - healthcare administration needs change. I.e claims,processing,etc"
"Hey guys its sophia :P, I really dunno what to tweet about on lucys account =d"
"OK. And? The two kids who got heavy-duty cough meds supposedly to cure the plague? Yeah. Coughing up lungs. *sigh*"
"check this out my friends , thanks gordon"
"DM Thank you for following us. We've confirmed mobile health & B2B interest with our technology. Is there a way we can help you?"
"Music videos all night i guess lol"
"ohh how long was it?"
"Nice! Is it possible to track the length of the phone call too?"
"Thanks for the cheer! One page at a time..."
"Keep updating!"
"#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who will do anything for you!"
"<-- Dallas, large global call centers, Strategy and Innovation team. Educating myself in this space (Hello All)"
"No one even cares."
"planning a tour of national parks in the U.S. camping and volunteering..."
"hey!!!! Hope to see u! How did the prez go?"
"FYI, I fixed the line breaks so that the posts in my website repository are easier to read on github."
"Somtimes i wish they would die"
"it was a fun party"
"So now Gasol wants to play."
"Hope u get excited about a new work week then u are passionate about what u do"
"Beyond mad"
"I know."
"We have some great art pieces the store!!!"
"Think you have style? DM us if you do and you could be featured in the next"
"you got my support!"
"good times!! We missed u at the game Jordan! Xo"
"Targeting south park's towlie in late rounds rt : Martin Mayhew says Lions won't shy away from players who used marijuana"
"#OnTheLastDayOfSchool we should pull a prank on one of the teachers!"
"My great uncle, unaware of the movie, would joke about people having something that \"runs after the family\" as opposed to in."
"dude, im gonna miss out on so much sunday. fml."
"Don't know of they were UO Team Members or not, but people were golfing at the Drive-In. And no line like last night."
"I officially met this Korean kid who'd been picked on and I stood up for. I let him know I was there for him, I reminded him he wasn't alone"
"Favorite email of the day began with: \"I am a grandma and a proud hooker!\" Right on, grams!"
"I will do my best to attend!"
"What's going on my twitter fam? I"
"my dad just admitted to me that he used to come into my room in the middle of the night and get my secrets out of me because i sleep talk.."
"Its worse than early collage."
"Indoor cats and indoor plants don't seem to get along very well..."
"My #quarterlifecrisis is telling me that my life is in shambles. It's just one of those mornings but I know better. Must push forward!!!"
"Thanks for sharing! Have U entered yet? :) RT: Sunbelt Snacks Giveaway: Enter to Win a FREE Granola Cereal Prize Pack (50 Winners)"
"I mean, in particular, alone in this world"
"Replace Karl w/ Simon Pegg and #idiotabroad could be a movie."
"I love the blind side. Probs a new fav..."
"Well good day I'm outtie lmao"
"Thanks! *high five* back at you! RT : *high five*"
"Game Day Notebook: Pacers put whistles out of their minds"
"omg lucky!! i'd love to go on #Legna EU Tour"
"We certainly do ;)"
"TIME OF UR LIFE .....DOPE FUCKIN TRACK BRO"
"Day one of attempt in changing lifestyle: fail lol"
"Landed in Seattle! The mountains are a sight for sore eyes :) home to feed the cats then off to Redmond in time for"
"lol are you saying kobe is getting it? lol - YES! #G.O.A.T. of THIS ERA! hahaha!"
"You had me at \"cupcake\"! Sounds like a great cruise and I'll be sure to look into it!"
"Mane and I'll never get traded. I accepted their offer of peanuts and Thizz for a life contract"
"wow dude. You know what? *arms outstretched* bring it in.."
"GAWD FUCKING DAMMIT!!! I really hope Pacman steps up to the plate and beats Mayweather."
"I miss you too!!!!! We need a date night ASAP!!!!"
